__SILENCE__
hi my name is mandy how are you
names jack , i work at the deli counter
i work at a nursery and have a large home garden
that is awesome and i learned to play guitar . and love to go fishing
i travel yearly and have a eye for scenic views
i dropped out of college and i know things will change in my life
college is over rated but i love baking pies on weekends
yeah it is not something i want to do .
i wanna be a photographer but i probably not good at it
how will you know if you don't try .
i have but nothing print worthy but maybe one day your right
well if you try and make it possible things can change for the better .
same can be said for you i hated college
me too , no matter how i tried and wasn't happy
i feel ya and i skipped a grade in middle school so go figure
persona
i don't treat my girlfriend very well.
i am a lesbian.
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i love to sing.
persona II
i have a son.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
my husband works for the government.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i've ever had a broken heart because of a friends character ?
hm . . that is a bad thing . .
i expected my best friend from college to be on my birthday party but she didn't .
it happens some times . . move on
i was shocked and i cannot stop thing what i wronged her .
what do you do in ur free time
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine .
i had a friend in my school
but can you advise me on how to do away with that bad feeling .
try to follow a tv series or a movie
okay fine i will try it out and see if it works .
persona
i work for a magazine.
i love to workout.
i love the game halo.
yellow is my favorite color.
persona II
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i have a lot of style.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
i love kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? i just got off from working for a magazine . you ?
hi , i am doing well . i just got off work as well , i am a teacher
what grade do you teach ? what do you do after work ?
kindergarten . i like to organize my class room at the end of the day
i tried to take all my aggression out in a good workout . i love hitting the gym .
nice ! i've gone to the gym once in my life
ll ! are you a big gamer ? i love playing halo .
no , i do love helping kids with their future though
that is very nice . what is your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
i like back and purple
every time i think of black and purple , maleficent and ursula come to mind .
very true ! maybe i'm just a villan
well , we need to work on your evil laugh . muhaahaahaa ! ! !
i'll just give my students extra homework haha
that is truly wicked of you . ll ! !
persona
i still live with my parents.
i am currently unemployed.
summer is my favorite season.
i've a cat.
persona II
i teach a yoga class.
i enjoy nature.
my favorite food is salad.
my mother was a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! do you like animals ? i have a pet cat right now .
i like anything that is outdoors !
outdoor animals ? cool . is your favorite season summer , like mine ?
i like all seasons . fresh lettuce and veggies are good in the summer
yum . i wish i could afford lots of fresh veggies . i hate being unemployed .
what kind of work did you do ?
i used to be a teacher at a daycare , but it went out of business .
my mom taught second grade .
cool ! luckily , i live with my parents at the moment . mom teaches fifth grade !
small world ! i live at home too !
it can really be a blessing to be able to live with parents .
it sure can . i teach fitness classes but it doesn't pay well .
i hope that you can get a raise soon ! i bet you deserve it .
i like to think i do . hope you find a new job soon
thank you very much . i'll keep hunting .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to play with summer , my kitty cat . she likes the laser pointer .
persona
i like collecting rocks.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love the smell of beans.
i love zumba.
i love huge paintings.
persona II
i recently moved to florida.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
twilight is my favorite book series.
i only surf when the tide is low.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing ?
bummed out . the tide is too high too surf . i like them low .
that is unfortunate . sumba will make you feel better
wonder if they have sumba in florida , just moved here .
nice ! florida reminds me of the smell of beans . love that
beans . you like the smell ? cooking i hope .
yup good old aromatic floridian beans
hmm , i will have to try them have you read twilight series yet ?
no i have not . but i'm a dragon ball z fan
i like dragon ball z okay , but vampires are my favorite .
cool do you have any collectibles ? i got dbl figures lots of rocks
persona
i can knit.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my sister is a guitarist.
i like going barefoot.
persona II
i am an only child.
my name is nancy.
i like barbies.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i m a girl.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
good , thanks . hi , i am nancy .
what is your hobby ? what do you like ?
i love playing with barbies and singing my favorite song . .
i like to dance a lot
cool . can we dance together ? i have no brothers or sisters .
i'd rather dance with my dog
that's ok . i am used to being alone .
i love my dog . you should get one .
i'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world . . . no dogs .
do you have any hobbies
yes , singing and playing with barbie dolls . you ?
i like to make blankets
cool . can you make a blanket for my barbie ?
i could . what color would you like it ?
persona
i've 3 children.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i drive an suv.
i've a law degree.
i've 3 dogs.
persona II
i've tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i'm a financial analyst for a brewery.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
i'm great how are you ?
just enjoying a quiet weekend at my vacation home in the smokey mountains
i would rather spend the weekend at a casino
well that does sound fun but with three children and three dogs it would be hard
i run numbers for a brewery
i'm a lawyer and deal with environmental law
is that a real degree ?
yes it is . although big boo i like my suv
i spent time on many continents and seven countries
then you have seen some beautiful places . i am jealous
i drink heavily to forget the horrors of korea
i understand that my dad has ptsd from vietnam
it is hard sleeping at night
yes i am sure it is .
persona
she taught me to cook.
my mother is from russia.
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
i've a dog.
she died when i was 18.
persona II
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i am a musician.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing alright . you ?
i'm fine . just thinking about my mom .
is she still alive ? good thoughts ?
no , she passed away when i was 18 . thinking about russian recipes she taught me ,
that's interesting . what is russian food like ?
hearty and tasty , that's why i opened a restaurant 3 years after she died .
what was her favorite ? or yours ?
i loved her borchst better than any i ever had . i love ine as well .
fancy stuff huh ? well i enjoy creating music myself . mom inspired a few of my pieces .
that's great . my dog and i love music .
persona
i work at a coffee shop.
i've three roommates.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i have an eyebrown piercing.
both of my parents are teachers.
persona II
my husband just decided to leave me.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i enjoy ice cream.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
i am 50 years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! chatting from work at starbucks !
starbucks would be so nice . i need a break from all these kids and animals .
tell me about it . i live with three roomies and they drive me batty .
well i am getting rid of one of my roomies . my husband is leaving me . good riddance .
i would say sorry but you seem happy about it so yay !
there is good and bad . but , there is always ice cream to cheer me up .
yum , my mom and dad are teachers . we meet up weekly for ice cream .
what do you do for a living ?
my sis and i are in a band grunge . and i work at starbucks .
wow ! that's neat . i like a little older music since i'm 50 .
i am 43 . i need to get rid of my pierced eyebrow . getting too old for it .
you are never too old . i should try that to cope with the responsibility of the kids .
you sound like a super cool mom !
you are so nice . did you have any kids ?
no , just my 3 year old niece mia . i adore her .
persona
i love eating at mcdonald.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
my parents both are school teachers.
i want to own a house on a beach.
persona II
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
i hate that my mom made me get braces.
people say i talk when i'm not supposed to.
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
i could eat less.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
if you want after hour eats , mcdonald has some great mocha frappes
that is very tempting , i eat way too much fast food .
me too . i probably shouldn't but my folks are super busy with work
i hate these braces mom made me get , its so hard to eat healthy food .
you could put it in a blender . that is what nascar racers to before a race
that is a great idea ! i really want to be a vegetarian for my health .
i would rather be rich . that way i can get an ocean home and good doctors .
money is great , but happiness is important , too . i would rather be an animal doctor .
i think happiness is an illusion which money can help with .
sometimes , but cartoon ponies make me happy . . . being rich , i could get a real pony !
forget ponies . watch some auto racing . i do every sunday if nascar is on
i really love ponies , though . i draw them all the time , all over my books !
my parents hate it when their students scrawl all over their school books
persona
my favorite sport is hockey.
i avoid eating sugar.
i like rollerblading.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
persona II
i'm a travel agent.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
my parents own a business that i am now running.
i like fitness.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
hi ! i love to jog and snorkel . my favorite spot is the carribean .
have you ever rollerblade or play hockey ? that is my favorite !
no . i'm more drawn to travelling to and playing around warm spots on earth !
i prefer snow and the cold do you have a favorite food ?
jamaican . i love curry and goat . eat it every chance i can get .
i like foods with spices too . i usually stay away for a lot of sugar .
i need to stop sugar too . going to barbados soon gotta fit into a bathing suit
a balance diet is best . that is what i stick to . my parents are from barbados .
really ? you should let me set up their travel plans . that is what i do .
i heard alaska is beautiful for vacation
persona
i m an only child.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
persona II
i've 10 piercings.
i like to drive for hours.
i can t live without my friends.
my favorite food is italian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , do you go to the gym ?
sometimes , to work off all the pasta i eat . how about you ?
i've to workout or else i'll be ugly .
dang , low self esteem ? do you have many friends ?
sure . they make fun of me though for spending 2 hours on my hair and makeup
i bet you are pretty on the inside . any piercings ?
my ears , belly button and tongue . do you like piercings ?
i do , i've 10 myself
my ears have 2 each , one on each are gauged .
that is awesome . do you like long drives ?
i love long road trips , honestly , i really just want to find a husband .
that is great , i love to drive for a long time . you single ?
i am . otherwise it would be strange to be looking for someone lol .
you never know thought . could just be unhappy
i suppose , though i believe everyone should be happy .
persona
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i like to take cold showers.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i sing in the shower.
i drive a moped.
persona II
i've never kissed a woman.
people notice how organized i'm.
i love to gossip.
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello
hello
i'm looking for fellow video gamers . my personal favorite is halo 3 . what about you ?
sorry i don't play games
oh , bummer . what about adventure ? i cruse fast on my moped
i'm a homebody . i watch tv everyday
i am a little antisocial also . i can never keep eye contact without looking away !
me too lol
i like to sing , but only in the shower . scared of what others would think lol
what do you do for a living ?
professional halo 3 player
persona
i've 3 kids.
i know karate.
i'm an avid artist.
i want to go to mars.
persona II
i love my impala.
summer is my favorite season.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ? i'm good .
hello there , what are you doing ?
not much , just got back from my martial arts class .
oh , i just cleaned my impala . i love it so much .
i don't really enjoy cars , but i would love to travel in a spaceship .
you must love martial arts . i love my car and fishing .
i love my kids , making art , and practicing my martial arts .
the space seems nice , but summer is what i really like
summer is not my favorite season , but the kids like it and they play out side .
you listen to radio ? i enjoy listening to programs
i like to watch television , especially educational shows .
what season you like ? tv shows ? like what ?
i do not enjoy the sun outdoors . but i like astronomy and science shows on public television .
how many kids you have ?
i've three total , all boys
persona
i only eat organic food.
i am allergic to dust.
i collect comic books.
i've an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
persona II
my name is mary.
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i am mary , nice to meet you !
nice to meet you too .
what are you up to ?
i am reading a comic book
i wish i had time to do that , it is all work for me , even on weekends .
where do you work at
i work in a doctors office , i'm a receptionist .
what is that kind of job like ?
i'm studying to become a radiologist at my local college .
what brought you into that ?
my boss let me know of the pay and i had to get in on it .
yeah , i heard that was a lot of money
it is mostly paperwork management and also incoming calls .
that doesn't sound bad
persona
since my dog died i m incomplete.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
i live in a house with a yard.
i'm an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
persona II
my hair is curly and dark.
i have two children.
i don't like to clean house.
i sell clothing on facebook.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey my friend how are you doing ?
hello my pal i am doing great . how are you ?
kids woke me up got to cook breakfast and glad you doing good
cool ! i've two kids . they are messy .
husband cleans nice just trying to wake up
i hate cleaning ! i'd rather be on facebook .
facebook is fun i just want to let dog out get some hardwood floor for the house .
what is the name of you little dog ?
little and just want to draw relax see how i want to create my new back yard
the name of your dog is little ?
little is a good name and hope your day goes good
i hope your day goes good too . what do you hate the most ?
won't be good now little past away just miss him husband been taking care of me
i am so sorry for your loss . he's in dog heaven .
it be okay my sons is my world and thanks
persona
i live in new york city.
i am a writer.
i enjoy going to museums.
i have ten nieces and nephews.
persona II
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i have a cheap car my dad gave me.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you this evening ?
oh , i am fine , eating cookies now so greasy and unhealthy
ooh yummy . very healthy but tasty !
i hope it is healthy , i try to stick to a healthy diet
i just eat whatever . i should probably watch my figure living in nyc though
my dad gave me a cheap car , i hope i can drive to nyc
that was very nice of him . there are so many cool museums here you should visit
it will be easy for me because i'm energetic and skinny
only time i get exercise is running around my 10 nephews and nieces
you have a big family , i run fast with my family for long miles .
i should write about you and your endurance
persona
i'm a georgia resident.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i like nfl and college football.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
persona II
i dance ballet.
i'm an only child.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
i'm currently in nursing school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm from georgia and i'm a big football fan . how about you ?
i'm from alabama . football is fun to watch
you are a crimson tide fan ?
not too much , i am so busy going to nursing school right now
oh , that's great . i am between jobs and bored . joined an nfl fantasy league this year .
sounds like fun . when i am bored i like to dance , specifically ballet
i was never a good dancer . i am an avid reader . love creepy horror books and sci fi
i like to read sci fi too
have you read any piers anthony novels ?
i haven't read any of those novels yet
you should check out his incarnations of immortality series . fantastic !
i went to a christian school , so i mainly read the bible . . .
that is great . i just ordered a new large print bible . my eyes are getting old .
now i find it more interesting than factual . my mom was a sundayschool teacher
i attended a congregation a lot when i was younger . not so much now .
persona
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my car is over 20 years old.
my dad was a preacher.
my mother was a school music teacher.
i did not finish college.
persona II
i'm allergic to cats.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i love scary movies.
i keep my hair cut very short.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! my name is jordan , what is yours ?
my name is anna , how are you ?
doing well here , tell me about yourself !
well , i really do love a good scary movie , you ?
not into scary movies , my favorite is the last of the mohicans .
i like them , but i like to keep short hair which is not good to hide behind
mom was a music teacher , so there's always music in our house , less movies .
really ? i am learning piano actually ! !
fabulous ! i took lessons in college for my art degree , but i didn't finish .
cool . my teacher has a cat though and i'm allergic
i recently bought this 22 year old car and i think they had cats !
sounds like a scary movie . i would watch that one
so , what do you do for a living ?
i'm a hair stylist , how its easy for me to keep it so short
that is cool ! you get to try out all the styles and products .
persona
i've 3 small dogs.
i've a personal trainer.
i used to be very religious.
i love to ride bikes.
i tutor kids in my spare time.
persona II
i am divorced and looking to date.
i am a professional bowler.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i have two children , a boy and a girl.
i work at an insurance firm.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , i am bob .
hey there how are you ?
i'm amazing , how are you ?
i'm doing well . be glad when i'm off work
i ride bikes , do you ?
i like to bowl . i do it for a living
i would like to smoke bowls for a living
okay . . . i take care of my grandparents and my two children
i was religious once , are you ?
i'm very much
i am not i just lift weights now
well that helps relieve stress
gotta get it out after i tutor kids
i bet so . i sell insurance
great , i just ride bikes
persona
i am a registered nurse.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i enjoy reading.
i'm a vegan.
i've two smartphones.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer baseball over football.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i like sports.
i work for a government agency.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
his i am just fine what about you
i am doing good just enjoying one of my fav things reading
that sound good , what is your favorite food my is pizza
i am vegan so i love my veggies
i love baseball what about you
no i'm more of a reader but i do love my movies
that sound good am plan to read more also .
cool . my fav movie is pretty women
that good i love to watch bet
i have 2 phones one for work and one for fun
persona
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
persona II
i am good at throwing parties.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i enjoy talking to strangers.
i want to live at the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there good afternoon , like hippos ?
hello ! i like hippos but my favorite are monkeys !
really ? i want to come back as 1 if i die
that would be entertaining . what do you do for a living ?
i am lame an i smoke way to much
bummer . i am thinking about moving to the beach . where do you live ?
2 packs a day is way too many
i agree . how do you think you can cut back ? it is probably expensive .
no clue i do not try
but you want to stop right ?
not sure , like lindsey stirling ?
never heard of her . tell me what she does .
she sings so nice i live for her
ah , i'll look her up !
yes do you will enjoy like meatloaf ?
persona
i love to take naps.
i love watching basketball.
i sing barbershop and rap.
my eyes are blue.
my favorite season is winter.
persona II
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i cannot stand salads.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
yo , yo , yo , whats up with you ?
do you like salad ? i cannot stand it .
gross ! i'd much rather nap then eat salad .
my stay at home mom forced me to eat them .
that's the worst ! do you like watching basketball ?
my father sold insurance . he loved basketball . he would always get tickets .
basketball , naps , and winter are the best ! oh and gangsta rap
i always preferred to study . i was valedictorian in high school .
what color are your eyes ? mine are blue
i had to drop out of college to help my grandparents .
awe i am sorry to hear that , are they ok ?
they are fine now . i helped them relocate .
how very nice of you . are you going back to school then ?
persona
i am ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
and , my best friend is abigail.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
persona II
i moved far from home.
i am skilled in computer repair.
my family owns a farm.
i've red hair.
i like to eat meat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
today i am  years of age , you ?
oh , happy birthday ! i am 37 .
harry potter is awesome ! ! , i really like the books
he sure is ! where do you live ?
near abigail , she is my best friend ever ! ! !
ah , that is cute . do you live in the town or countryside ?
in the town where tomorrow is the first safety patrol day ! !
oh , sounds exciting . i lived on a farm when i was your age .
tean years old is a great age , agree ?
oh for sure . climbing trees , riding bikes , not a care in the world !
harry potter is my book preference human ! comply____
persona
i am married.
i have a passion for god.
i love to travel.
my favorite book is the bible.
i'm a older gentlemen.
persona II
i am in my last year of grad school.
i am the worlds best aunt.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i love trips to the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
hey ! i am great , how are you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
what are you up to ?
oh nothing much just reading
cool , i love reading , especially my italian cookbooks !
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a student , finishing up my last year at grad school ! what about you ?
i'm retired now but i used to be a teacher
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? he's in school and says i'm the best aunt ever !
what city are you from ?
i live in california i just love taking my dog to the beaches here everyday !
i'm from cali as well
do you do anything for fun now that you are retired ?
i usual read the bible
persona
i have 6 toes on one foot.
i have glasses.
i hate skiing.
my favorite book is twilight.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
persona II
i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
i started learning japanese at college.
i am tired of having to read subtitles.
i hope to save enough money for it.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
fine ! i'm tracy , a college student and i love foreign cartoons . are you rich ?
no but my nose was broken
cool ! i listen to audiobooks and speak one asian language . you like sushi ? i do .
its alright do you read books
yes ! whats your name ? you like prozac ? i invest so one day i'll be rich .
its alright do you wear glasses
whats alright ? i'm studying to be a protologist . you have free time ?
a little . how many toes do you have ?
seven . my favorite book is the front runner .
i like twilight they're so dreamy
persona
i am about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i've lived a very sheltered life.
i am 17.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
persona II
i live in colorado.
i'm married.
my car is blue.
i have an mba degree.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , whats up ? what are you doing today ?
hey , not doing much enjoying a day off from work with my husband
i am just sitting around ignoring my homework , i am almost done with those nuns .
seems like you had a rough day . where are you from
i am in new england , how about you ?
i live in denver i love the mountains
awesome . i am going out to uc berkeley next year , gonna party my bootie off !
its best to study and do well too . i went to university colorado got my mba
i would love to go to colorado , i never get to go anywhere .
maybe you'll when you get done with college
yeah studying is all well and good but i cant wait to party !
persona
i travel a lot.
i like doing art projects.
i am a strong woman.
i'm married.
persona II
i work as a scientist.
i am well built and tall.
my parents were scientists.
i m in gymnastics.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you , my friend ?
hello how are you today ?
i am well . just came back from a backpacking trip .
that sound like fun i am a man of science
i love art projects . does that make me a man of art ? haha
i'd like to think so
i feel i'm a strong female because i can carry a heavy backpack .
that's cool because i'm a gymnast
that's so excellent ! since what age ?
since i was 4 , i was raised by scientists
which field of science exactly ?
a little bit of everything
is that possible by profession ?
mostly tech but i am all over the place
i see . my spouse and i travel aplenty for work
persona
my father was born in australia.
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was an author.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
persona II
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i'm an art teacher.
i like to sew my own clothing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you like to travel ?
hello there , how are you . not too much i like being home .
what country do you live in ?
usa here what about you ?
usa , but my parents are from ireland and australia
that is pretty awesome . do you like thrift shops ?
yes , absolutely love digging for trash and treasures .
i love making new clothes out of old and seeing my kids in class light up
that is truly a gift of frugality . i wish i could sew .
it took me a very long time to learn how . still work in progress .
i'm always practicing my music . i love to sing .
i cannot carry a tune in a bucket . do you work ?
i travel alot , i love ireland and its music .
now that's music i can dance too . always puts a smile on my face
funny , it is very happy and fun .
persona
some jokes go too far.
i prefer the simpler times.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
i like simple jokes.
i like the flintstones.
persona II
i went to law school.
i am an excellent baker.
i was born on christmas day.
my landlord is raising my rent.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi zach my name how are you
hello , zach . when is your birthday ? mine is christmas .
mine matches the flintstones hence my dogs name dino
what matches the flintstones ? i've a dog too .
my birthday was the last episode my best friend prefer south park
oh , okay . i have never watched south park .
i'm more into simple jokes
i'm a baker , nice thing to do with a law degree , right ?
i have a business degree and i do stand up but i have not filter
i love to bake pies , everyone says my pecan is the best every .
i miss simpler times just watching grandma bake all day
that's what people tell me , even my landlord
well i've not baked since she passes
that is so sad , you really should get in the kitchen .
i do i make a killer caprice salad
persona
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
i love pasta.
i love the color pink.
persona II
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i drive a ferrari.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! i just came in from outside . its my favorite place to be !
i'm all about driving , fast and furious !
oh ? swimming is my favorite activity . driving gets boring for me .
you just got to have the right car !
i drive a minivan , lol . definitely the wrong car for speeding around town .
a mini van ? do not think i have ever been in one of those !
you probably wouldn't like it if you were . mine is painted pink . i love that color .
yeah . i'dn't like that ? bet you have a picket fence to match .
sure do ! and a house in the burbs . serving up some pasta for dinner tonight , you ?
i'm all about space . i've a mansion .
nice ! i have got a family . i wish i could have some space !
persona
i have several siblings i don t know.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
i work at a local party store.
i was adopted.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
persona II
my favorite place is the mountains.
my wife is a nurse.
i've 2 kids.
i like to play baseball.
i am a doctor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
vera died without saying goodbye . you adopted ?
no my parents are legit . as are my children . you have kids ?
i clerk at a store . you see faces in clouds ?
all the time . my patients do too . you are so very short
no kids . two dogs same thing . you have pets ?
no , but i've two children whom i love .
i'm adopted but i love christmas . you ?
i'm not religious . my wife is though , she is a nurse .
i think i have sisters i don't know . you know your brothers and sisters ?
i love my sister . we play baseball together and our team is very good .
my birth mother met me at sixteen . vera died . you sing ?
i sing old time tunes , and play a banjo . when i am not in surgery .
any parties coming up ? i can cook . can you ?
persona
i want a porsche.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i am often late for class.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i listen to podcasts.
i do not have any children.
i live near a park.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
like i said before , i was late again
late to work ?
oh no , school this time
are you a college student ? why were you late ?
you know that . isabelle , she's just so warm
lol is her favorite color purple ? mine is
ink if dogs can see puris , are you smoking again
oh a dog ! i see dogs all the time in the park i live near
hmmm , well we should walk there . watch the stars
yes watch the stars . no children out at night , i do not have any
wheres my porsche ?
you lost your car ?
you know what i mean , its a porsche or no kids . ever !
lol
you gotta work fo me . ugh , so you gonna give me a ride to school or what
persona
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
my name is kevin.
i play the guitair.
i am a student in college.
i'm studying software development.
persona II
i love to listen to music.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
i am a happy person.
i love to take walks.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i am kevin . i am in college . how are you ?
hi kevin , i am anna . i am just a generally happy person
cool ! i workout a lot and enjoy learning new things !
maybe i could teach you how to knit or crochet ? its really enjoyable
thanks but i'm more into software development . i play my guitar on my free time .
oh , well i listen to a lot of music . you play in a band ?
no , it is just a hobby . it takes my mind off of things when i play .
well , do you like walks ?
i mostly run as part of my workout .
if you enjoy the lake too , maybe we could go run walk there ?
sounds fun ! i will bring my guitar with me and maybe some homework too !
lets do it . sounds fun
i'm almost done with my software development project , then we can go !
wahoo . sounds like a plan
let us set the date . hopefully we get a good weather .
persona
i'm highly educated.
i'm a carnivore.
my father used to be a butcher.
my only friend is a dog.
persona II
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i like to go to the opera.
i enjoy classical music.
i'm six feet tall.
i love to vacation in paris.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good actually . how are you ? any plans today ?
i am going to bring my dog to the park
lucky . i've to get things ready for tonights group event .
whats your event that youre having
a group of us parents are going to an opera tonight .
that's fun i wish i had more friends i just hang with my dog
well , dogs can sometimes be better friends than people .
that's very true they're so loyal
they're . i have two of my own and i love them to death .
i love mine too what other hobbies do you have
i love working on my car actually . only on weekends though . you ?
i sometimes help my dad in his butcher shop
persona
i love to dance.
i don t eat meat.
i'm witty.
i love sharks.
persona II
i m never still.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how is your night going ?
it is very good . i had a busy day , but i like busy
what did you do ? i swam with sharks ?
wow , was that scary , i am an airplane mechanic
just kidding ! i am so witty like that
ha i just that's funny . do you like fancy cars ?
i love dancing on fancy cars , yeah haha
lol , i bet the car owners don't love that
they do not have to know ; do you like a good steak ? we should go
i like steak okay . i like old music
that is what i like to heat . a fellow meat lover .
i could cook us steak and we could listen to my records
what else do you like ? i know i was kidding , but i like sharks a lot
just like to keep busy with what ever is in town
oh , so what kind of things ?
persona
i love meat.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i've a new job selling cars.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to paint pictures.
persona II
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i dropped out of high school.
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i love to read.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning ! what do you do for a living ?
i did not finish highschool so i just read books now !
awesome ! my wife used to be a teacher so education is important to us .
i try to read at least three a week , the same age i learned to read , three !
what a good goal ! i just started selling cars again .
what is your favorite kind of car ?
practically , i like hyundais . for fun i would love a mustang .
i speak two languages , french and english !
nice ! i've been really into painting , so that's my biggest hobby .
we should hangout sometime and you can teach me to paint
i would like that ! we can get some pizza , my favorite food !
i love pizza and reading , my two favorite things .
i especially like pizza with meat on it !
persona
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am a hardcore biker.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
i got a girlfriend last month.
persona II
i play football.
my position is linebacker.
i am an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
hi there ! i'm well . you like football ?
not really , although i do like being outdoors
i am pretty athletic too . i am a linebacker .
that's cool , i like riding bikes , do you like hiking ?
sometimes . but football is really my thing .
breakfast is more of my thing . i like pancakes
haha . breakfast is cool . did you know i made 128 tackles last year ?
that's impressive , almost as impressive as me finding a girlfriend last month !
congratulations ! what is she like ?
she likes hiking a lot , we go hiking with friends all of the time .
that is nice . she's sporty too .
yeah , she is a hardcore biker like me so we get along well
persona
i have trouble losing weight.
i'm a very short woman.
i am near sighted and wear contact lenses.
i love animals.
i don't cook and usually eat out.
persona II
i do not get along with my family.
regular life disappoints me.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i enjoy classical music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
hi , i could be better . how about you ?
i'm good thanks for askin
are you happy with your life ?
yes i think i'm
good for you . my life on the other hand , is a total disappointment .
why do you say that ?
my family hates me . i do not get along with them .
is there a reason for that ?
i spend a lot of time at furry parties . i wish i were an animal .
what animal would you be ?
i spend most of my time dressed as a bunny .
are you the easter bunny ?
persona
people do not like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
persona II
i am a farmer.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i have two pet dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
hello . i'm good , just came in from a hike
very cool do you go to church
i am a brujeria , nature is my church . my dogs are my congregation
oh do you pray in nature
something like that . i'm a farmer
i like to see people pray in groups
do you do photography ? waterfalls are my favorite .
yeah i make phone apps too
that's very cool . what kind ?
ones to help heal people
persona
i travel every year to disney world.
i have two dogs.
i like to read true crime novels.
i am close to both of my brothers.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
persona II
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello i've a small dog and a big dog
hi how are you doing
i'm just wonderful how are you today
i'm great just trying to type in between my snake crawling on me
i love to travel disney world is my favorite
i've never been there . how is it ?
awesome my kids and brothers love it
what rides did you go on
don't laugh but i am scared of them
they're so fun . i love the rush .
that is so cool sounds scary
i am very much a thrill seeker
that would explain the snake crawling on you
persona
i like playing games online.
i'm a vegetarian.
i'll study computer science.
i am on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
persona II
we live in a rural area.
i am a woman.
my parents are still married.
i've several children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
hello i'm doing well how are you ?
am fine . thank you for asking
no problem . what are you up to ?
i'm still a high school student . what about you ?
oh okay . i'm a single parent mom i've 5 kids .
ohh , that's great . what do you do for living ?
i work from home in customer service . how is school going ?
its boring . i want to study with computer science but can't do that
oh well what grade are you in ? my son is in 9th grade .
i'm in 10th grade
persona
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
persona II
i'm from mexico.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
i like to go on walks.
i have 2 cats.
i like to bake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing wonderful and you ?
i am doing ok tonight
awesome , i am not from the united states .
where are you from then ?
how many animals do you have ?
i currently have two dogs
how nice , i've two cats !
what do you do for a living ?
i am currently a teacher . and you ?
i have a crummy job . . . ugh
persona
i m from austin , texas.
i like to cook new recipes.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like every post i see on social media.
when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
persona II
i'm recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
i'd like to spend more time with my family.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello from the great austin , texas ! how are you ?
i'm good . you ? just graduated
congratulations . i went to culinary school . always cooking new recipes
i went for business . i miss my family
i contact my family a lot on social media , but they never like my posts . its upsetting
mine lives across the country it makes me sad
i understand that sadness . i mean why would they not like the posts of my food !
haha that makes sense i suppose
i like every one of their posts ! it just upset me . tell me about you
i wish i could see my family more really
why do you not go visit them ?
they live so far away from me
where do you live ? how far are they ?
maine and they live in california
i live in utah , and my family live in england , so i understand
persona
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i sleep in a princess bed.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
persona II
i love decorating for christmas.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
summer is my favorite season.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
a little sad since my favorite season summer is over
yeah i like summerton do you like being outside
yes , i love fishing so i live outside . what ind of stuff do you like ?
i like playing outside with my dolls and toys
that sounds fun , i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas
christmas is such a fun holiday
yes it is , my family enjoys listening to classic radio programs
do you like to have picnics
i enjoy the sun and food so picnics are great
i love having picnics with my family
that's the best way to enjoy them .
i also really like it when i get flowers
persona
i am caucasian.
i like rollerblading.
i avoid eating sugar.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
persona II
i recently moved to florida.
twilight is my favorite book series.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
i want to find out what its like to eat grasshoppers.
i only surf when the tide is low.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ? i love rollerblading
hi ! i suck at that ! do you know what its like to eat grasshoppers ?
horrible i bet ! lol i try eating a balanced diet but that is to far for me
i really wanna know ! what do you do for fun ?
rollerblading mostly , i'm white so get sum burnt really easy while out
yes , recently moved to the sunshine state , aka the tornado state now .
ll , it was only a bit of wind wasn't it ?
too much for surfing ! i like low tide , really ! what music do you like ?
reggae rock mostly , how about you ?
jason braz type music . he's my fav . i also like reading .
oh yeah , what books do you like reading ?
do you like twilight ? its my fav book . anything about vampires , i guess .
i don't mind watching the movies , but i'm personally not reading fan
what food do you like , if not grasshoppers ?
well i really like avoiding sugar , so mainly home cooked meals like stew etc
persona
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i'm an accountant.
i drive a red car.
i enjoy running.
persona II
i m getting married in six months.
i m a babysitter.
i've a sweet tooth.
i drive a mercedes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i'm great ! i'm craving something sweet .
i never eat sweets , when i crave them i just go for a run .
i should go run since i get married in 6 months .
congrats ! you should , running is great . i listen to bruno mars when i go
the girl i babysit loves bruno mars .
i like her style . he is my favorite ! is babysitting your full time job ?
for now it is . i need money to pay for my mercedes .
is it red ? i have a red one ! ! perfect car for an accountant
it is black like my real honda civic .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a high school teacher in texas .
i thought about being a teacher before i went into accounting
i love my job ! i love my students !
i am happy for you ! what else do you enjoy ?
persona
i have 3 kids.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i'm a blackjack dealer.
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
persona II
my father is a preacher.
my favorite color is purple.
i go to church on sunday.
i've a 3 year old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am good ! i just got home from church with my 3 year old . how are you ?
i'm good , just took my kids to the playground
great ! my father is the preacher at my church , always happy to see him too !
it must be nice . your father wouldn't approve of my job
what do you do for work ?
i do some illegal gambling . i've a degree in statistics
oh you are right i don't think he would , but that is okay !
i'm in school to be a casino manager so i can become legit and certified
i'm glad you are taking that in school !
what do you do for fun ?
i run an tumblr blog dedicated to purple things it is my favorite colour ! what about you ?
i like to write short stories . i have a thing for dinner theater
really ? that sounds interesting . any particular genre of stories ?
murder mysteries . i like the aspect of who done it themes
persona
i sometimes drive fast.
i prefer reading to sports.
i'm a gentle giant.
my family comes first to me.
i've survived near death experiences.
persona II
i like to create websites.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i really enjoy reading the news.
i love new technology.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , fast driver , reader , big and tall , family first survivor . you ?
hey . how are you ? i look new things that are emerging like drones .
chicken wings are our friends . i love to read . you ?
i really like to watch media and finds ways to make cash . and you ?
wow ! one time i made a unicorn cry . i was nearly dead but survived . you ?
i did almost make a website that had a unicorn . you ?
no . has wild lions ever chase you ? my family is first always . you ?
no , no lions . and my family is like that too .
i see people in clouds . you ? i am fast driver too . you ?
no , but i want to create the first airplane that float with no fuel .
hmmm . i'm a jumbo shrimp . you sing ? i do .
no , i do not becuase i like using laptops to write code
merna eats fish bait for snacks . you play sports ? i don't .
i don't play any . i just stay inside .
i wrote a book about coding . you dance ? i do .
persona
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i wish i could speak another language.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
persona II
i'm 25 years old.
i have a 7 year old daughter.
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i take her to the park.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon how are you today
hello ! i am good how are you ?
i sit at a computer all day long
oh no ! why is that ?
i love movies and good tv shows
do you watch movies and tv shows on the computer ?
yes ome times i do when i'm bored
that sounds like fun ! do you go outside ?
i love to be outside when its sunny
me too ! i like to take my daughter to the park
i like the park too and my hot color is pink
your favorite color is pink ?
yes very much so its great
i do not know what my favorite color is !
i have a seven year old girl
persona
i was born under a blood moon.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i work some very odd jobs.
i enjoy going on hikes.
persona II
i love rap music.
i love going fishing.
i am single.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
good . i am talking with my mom right you . you ?
i'm trying to plan a hike for tomorrow
that sounds nice , any fishing spots around the hike ? i love to fish
yes there's a bit of water . i might do some fishing myself
fingers crossed you catch something . be sure to play some rap music , fish love rap .
haha is that so ? i hear a lot of rap when i work
hands down that is my favorite music . the music of my people , street people .
it is pretty fly . you ever go anywhere else besides where you live ?
never , though that may be why i'm still single at 40
that is a shame . i have never left the country but i have gone out of states
i have never even left my small town of 500
wow . anything else interesting about you ? the night i was born was a blood moon
i was born on arbor day , so plant a tree in my name
that's actually very sweet . i like that .
persona
my favorite tv show is friends.
my brother lives in england.
i've a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite food is sushi.
i own my own business.
persona II
i drink a lot of tea.
i hope to one day be a published author.
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
i work in a used book store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i'm great ! how are you ? what do you like to do for fun ?
i watch lots of tv do you
i like books more , like writing short stories . . . want to get published one day ! you ?
i go to my house in mexico a lot
is this a vacation home ? what do you like to do there ?
yeah its a timeshare haha
how are the museums in mexico ? i really love to check out the art in museums
they are nice have you had sushi
yes , i've ! do you like it ?
yeah it si my favorite ever
tea or coffee for you ? i prefer tea
tea for me i don't like coffee
good choice ! are you married ? any kids ?
neither of those what about you
persona
my favorite band is nickelback.
i'm catholic.
i don t know how to swim.
i just started working as a librarian.
i am a vegetarian.
persona II
i live in the mountains.
i know how to pilot a plane.
i don't own a television.
my hobby is photography.
i'm a lawyer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what kind of music are you into ?
i enjoy folk music . it is popular where i am from .
great , where are you from ?
the appalachian mountains in east tennessee . it is a beautiful place .
very cool . i live in clearwater florida .
oh , nice ! i have family in florida . i actually learned to pilot planes there .
do you enjoy the beaches here ?
i do , especially in the panhandle . the white sand is so beautiful .
i agree . i love the sunshine here as well .
yes , it is very nice . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a place filled with books .
hmm . . . either a bookstore or a library . . .
yes , i'm a librarian .
that's great ! i love to read . i'm an attorney .
how long does this hit go on ?
persona
i find joy in the littlest things.
i refuse to ride the bus.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
persona II
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i'm excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
i want to write a book before i die.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what music are you listening to
slipknot . i want to visit the pyramids
oh how exciting ! that would be great
yup . i would like to paint them or something . what do you like to do
i listen to a ton of music , honestly . it is my main pasttime
that is cool . i like art
what do you like to paint or draw ?
like billiards tables , or pyramids . i teach middle school art
how thrilling ! that must be a great job
its alright . they sometimes talk too much
well that is true at that age . i try to work as little as possible
yeah work is lame . i don't like needing money
lol it is lame but can still be a source of joy sometimes
i guess so ! i wanna draw a unicorn next . i like them although i'm an adult
that's random . they can bring joy too though !
persona
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i like to go to the movies.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
persona II
i m still single at the age of 35.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
my dog s name is wonwon.
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
hello there ! i am good other than 35 single . lol how are you ?
i'm busy ! i work 3 jobs so i'm always staying active .
i work two jobs ! i'm a teacher spanish drawing classes .
how old are your students ?
6th grade . they get tickled when i cannot say hippopotamus with my thick accent .
where is your accent from ?
japan . i moved here to teach high school about 12 years ago .
wow ! how do you like living here ?
i love it ! so does my dog , won won . where do you live ?
i live in a city so i walk a lot at least 2 miles a day
that is great for exercise !
yes , i try to walk everywhere . though i would love to get a ford mustang someday
i am much more of a chevy girl .
the mustang is my dream car , we can race haha !
persona
i love anime.
i draw comics.
i read a lot.
i love role play.
persona II
i love to play tennis.
i work as a lifeguard.
i love the chainsmokers.
i also love to travel.
my dad works offshore.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my name is yumi , and i enjoy anime and draw comics for my work
hello ! i'm a tennis player who enjoys travels , lifeguard worker dad works offshore
nice ! ! i like to read , about different topics . some of my friends call me an encyclopedia
lol , i bet you are fun to be around . do you have an eidetic memory
do you like to roll play ? i do ! ! with my friends .
i'm not really that big in it . do you have hobbies ?
well movies i love going to the movies
what genre is your fav ?
all sorts of genre . what about you ?
i mostly like romance . kinda a sucker for cinderella stories
aww ! ! did you see the movie that disney made about cinderella ?
oh yes , have you ever seen rogers and hammerstein one ? it is like a broadway .
i liked that version a lot
persona
i m dissatisfied with the school life i ve had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i have one close friend i grew up with.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
i worry about money even though i m in high school.
persona II
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
i m deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
my favorite color is red.
i really enjoy hiking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
i'm doing well . just having some tea . how about you ?
doing good just stressing over school , not a big fan . you ?
planning my next hiking trip . what are you in school for ?
still in high school my self but ready to get it over with .
i understand . do you enjoy hiking ?
yeah its fun me and my close friend go exploring all the time
i love it . i just hate when we run into snakes , i'm terrified of them !
oh yeah not a fan , so how old are you ?
i just turned 34 . its a great age . how old are you ?
17 but wish i could fast forward a few years to get my own house
i like having my own home , but it is a lot of work .
yeah but i am ready my parents are to strict on us
i had strict parents . unfortunately , it does not always stop when you move .
well it hopefully cant get any worse .
persona
i studied early childhood education in college.
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
i've a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
persona II
i like sports.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i prefer baseball over football.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon , i am trying to get this money
yeah , me too . but , i love sports more !
like puppies ? i do i love mine
lol , no more like i like foot ball over baseball . not pets
i'm in college for childhood
awesome . what is your favorite food ? i like pizza .
i like that too me an tiki
my favorite team is the nationals . how about you ?
i am a teacher already , what do you do ?
inbetween jobs now , i am just enjoying sports right now .
that is cool , like oldies music ?
yeah i do . not as often as i love eating pizza and watching the washington nationals play !
that sounds so cool to me
do you have any hobbies ?
not really just chatting an catching up on money
persona
both my parents are creative.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i dream of playing music for a living.
i'm a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
persona II
i love to cook.
i am looking for someone.
i have three dogs.
i enjoy fishing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing good you ?
tired , i've been studying all day trying to make some fresh beats
wow you a producer ? my 3 dogs got me tired haha
no i'm a student at the local university , what kind of dogs do you have ?
they're all bulldogs , i fish alot with my 3 boys
wow those are big dogs , how old are your kids ?
well i call my dogs boys haha , what you mean fresh beats ?
i make music in my spare time , i've to be creative in my family
cool so you do make music , what you taking up in school ?
i am perusing a degree in music degree
that is great , i am working becoming a chef , i enjoy cooking
i should learn how to do that but my dad looks down on it
persona
i like to eat spaghetti.
my newest car is a chevy.
i live in california.
i work at a power plant.
persona II
i'm a writer.
i just bought my first home.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i love to barbecue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'll try to make this fast for us lol
lol hows your day going
could be better . wild fires in california where i am from .
o wow yea i been busy unpacking i just bought my home
congrats ! i just bought a chevy . so that's nice .
yes i intend to celebrate doing a barbecue next friday
well that should be fun . i will be working at the powerplant here next weekend . no fun .
well hopefully you be off quick i've to start writing my new article also
sounds interesting . do you like spaghetti ? i do .
yes i do i like many different pasta dishes
me also . what are some other things you like ?
i like to go with my brothers hunting several times a year
fun ! i go hunting too . i enjoy it .
how long have you been going ?
ten years or so . i don't like the meat though . i donate it .
persona
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
persona II
i am a musician.
i like to play video games.
i've been working the same job for two years.
my favorite band is hop along.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
will you listen to me playing the drums ?
hi . sure . i am jamming out to hop along tonight . what are you doing ?
i am making pizza . listening to my main man drake
yum ! i am thinking of playing a bit of league of legends .
i do not follow that game
video games are awesome ! beats my sad job . two years and i'm bored .
what do you do if you do not mind me asking ?
i work at a recycling company . how about you ?
that's private sorry .
if i wasn't a musician in my spare time , i would go bonkers .
i bet . do you want to go to a restaurant with me ?
where do you want to go ? do you have a favorite food ?
pizza is my favorite . pizza hut maybe
persona
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
i enjoy horseback riding.
i am a full time mom.
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother to two beautiful boys.
persona II
i love to save money.
i am a couponed.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
i am great how are you ?
i am good dropped my kids off at school
that is great , how many do you have ?
3 little ones do you have kids
i've five but they are all married now
that's nice do you see them often
every weekend they come by to visit
that's so great i hope my kids do that when they're older
i am sure they will if they live close enough .
yeah that is true do you like the outdoors
absolutely i love to go camping during the week
i take the kids on family camping trips
those are the best , mine always loved our trips .
yeah its a great family bonding time
persona
i can play the violin.
i can t sing very well.
i love chocolate.
i'm from georgia.
i want to have two kids.
persona II
i own 3 cats.
i love candy.
i'm a very funny woman.
i deliver packages for a living.
i drive a honda car.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
great , got my weekly candy delivery today ! ! and you
i am well . do you all have chocolate . i love it .
chocolate is a favorite ! so many ways to eat it lol
yes . lol . where are you from ? i was born in georgia .
i was born in florida , so not far ! love the warm weather
florida is beautiful . i cannot wait to have kids . i want two .
okay , no kids here . . just 3 kitties . kids scare me lol
lol ! can you sing ? i am not very good at it .
oh no i am terrible . . . only in the shower do i sing lol
i sing only in the shower too . lol !
what kind of music do you like
i like gospel music . what about you ?
persona
i m originally from london , england.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
persona II
i've a very unhealthy diet.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello mate , how are you today
just eating some pizza rolls with a dr . pepper . what about you ?
hanging out in my room , in the dark .
that's more than a little strange
oh yea , where are you right now ?
i'm at home . trying to resist the urge to run around like a crazy person
i love the outdoors too ! i hope you aren't crazy
no not really . but i have excess energy
i think you might be going crazy . . .
my metabolism is just high . i'm stick thin
then eat some more food ! fish and chips are awesome !
i eat tons ! not very healthy food either
i've been eating a lot to deal with depression .
i am so sorry you are depressed . why are you ?
my parents both died in an automobile accident .
persona
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
persona II
i'm allergic to dust.
i only eat organic food.
i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i collect comic books.
i own two snakes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
i'm well today after cleaning , i have a dust allergy .
do you have any pets
i do ! two gorgeous snakes that are albinos . you ?
an adorable puppy whos super playful
how cute . what about hobbies ?
i like to cook what about you
i love comic books and i also collect autographs , which i have a lot of .
what autographs do you have
like celebrities . i've over two thousand of them so far .
wow how did you get these autographs
well , i book local shows for venues so i'm able to get them then .
that makes more sense what kind of food do you lik
persona
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i've a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
i coexist well with my husband.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
persona II
i have two tattoos.
i love to recycle.
i drive a large , blue van.
i am a hippie.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i am alright dude , how about you ? someone was mean to me today
really ? i feel the same way . i do not like anyone in my friend group
why not ? that does not sound fun
they just make me feel lost and far away from who i truly am
you could ride around in my big blue van
i wish , but i get busy all day with cross country and basketball practice with my boys
no , never mind . i wanted someone to go with me to get another tattoo
i am sure a middle aged mom of 2 high school boys is not the person for that haha
do you recycle ? i love that
my husband is big on recycling , so i try to . i like to coexist well with him
i love it so much . . your man sounds so cool .
he's pretty cool . good example to my boys
persona
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i always put my left sock on first.
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
persona II
i am a female.
i am very short.
i've 2 kids.
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i hate tomatoes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you doing today ?
not too good i can not reach the cabinet
i also have a sickness that prevents me from grabbing things up high
i'm sorry . i'm not sick just pregnant with twins
oh my god i just saw a spider i'm going to cry
use a tomato they taste awful but always fix my bug problems
i have also heard that praying helps . i also do it in the morning
pray for me i am in a wheelchair
of course ! my mother raised me alone and also taught me to pray
the twins are so heavy i can not get around without it
which sock do you usually put on first ?
i'm so short and in this wheelchair right now i just can not
oh wow , i always do the left one first for good luck
it must be nice i've always been short so it used to be easy
i'm about 7 feet tall so that makes it difficult as well
persona
i work as a english teacher.
i'm a mother of two daughters.
my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
persona II
i drink lots of iced tea.
i teach first grade.
i married my high school sweetheart.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i love to go shopping.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? my name is eve
hey eve . i am online shopping atm so good haha .
i'm a english teacher
i also teach . wow small world .
oh wow that is awesome . i love telling stories to people . so i enjoyed my job
i am glad to hear that eve . what are your hobbies ?
i've two children . i'm rising on my own . my husband died a few years ago
that must be extremely difficult .
it is difficult but a mom has to do what a mom has to do
i can understand that completely more power to you
thank you ! how is your sunday
relaxing , i am enjoying some pepperoni pizza and netflix . and you ?
i'm working . its all good though
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve .
and too you too
persona
i live near a park.
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have any children.
i don't have a car.
persona II
i am in preschool.
i like to play outside.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i am a girl.
i like to dance.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i wish i had a car so we could visit
that would be fun . i love to dance and play ball outside .
well the park is close by . we could meet there
ok , we could . i am female and in preschool ; my mom is monitoring my chat .
oh well i have no kids so maybe not
do you like animals ? my fav is zebra .
i like dogs . my hair is purple ! my favorite color .
wow . i am still young , but i am a savant in math .
that must be hard to be so smart
it makes me lonely sometimes . do you have siblings ?
i am an only child . so i was lonely
sad . what do you do for fun ?
i run in the park and watch the ducks
persona
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
i love dogs.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
persona II
i'm learning to play the piano.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i love scary movies.
i am allergic to cats.
i'm a member of the ymca.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! do you have any pets ?
oh gracious no ! i've a severe cat allergy . do you ?
oh yes , i have 2 dogs moe and minnie . my babies
i wish i had no allergies so i could have pets . i do enjoy them !
my mom is allergic to dogs , so i understand . how is your day going
alright . just got my hair cut ! i love to keep it short . how is your day ?
busy . just on my lunch break . we had two different sick boa constrictors today
what do you do for work ?
i'm an assistant for a vet . you ?
retired but i keep busy learning to play the piano and going to the ymca
very cool . i play the trombone . nice portable instrument .
definitely . it sounds so neat ! i also watch a lot of horror movies .
yikes . too scary for me . and for my dogs .
persona
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
i like to bake brownies.
i've freckles.
persona II
i read three books a week.
i dropped out of high school.
i love to read.
i can read in english and french.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello hows you night going ?
me night is going good !
mine too ! i made brownies , so everything is great , lol
i read a book so i am feeling smarter !
lol well brownies make everything better , wish i could give you some lol
wish you could read me shakespeare . i like reading . i like poetry .
in school i always wanted to be juliet , but i've too many freckles
thus with a kiss i die i am sure you could that part even with freckles
lol , how funny ! i'd probably laugh too much if i were in a play
i never finished school so now i act in adult plays
fun . i'm self employed , so i lounge around in flip flops all day
persona
i sell clothing on facebook.
my hair is curly and dark.
i don't like to clean house.
i have two children.
persona II
i'm in school to be a computer engineer.
my passion is in programming.
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
i go to bed pretty late.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing good , how are you ?
good , just selling some clothes on facebook .
oh , i sometimes list my clothes on facebook when i cant sleep .
when i cant sleep i clean the house , i usually hate it .
i always end up going to bed late . what do you enjoy ?
i've two kids , i enjoy spending time with them . how about you ?
i love programming , so much so i'm in school to be a computer engineer
that sounds amazing . i know nearly nothing about it .
you should look into it . hoping i can own my own company one day .
i hope you can , i would like to be my own boss .
i hope so too . me and my best friend together .
my best friend is blonde with straight hair and i've dark curly hair .
that is cool . my best friend has dark curly hair too . his boyfriend loves it
nice , how long have you been best friends ?
persona
i wear dingy clothes.
i'm a weirdo.
i've blue and orange hair.
i ride a skateboard.
persona II
i hope to retire to florida.
i played in a band for 17 years.
i own my own music store.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day to you sir
good day , i am a ma am . i've ownership of a music store .
no kidding , have you heard of itunes ? it will ruin your day .
lol . i got my love of music from listening to my parents sing in church choir .
i wish i had that positive influence . then maybe i wouldn't ride skateboard .
so i then played in my own band for 17 long years .
very musical life ! i just have gross orange and blue hair for some reason .
skateboards are fun . i plan to skateboard often when i retire to florida .
will you still be in a band ?
oh , all skateboarders must have orange and blue hair . that's lovely .
even in retirement in florida ?
of course ! you only live once , right ?
absolutely this is true . my clothes are also not great .
why are your clothes not great ?
they are dingy which is i think a kind of boat ?
persona
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i'm bipolar.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm a mother of three.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
persona II
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i like to smell my own farts.
i am from san fransisco.
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
my beer gut is so huge i haven't seen my feet in two years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening assuming its evening where you are .
yeah , i am in san fransisco . out on a beer run right now .
hope you aren't texting and driving , . .
no , its all the idiots who do that . so what do you know ?
actually , i was wondering whats for dinner tonight . your dinner , i mean . just curious .
beer . perfect for dinner . my gut tells me it is plenty of calories .
your gut would be right about that . oddly , i never learned to like beer myself .
dude , its the best beverage . so what do you like ?
as far a liquor goes ? vodka . rum . and . . . . brown sugar bourbon !
cool . know any wierd facts ? i hear smelling farts prevents cancer .
tell me you are joking ! but farts are better than cancer .
yeah dude , and mine are pretty radical . so where you from ?
new hampshire . or new hampsha , as we pronounce it .
persona
i'm a 43 year old woman.
my hair is short and pink.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i love to travel.
persona II
we help each other out in my family.
i despise my boss.
i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , how are you ?
i am good hope you are well .
i am . getting ready to settle in for the night , i am an otr trucker .
i am looking for another job . i do not like my boss .
traveling is my first love , this is a perfect way for me to see the country .
i love to travel wish i had more money
i dye my short hair pink , so i don't have to waste money in the salon .
my family takes turns helping each other out
that's very nice . i don't have any close family . you are very lucky .
what kind of music do you like ?
i love rap . tupac rules . how about you ?
i was so in love with him when i was younger geez
i was too . still am if i were honest with myself , lol
persona
i visit india often.
i want to be an explorer.
i don't like my job.
i'm an athlete.
persona II
i enjoy classical music.
regular life disappoints me.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing tonight
i'm okay . living this hum drum life of mine is disappointing
i feel your pain . i hate my job but i get to travel to india often .
that's awesome . i really want to travel to space . i wonder what its like
oh wow cool ! i rather be an explorer . dreams man dreams .
hey me too . exploring life as an animal would be pretty cool
i know ! but being an athlete pays more . so got to take the bad with the good .
your an athlete eh ? what do you play
basketball . that is why i get to travel internationally for my job sometimes .
i bet that is fun . i love classical music so i got to the opera house alot
oh nice ! i never been to a opera house before .
you gotta go at least once . i believe there is one in india . check it out
i'll definitely next trip . you play sports or have any other hobbies ?
persona
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
persona II
i am an only child.
my favorite color is red.
i'm a student.
i've a pet dog.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
hi i am doing great . kind of bored here
where are you right now
at home and no one to play with because i have no siblings
that is too bad do you have any games
trying to play one right now but i've a dog i love so much
that is cute go play with your dog
i will do that after playing my game
that is a great idea do you have a job
i'm currently a college student what about you ?
i am working to open my own business
good to hear . i hope to do that when i am out of school
what kind of business do you want
persona
i'm a father.
i like basketball.
i work many hours.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
persona II
i'm a woman.
i've several children.
we have a dog.
we live in a rural area.
my parents are still married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
pretty good , my kids are playing at the moment
that is good i recently became a father
congratulations , i am a mom of 4 and one dog
that is a big family . i have to work overtime now hardly ever home
i understand that . we live on a rural road . my husband travels to work
that is hard sometimes . do you like listening to music
mostly in the car but my parents love to sing .
i can listen to imagine dragon over all day .
i do not know if i have ever heard them
they are pretty good you might like them .
possible , i listen to everything from 80s to country
i like both of those genres . it was nice talking to you
persona
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
persona II
i like ice cream.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm taking courses online.
i am engaged.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi do you eat bacon
yes i love it almost as much as i love ice cream and my fiance .
i have a house on the moon , you should come visit someday
i just got engaged and we had bacon and ice cream . how about that .
big deal , i rode on a turtles back
yes i'll go visit as soon as this course i am taking online is over .
i hear you just bought a luxury spaceship to fly thru space
oh yeah ! well i've two fiances but i work for a cab company .
2 fiances , that's double the fun , good for you
i am a contractor for them but i moonlight as a time traveler .
i think i seen you in a 1970s movie , you a crazy nugget !
yes i played the ice cream man in a few classics . those were the days .
pizza , pizza , and more pizza , the solution to all problems .
i love pizza too . just like bacon and ice cream . put them all together .
if you don't watch yourself you can get a stroke from all that salt
persona
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i love dogs.
i m a photographer.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
persona II
i live in a big city.
i just graduated college.
my major was american literature and education.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello have you heard any good jokes lately ?
i have not , have you heard any ?
no i was at a bar last week with friends , but no good jokes
that sounds like fun ! i like to go hiking on the weekends
my dogs would probably love to go on a hike but i never take them
you should ! exercise is important for dogs
do you have any dogs ?
i do not , i would like to though . fresh out of college ,
not a good time to have a pet , i have four dogs they keep me busy
i imagine they would . i live in the city too , not the best for pets
i have a tattoo of all my dogs on my arm
that's dedication right there
yes i love my dogs
what are your dogs names ?
pepper , precious , panda , and pixie
persona
i have no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.
i'm a savage.
persona II
i like watching ufc fights.
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you ? i'm trying to figure out technology . no skills at all .
hey , hi ! oooo , i'm really bad . i'm only good at assembling parts .
oh really . i am stuck in decades ago due to living remotely .
i work in a toothpick factory . . . not much technology going on there either ! !
do u like it ? i do tend to like my work farming i enjoy the outdoors .
hate it ! ! but it allows me to travel a lot so i put up with it .
do u have any hobbies
i love to drive out on the weekends with my son . you ?
sweet ! i like to play darts . my friends keep saying i am savage , whatever that means .
ll , not more savage than ufc fights that i watch . my son loves the blood !
have u ever been to a ufc fight ?
no ! but i play darts on my sons wii . . . only game i can beat him at .
he must be really good at gaming .
it does not take much to be better than me , but yea he loves it .
where are you from . . . i'm from okla
persona
i have found the cure for the common cold.
i'm plotting on taking over the world.
my nickname is bubblegum.
i love to sing in the shower.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
persona II
kpop is my favorite music.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i enjoy video games.
i work at a hotel overnight.
i write in my spare time.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i'm stephen . how are you today ?
i'm good just playing some video games .
oh fun ! i'm planning on someday ruling the world , so that is appropriate !
ha ha ! what do you do in your spare time ? i write sometimes .
writing is cool . i am a big fan of singing in the shower .
that is fun too ! any favorite foods ? i like junk food too much
no real favorite foods but i have a nickname which is bubblegum .
cool nick name ! mine is princess
ah your majesty ! guess what ? i discovered the secret to curing the common cold
nice ! can you share it please !
not yet . have to patent it first , sorry . do you have siblings ?
i do ! my sister works with me . nights at a hotel .
that's nice . family is important . i have one brother .
yes it is ! what kind of music do you like ? mine is kpop
i like a lot of genres . probably first would be jazz .
persona
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i ca sim very fast.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i love to run.
persona II
i like to make short films.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i've traveled overseas many times.
i've been on the tv news six times.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i am joan and i love to cook . how about you ?
hi . not much of a cook but i like to much documentaries
oh ! i love documentaries . what kind do you watch ?
sorry , i like to make them . typically on wars , i am a war correspondent
interesting . what parts of the world have you been to ?
mostly the middle east , but also africa . i travel frequently . do you ?
no . but i write so i am a mental traveler
that is very cool . do you write fiction ?
contemporary romance and paranormal romance . do you read ?
wow , paranormal romance ! like twilight ? i love to read , but mostly non fiction
not vampires so much but celtic mythology
definitely a topic i know nothing about ! do you come from a celtic heritage ?
i do . irish , english , scottish , and welch . and you ?
middle eastern for the most part
nice . there's some rich mythology there .
persona
my favorite food is sushi.
i graduated with a nursing degree.
helping people makes me happy.
we have two kids.
my husband is a firefighter.
persona II
i live in my parent s basement.
i work in a flower shop.
i like cats.
i read a lot of used books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! i just got back from my favorite sushi bar
do you like sushi , i'm not a fan
it is only my favorite food in the whole world
my cat would probably like it .
and if it gets sick i can put my nursing degree to use helping it back
do you work as a nurse ?
indeed , and my husband is the big strong firefighter
ha sounds much more exciting than my work .
wee plugging up bullet holes can be called many things . exciting for sure
i arrange flowers for a living .
that's so sweet , helping people in that way would make me so happy
i do what i can , nothing on your level though .
well nothing is more important than my two kids .
i am single , live at my parents in the basement .
that's fine , such is so common these days
persona
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
persona II
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i'm currently traveling in japan.
i can speak three languages.
i'ven t gone home in over two years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello hope you are having a better day than i am .
i am having a good time here in japan . what is wrong ?
my girlfriend says she wants to leave me . japan is cool
i travel the world and never rest . you'll find new love .
thanks for the hope . hope you are having fun
i'm . my work allows for extensive world travels . i'm lucky .
i would like to travel but i just enjoy john grisham movies .
i read his books in french , german , and english . i miss my home though .
where is your home . i do not like the grisham books as much as the movies
in new jersey . i never see movies because i'm on the move .
i understand that . i used to travel with my parents . they were in politics
i wrote some computer code for obama a few years ago .
that is interesting . my parents discovered that politicians are evil
they sure are . that is why i deal with computers . it is easier .
i agree . i don't have to wear pants when i work on the computer
persona
i enjoy playing tennis.
i love animals.
green is my favorite color.
my father worked for ge.
i'm an aspiring singer.
persona II
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i am colorblind.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i am a volunteer firefighter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i just love the color green . its my favorite color
why do you love it
its . just a beautiful and peaceful color .
oh i see . are you a designer
no singing is my thing . i plan to go on american idol !
that is nice . what genre do you enjoy
i am a country and western singer .
are you free the country
yes i curently live in a small town in oklahoma
the storms were down there
yes me and my animals had to move to higher grounds
persona
i'm divorced and looking to date.
i've two children , a boy and a girl.
i work at an insurance firm.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
persona II
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
i have 3 science classes.
i commute by bus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you ?
i am doing very well , now that i am off work . how are you ?
i am also great thanks , do you work ? i am an insurance broker
i am in college and work in the library .
the library seems a calm place to work , are you married ?
no , i live with my parents still . i do not even have a car . you ?
recently divorced but currently looking for a date , no children i am guessing ?
no , i am a science major . i do not have time to even date .
your time will come , i have a boy and a girl . any particular field in science ?
i'm thinking about geology , or animal sciences . . . maybe marine biology .
good luck whichever you choose . so how do you spend your free time ?
i go geocaching . what do you like to do ?
geocaching seems awesome , i spend most free time looking after my grandmother
persona
i hate the taste of fish.
i've 23 cats at home.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i like to paint.
persona II
i'm quiet but confident.
i m not really a blond.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i think food trucks are awesome.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello my favorite hobby in the world is painting . . whats yours ?
i love to eat . especially at food trucks !
i love food trucks but anything that's not fish sadly bad experiences
do you have any family ?
i've over 20 cats and am an only child . . my parents live out of state
lots of cats ! my parents passed away . brother took care of me .
aww that's awesome big brother . . i foster most so there's a big turn around
do you like to explore new places ?
i travel on cruises regularly my favorite was the australia trip
wow . sounds awesome i do not go far . i freak out about parking .
oh i hate traffic and crowded parking lots myself . do you have any hobbies
not really . just a quiet , shy person . and you ?
painting mostly but trying to grasp photography
i'm no good at taking pictures . cut off lots of heads !
i do not do people i do landscapes and scenery for inspiration
persona
pink is my favorite color.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
my mother is dead.
persona II
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
i love cooking !.
my mother is from greece.
my favourite colour is green.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ?
doing pretty good what are your weekend plans ?
whatever my husband wants to do . its our anniversary .
how many years ?
20 . we were high school sweethearts .
www . . . we just celebrated our 40th anniversary .
how lovely ! any plans this weekend for you ?
i am cooking a big meal , love greek food
my mother used to have a home in greece , did you live there ?
wow my mother did too . she lives in the states now
mine passed a few years ago . she came here before i was born .
persona
i've three dogs at home.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i am very good at the drums.
i have a bicycle.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
persona II
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
my mother met elvis.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
not so good , trying to hustle some money for bills
i see do you have a job
yes but my hours got cut and i do not make enough
sorry do you have any kids
no thank goodness , its just been hard since i been on my own
do you play instruments sometimes ?
no but i love elvis , my mom met him so she's a big fan too !
very cool he ai not nothing but a hounddog
ha ha yeah ! my mom passed away so i been on my own since 14
speaking of hounddogs i've 3 suppers
oh wow cool ! i want to get a dog
do you workout and stuff ?
persona
i like to make cookies.
i like to train dogs.
i like bagels with everything on them.
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to run.
persona II
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
cookie , i like cookies , also making them !
me too , i just moved to sweden , awesome cookies here !
training dogs is something i like to do !
i like dogs ! and i like hiking .
bagel with everything , that's what i really like
ha ! the bagels are good here , but i keep losing them . i forget things .
coke is what i drink , it is my favorite !
i feel like i am losing my mind !
keep going ! running is what i really like though , i run and like it !
i like to hike on glaciers .
i love to create biscuits
persona
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i like to hunt.
i am thin.
i love the tigers baseball team.
persona II
i like to watch people pray together.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! hows is hanging ?
pretty good and how about you ?
doing great just got back from hunting and settling down with baseball !
sounds interesting . just left the gym myself
i'm thin myself , sitting back and watching walking dead and the tigers
i stay in shape by putting on some christian electronic dance and hitting the tread mill .
wow that's interesting ! maybe i'll try that out when hunting
we did a prayer service for the poor this am . some think i am obsessed .
that is good of ya , sometimes we all need a little prayer , like tigers baseball
yeah i worry alot about what they're going to do ! maybe my apps will help .
your apps ? maybe they could try being a extra on walking dead
cell apps to help with the worlds troubles . you know real ones .
interesting . would be nice if were as easy as baseball
persona
i work 9 to 5 job.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
persona II
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
i'm a woman.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
my favorite band is radiohead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning ! today is my day off from my job that's 9 to 5 . you ?
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
great . i am cooking and i like doing that . do you ?
i enjoy cooking though my husband is better .
how about baking ? hopefully i can open a bakery when i retire .
i do like to bake . especially dog treats for my two small dogs .
cute ! did your family ever own a restaurant ? mine owned a small one .
no though we own a small marketing consulting agency . are you married ?
i'm . my husband volunteers with me when i go to the soup kitchen . you ?
yes i'm married . we enjoy going to radiohead concerts .
i forgot you mentioned your husband earlier ! any kids ?
no someday we hope . you ?
none yet . we hope to have 6 . do you have anything interesting to tell me ?
persona
i'm in high school apart of the school band.
music has always been my number one passion.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
persona II
my favorite band is one direction.
i love to hike in the summer.
my name is mary and i am from colorado.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to ski in the winter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
hi , i'm great thanks , yourself ?
just fine , thank you . i am listening to some tones . what are you up to ?
cool ! what are you listening to ? i am listening to one direction
oh i should listen to them soon . it has been a while . ed sheeran
ed sheeran is great ! so whats your name ?
i am in bad so i get many names
cool ! my name is mary . where are you from ?
you have probably heard of my school before . i am very organized . are you ?
i am not very organized , i am spontaneous .
do you have a favorite person ? is he or she spontaneous ?
not really , do you have a favourite person ?
my mom ! she has taken so good care of me
good to hear ! do you have any hobbies ?
just playing in the band . do you have any hobbies ?
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i like long walks on the beach.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
persona II
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i like movies based on comedies.
i am a ballet dancer.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you doing today ?
i'm goo dhow are you
not so bad , just listening to music . how about you ?
just getting back from dance class
oh that is cool . what music genera of music do you dance to ?
i'm a ballerina so mostly classical
wow , my favorite is pop , but i can appreciate that
that is good to listen to
yeah . what is your favorite color ?
i like blue what food do you eat
wow we have the same favorite color . anything home cooked
i love hamburgers when i am not practicing for a show
cool , what kind of show
my dance show i'm practicing fo rone now
oh , well that makes sense . do you watch any tv ?
persona
i live in alabama.
i've twelve kids.
i have blonde hair.
i am obese.
persona II
my name is arnold.
i also love orange juice.
i like to watch tv.
i am 10 years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you this evening ?
hi , i am ok , how about you ?
doing well . where are you from . i'm in alabama
i'm from new jersey , i'm arnold
nice to meet you arnold . i am cindy , i am tall with long blonde hair .
welcome cindy , now my age is 10 years
oh wow my youngest one is 10 years old and he's my twelfth kid .
my hobbies is watching televison , and listening music
i tend to watch television a lot now that extremely overweight .
i like orange juice and pizza , what about you ?
i love pizza but my favorite are tacos .
fine , which class you studied
i majored psychology . then went on to criminal psychology .
persona
i collect bugs in jars.
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i build my own computers.
i ran for political office in 2004.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
persona II
i don t drive.
my mom is a nurse.
i have three tattoos.
i never knew my dad.
i work at a bookstore.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
driving is not in my vocabulary , tattoos are fine , three on me
what do you do for work ? i am a mechanic
good and you ? can you talk about my dad ?
sure , what would you like to tell me about your dad ?
i'm not familiar with my dad
have you ever met your dad ?
the book store is where i work
what kind of books do you sell ?
yeah , my dad is great i think .
why do you think he's great ?
my mother work as a nurse
have you ever been in the military ? i was when i was younger
persona
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i work many hours.
i like basketball.
i m from texas.
i'm a father.
persona II
i've an eyebrown piercing.
both of my parents are teachers.
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i've three roommates.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today
i have headache , but good . i work at starbucks
why do you have a headache
screaming kid , and my roommates arguing
that's a lot of annoying things
it is living with three people and a toddler i am baby sitting doesn't help .
that is a lot of people
yeah , my parents are teachers and they work as high school teachers .
that must be great . i bet they have time for family .
yeah in the summer time . my sister and i are in a grunge band
that sounds like a lot of fun .
it is and i have an eyebrow piercing too .
can you wear it to work
yeah it is starbucks it is not so bad
things have changed from when i was younger
persona
since young i've loved fashion.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
persona II
i am constantly drinking.
if i'm not drinking , i'm thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i cannot hold down a job for very long.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there . are you into fashion ?
not really are you ?
ever since i was a young girl ! i am in school for it now !
i like to go to bars and clubs , i could use some new clothes .
you could come hang with me in ny and i will doll you up !
yes we can go for a few drinks in ny .
and go shopping in all the stylish stores !
i'm not working right now so i'm available to come to ny anytime .
when i become a fashion designer you can be my assistant and make me coffee !
i don't know about coffee , i can make you a great martini .
we will create a special coffee martini and call it the coco chanel !
yes that would be great ! when can i come visit ?
after i stop using exclamation points ! ! ! ! !
persona
not a day goes by that i do not drink four mountain dews.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
my favorite hobby is chess.
sometimes , i've sword fights with strangers in the park.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
my brother used to be in the navy.
i love game of thrones.
i like soccer.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i'm delightful . i just heated up some leftover vegan mashed potatoes and they are perfect
ll , nice . i would be willing to try that with some mountain dew .
can i tell you the awful joke i just heard ?
haha sure . what is it ?
my dad threw a milk carton at me today how dairy !
ll , that is pretty awful . do you like chess ?
i've not played chess in years
www . you should get back into it ! its my favorite .
my dad has a reeeeaaallly nice chess set i grew up playing .
nice . yeah , i've this beautiful marble set .
that is really cool . are you a soccer fan ?
i follow football more than soccer .
persona
i've an older brother.
i live in the city.
i work in a bookstore.
i love my girlfriend.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i've an 18 year old son.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i love animals.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing ? i live in cleveland , you ?
hi there i live in wisconsin .
nice ! i've lots of books about wisconsin in my store . what do you do ?
i used to be a stay at home mom but my son just moved out .
now what do you do ? i'd travel if that were me .
i keep busy volunteering walking dogs and some petition work . have you been to wi ?
my girlfriend and i did a weekend getaway up there the last time we were in chicago .
awesome . i heard they have a great vegan restaurant in chicago , my favorite !
they have a lot of great restaurants in chicago ! my older brother lives there .
i wish they had them here . it is hard finding ready made vegan dishes .
you can make your own and freeze , that is what my girlfriend does .
me too ! great time saver . my dog tries to steal scraps . you have pets ?
we don't , our apartment is way too small for a pet .
persona
i like to play tennis.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite musical is hamilton.
my favorite color is red.
my favorite food is a burger.
persona II
i don t like being asked a lot of questions.
i think about food a lot.
i don t like when people get too close to me.
i've a shopping addiction.
i love the forest.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi do you wanna play tennis ?
sure , what else do you play ?
that s all i play , been overtime work at work , accountant
i like to shop that's my sport of choice .
how about music ? have you heard of hamilton ?
you could say i'm addicted .
how about foods ? burger is the best
i love food , like a lot i think of food all the time .
what else do you do
i work from home , and i walk in the forest a lot
do you like it that way ?
yes , i love it because i do have to talk to people .
how long you work a day ?
i'm an introvert , how loves food lol
oh , it isn't showing at all
persona
i like to paint.
i'm a vegan.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i have 23 cats at home.
i hate the taste of fish.
persona II
i hate to lose.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
my father died when i was 2.
i have blue eyes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
okay , i suppose . a little mad because i lost a game of cards .
oh i'm sorry i try to paint when i'm upset it is very relaxing
i usually to to the lake to calm down . i'm a fisherman .
i don't like to eat fish but i did travel the world on a boat
that sounds cool ! did you go with your family ?
no i had to leave my 23 cats that i rescued at home
you have 23 cats ? ? is there enough room ?
oh we have plenty of room i live a simple life
i like simple life , too . what is your favorite time of the year ?
i am vegan so i love summer so i can grow my own food
yes , summer is nice . spring is the best , to me , everything is waking up .
that is a wonderful time of year also
persona
i love to eat eggplant.
i ve been married five times.
i smoke a pipe.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
persona II
i m allergic to cats.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i love to have my nails done.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i've one little boy named owen.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi just got home from the bar that i own
do you know any meds for allergies ?
i've heard of allegra but that is all i know
beauty pageants , i did joined several times
neat eggplant is one of my favorite foods
wow , that s my husband favorite he is a lawyer
my fifth wife made the best dish with eggplant
i do my own nail , and my child is owen
nice i have a bad habit of smoking a pipe
my son likes cats , ut i get sick because of allergy
oh no i've a cat named radar
do you like radar being around ?
yes , he's a good cat . i'm not allergic
persona
we live in a rural area.
i've several children.
i am a woman.
my parents are still married.
persona II
i love spicy food.
i like swimming.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
i'm an only child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you ?
i am fine just playing with my one and only son and you ?
oh . i've three kids . all girls .
cool . do they swim ? i love to swim
one of them is on the swim team at her school .
now that is cool i swam a lot in mexico and europe too
oh . where do you live ?
i live here in the usa but just got back from a world trip with my son
oh . i live in a rural town in nc .
wow do you ever go to the city ?
yeah , every now and then .
my step sister lives there .
i only have one brother . he lives with my parents .
i am the oly child
my brother is older than me .
persona
i'm a vegan.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i've 23 cats at home.
persona II
i'm a teacher.
i like to work puzzles.
i love country music.
my dad worked for home depot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi names barbra and i started to become vegan 2 years ago
hello , barbara . i'm mia and love working puzzles .
oh cool ! ! i am a painter , and paint murals . i enjoy it
that's so creative ! i work at home depot , like my dad .
is that what you want to do for the rest of your life ?
sure , it is a good job . i oversee all the stores in four states .
i detest the taste of fish . yet my cats love it and i am 23 .
i love fish . fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw are my favorite .
yeah , i want to travel , in a boat around the world .
that sounds fun . i have always wanted to do that myself .
yeah ! ! we could go together that would be an adventure
that would be very nice . i will bring my camera .
sounds like we have a plan ! d
when are we going ? do you have a boat yet ?
next year some times in may ? what do you say ?
persona
i m italian american.
i paint with watercolors.
my favorite color is blue.
i hate cleaning.
i work in finance.
persona II
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello enjoying ribs but distaste cleaning
hi , i'm enjoying a delicious hotdog with a refreshing pepsi .
nice i work for citi financial so this is my splurge
awesome , i am a librarian so i am enjoying my weekend off .
i paint in my free time i love watercolors
i like to bird watch in my free time , especially on weekends .
i'm new to america i'm from italy hence i love ribs
welcome to america , i love hotdogs like many americans do .
well i also want to dye my tips blue to match my nails
i wish i could dye my hair , but i can
it would be more highlights then full dye
i'm a librarian , so i can't dye my hair but if i could , i would .
well paint your nails i can't grow nails
i'll paint my nails . having nails makes it easier to turn book pages .
mine are so brittle
persona
i can do convincing bird calls.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i like to make my own clothes.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
persona II
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i am very skinny and energetic.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how is your life going ?
life been good still livin u ?
chirp chirp ! did you think i was a bird ?
that's funny but no i didn't
danit . i have been told that i have lifelike bird calls
i think it may be the texts that throw it off
maybe . do you read any good books ?
i read when i am able to find the time
ya i stay busy too . . . making clothes . . . for myself
you make your own clothes
yes . yes i do . and i look fantastic in them
wow makin clothes sounds so creative
i am . i make clothes and talk to birds
persona
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
my number is 42.
i joined a new team last month.
i am a goalie.
persona II
i've one sister.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i was born in san francisco.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i'm good thanks and you ?
i'm doing well . where are you from ?
i am not sure . i play pro soccer
you are not sure ? i am from san francisco . that's really cool you must be good
yeah i am the goalie its lonely
haha i bet . i work with pharmaceuticals
what is your favorite number ?
uh , i do not really have one . lol i do love labrador retrievers though
do you play any sports ?
persona
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
i just bought a new mansion.
persona II
i always put my left sock on first.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am new to this area just bought a mansion
welcome to the neighborhood ! i cannot go to high altitude because of a condition
i'm sorry to hear that i love the mountains !
do you like creatures ? i get so scared of spiders !
i love all creatures . what is your occupation ?
respiratory therapist ! my mother worked two jobs while raising me alone .
i see i come from poverty but now i am a big rapper !
well that is great for you !
i live in japan . have you ever been ?
never . are you spiritual ? i pray for my family to god .
i thank god for my rapping career and huge mansion
do you have any habits ? my left sock must always go on first !
i have to carry my lucky pen wherever i go !
is that the pen you write your dope rhymes with ?
yes only the best . my mentor is frank ocean
persona
i grew up on a farm.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
on weekends i go out with friends.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
persona II
i do not work.
i hate tacos.
i like to swim.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i am bald.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , how are you ?
hey , how is it going ?
things are good . i'm eating breakfast of eggs and bacon .
oh nice , that sounds good . i usually have cereal for breakfast , but with chocolate milk .
i like milk . i get mine fresh from the source since i live on a farm
i have heard farm life is hard , especially waking up early everyday .
on weekends i hang out with friends so it is not too bad .
my weekends are the only time i get to the pool and get some swimming done .
swimming sounds fun . i never learned . do you work ?
no i am not working at this moment , taking time to explore my options . you ?
the farm is my job . i've here since my family moved when i was 18
do you think you will be a farmer for life ?
its all i know so yeah .
persona
i'm only 5 foot tall.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
i have a thick full beard.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
my parents are in there 80 s.
persona II
i have an older brother.
i love my girlfriend.
i dyed my hair pink.
i work in a bookstore.
i live in the city.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing today ?
hello , i am doing very well . my girlfriend and i are going to visit my bro .
oh wow i have 8 brothers . we visit each other all the time .
i only have one , he's older than i . i work in his bookstore .
i can not imagine having only one . must have been really quiet at your house .
it was not , all of our friends hung out here . it was the greatest .
oh wow , i'm the shortest out of all eight . so they bullied me .
i get that sometimes due to my pink hair .
i love pink . mine is red like the sunset .
my girlfriend is a redhead too , she has grey eyes .
she must be really pretty . i've a thick red beard but no girlfriend .
she's very pretty . do you date ?
no , nobody wants to date a 5 foot tall redhead .
lol . i'm a 5 foot tall girl with pink hair , it is hard .
for a girl that'sn't so bad and pin hair is so cool .
persona
i like to play tennis.
my dad is a veteran.
i love watching funny movies.
i listen to all kinds of music.
my favorite color is green.
persona II
i do not like acting.
i've 3 ex wives.
my father was a famous actor.
i do not like kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love its about to be fall !
yeah ? why do you love fall ?
i love green an i love playing tennis !
do you play tennis with your significant other ?
no with my dad he is a veteran .
my dad is an actor
i love to laugh at funny movies ! is he in any ?
yeah , but i do not watch them i hate the idea of acting
oh really ? why ? do you like music instead ? i like music
no one of my 3 wives did so i don't like it much now
i like fall because of the colors !
i do not like fall because of halloween , i hate kids
wow why do you hate kids lol you are craaaaaazzzzzzzzyyy
persona
my favorite drink is red wine.
i enjoy gardening.
i have one child.
i work for a clothes retailer.
persona II
i eat too much fast food.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i am a national guard officer.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening ! i just got my child to bed . lets chat !
well we can do this quick so you can relax my friend .
right on ! i got my glass of red wine . its my fav .
yum ! i am eating fast food , yet again !
sigh , me too . i do designing for a clothing retailer . what do you do ?
on my good days , a national guard officer . other days , a normal person .
very cool . i spend my free time gardening . i enjoy it .
i love the winters , and lots of snow .
me too ! can't wait for cooler weather !
although my volkswagon is probably not as excited as i'm about the snow .
we just got a new ford focus .
i had one before . was good to me .
this one is more computer than car !
that has to be cool and irritating at the same time .
it can be . it was a bit of a learning curve .
persona
i'm a poet.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
i am the head of the gun club.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
persona II
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
i am a digital artist.
my favorite author is stephen king.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , i write poetry and some call me poetry sam !
that is interesting that you write poetry ! my husband is an author .
wow maybe we can collaborate together . i donate my old clothes to a shelter
i also donate to thrift stores , where i find stephen king books
my clothes goes to the homeless shelters . i also am the leader of the gun club
interesting . i'm an artist mostly on the computer
wow that is cool . my friends and i go golfing on sunny days . do you play sports
no . i spend time taking care of my twin girls .
aww how old are they ?
they are five years old , so i read stephen king when they sleep .
wow . they're in kindergarten
yes . have you been to france or canada ?
canada i have , niagara falls
persona
i try to watch what i eat.
pizza is my favorite.
i enjoy eating italian food.
i am east asian.
my name is tom.
persona II
i love pandas.
i'm a vegetarian.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i am starting a new juicing bar.
i love to surf.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how are ya doing ?
i'm just petting some pandas
haha pandas are my favorite animal !
me to they're so soft and fluffy
and they sleep and eat all day ! haha
do you eat meat ? i do not
i love meat ! especially in italian food . whats your favorite food ?
veggie burgers , i only eat plants
veggie burgers are not too bad . i also try to eat healthy so good call !
yea after working with animals back when a i surfed i just cant anymore
you used to surf ? that's pretty cool ! i am afraid of open water actually haha
yea i love it , i also am starting a juice bar
wow a fancy juice sounds so good right now ! haha
its very good for you , full of nutrients
you know what they say , health is wealth !
persona
i love animals and like working with them.
i'm a history buff.
i am in a local theater company.
i'm engaged to be married.
persona II
i am a business man.
i'm a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i have 3 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , hello ! if you were an animal , what would you be ?
a tiger . i love felines .
i'd be a housecat . i love cats . i like working with cats .
me too ! my three daughters say the same thing . they learn fast . lol
i tried out for cats at my local theater . i got a minor role .
my wife would have gone . she was in chemo at the time , remember ?
i had not heard . i always have my nose buried in a history book .
that is so true , and i am always working on a business deal . lol
my fiance might be interested in doing business with you .
awesome ! you know i love opportunities . . . and karate black belt !
i should look up the history of karate . . .
it was the only thing that got me through the chemo for my wife
my cat is here , seeking attention .
persona
my favorite food is steak.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i don't know how to swim.
my grandpa was in wwii.
i own a chevy tahoe.
persona II
i always travel alone.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i have no parents or siblings.
i'm incredibly smart.
my favorite meal is steak.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , how are you ?
doing great . getting ready grill my favorite meal , steak . you ?
that is funny , that is my favorite food as well .
awesome . do you like to travel ? i love heading out on my own for adventures .
its always fun . where are you going next ?
pikes peak . i am curently exploring famous mountains when i have time .
that's pretty cool . what music do you like ?
classical , rock , classical rock . ll . music is great for the mind .
yeah , i also enjoy rock as well .
that is my dads fault . ll . one of my best memories of him .
what bands do you enjoy the most ?
eagle , pink floyd , heart . mom loved heart . man i miss them .
agreed , todays bands just aren't the same .
persona
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i like to sew my own clothing.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i'm an art teacher.
persona II
my father is a doctor.
i am a college student.
i like action movies.
i drive a restored mustang.
i play football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
phew just got done spending hours at some thrift shops . hows it going ?
good glad to meet you the names van wilder
nice to meet you as well . i'm mike a art teacher .
do you know who steve mcqueen is ?
i do , i would of loved to make some cool clothes for him
my dad dr . wilder bought me his original car when i was 16
wow that is very awesome to have at 16
still have it mostly cruise around campus trying to get babes
i should make some seat covers for you from my shift finds
seems legit that would spice up the car
for sure anything you need
hot damn pencil me in for monday at 3
you got it ! maybe you can come thrift shop some patterns with me
persona
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i am an avid runner.
i live in canada , near ontario.
persona II
i wish i could live forever.
i really like technology.
i like free diving.
i only date people taller than me.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , how are you ?
doing alright and thanks for asking .
your welcome . i had a very busy morning how about you
was okay . dog woke me up and just getting ready for a date .
awesome i spent the morning running all morning
running is good on the body . thinking about taking ipod on the date
that is a good idea . where are you going ?
going to go diving and eat just will miss my animals you have any ?
nope i don't have any . what is your favorite basket ball team
like the bulls and oh my life is so good like waking up each day
i love the vancouver grizzlies
wish i could go there and see em play
yeah me too but i will take tv just fine
wish i could take my dog and i just always on my phone to much
i know the feeling i'm too busy running marathons
persona
i love to sing.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i am a karate black belt.
i've 3 children.
persona II
i am single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
i eat mainly chinese food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good , just munching on some chinese food . you ?
i was just doing some martial arts . i'm a black belt in karate
that sounds fun . the robots i make can do karate .
wow that's cool . i teach karate to my 3 kids too
i wish i had kids , i've been single way too long .
i got my wife by singing to her . maybe you can try that
maybe , i do like singing karaoke at night .
i love singing karaoke all the time
me too , i don't have a lot of time to do it anymore though .
how come ? robots taking up your time ?
yeah , making robots is a very time consuming career .
my wife has me sing to her . she has terminal cancer . makes her feel better
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i work for a government agency.
i prefer baseball over football.
i like sports.
persona II
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i am never still.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! how are you doing today ?
i'm doing good , how about you
i'm doing okay . keeping busy today ! what are you doing ?
same , i fi on airplanes for a living
that sounds like a lot of fun ! i work for the government . which isn't fun !
wow , sounds cool , i'm always moving if i work hard maybe i can fix the world
maybe you can ! i certainly think so . got a favorite sport ?
nah more into cars , i drive older card most ppl do not want
that's cool too . i am a big baseball fan myself . what kind of cars you like ?
i like the craziest cars , i'll take a old 80s van and fix it love it
how cool . i bet that helps with flying planes , huh ?
yes it does , pratice make perfect haha
you got any favorite things to eat ?
persona
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
persona II
i eat meat.
i recently started working online.
my friends don't call my by my real name.
i enjoy going to festivals.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there !
hello ! how you are doing ?
good thanks and you ?
pretty good ! the new job is gowing surprisingly well . what do you do ?
i work as a cashier at a gas station .
i work online , which i like . i guess you always have to be at your office
yes true ! i am planning on moving to san diego in the next couple months .
nice ! whats the reason for the move ?
just wanna try something different . maybe ballet !
i hope it works out for you ! i enjoy arts , especially at festivals .
my mother used to be a famous ballet dancer in london .
i wish you all the best ! i hope it runs in the family !
do you have a favorite band ?
persona
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
i've three daughters.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i love to go horseback riding.
persona II
i think the moon landing was faked.
i like the color red.
i talk very fast.
i've 3 thumbs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! good morning stranger . i'm kevin and you ?
i'm bob ! what do you think about the moon landing ?
well it happened , so i guess i want to know about mars landings now .
i dunno , i think we still gotta get on the moon for the first real time .
well like i tell my three girls . education is very important and the internet lies .
three girls ? i've three thumbs !
three thumbs ! that's pretty cool . my doctor wife would be interested in that .
she should come and check them out ! they're pretty wild .
i will tell her about you bob . it will be after our vacation though .
where are you going on vacation ?
sorry bob thought my horses got out . we are going scuba diving in the caribbean .
you should take the horses !
i wish we could , but the flight expenses would be too much . i am no millionaire bob .
persona
i have purple hair.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i'm a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i enjoy going to museums.
i have ten nieces and nephews.
i am a writer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! crazy purple haired pet sitter here . how are you ?
good . my home is new york city . and you ?
iowa here , not a lot going on here . where do you work ?
work out of my home as a writer . how many pets have you ?
i cant have pets , so i watch others . i live in foster care .
do you like museums ? i can not get enough of them .
i very much do , especially history museums , what is your favorite ?
art museums . i've seen some crazy paintings .
i like abstract ones , what kind of writing do you do .
write novels . only had one published . waiting for my big break !
my mom was a write but she died when i was 6
sorry . my family is mainly nieces and nephews . ten altogether .
wow that's a lot of siblings !
persona
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i work at amazon.
i love robotics.
i have two kids.
persona II
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm a guy that enjoys being a guy.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hola , names antonio and i quite conservative in politics and support trump .
i support eating burritos and just being a guy .
i have two kids and my wife roberta is amazing i work for amazon .
that sounds interesting . is it ?
i also enjoy robotics , hoping to get a job at hansen robotics
i enjoy streaming movies and shows .
what kinds of shows do you like to stream ?
lots . i like comedy and history .
awesome do you watch nat geo or discovery ?
i watch those all the time .
wow that is great thing to watch
i learn a lot from it .
what do you really learn from those shows ?
lots from nat geo especially . lots about animals .
wow that's interesting to hear
persona
i am from tennessee.
i love to fish.
i've a black lab.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
persona II
i draw comics.
i love anime.
i love role play.
i read a lot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing very well , just finished reading an anime comic .
really ? i just got back from fishing . me and my lab .
aww . i love labs , used to have one . what is his name ?
esquire . where are you from ? i'm from nashville , tn .
i'm from cleveland , oh . have you ever been here ?
no i've not nor do i know much about oh . i am a charlie daniels fan .
who is that ? is he an actor on the walking dead ?
yes he's . he's also a rock singer .
odd . i cannot place him . what does he sing ?
he sings a million miles .
no , never heard of it . i like rap .
i like all music . i like tupac though if you like rap .
tupac is my favorite . he was taken too soon .
yes he was charles wallace was as well .
persona
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
cooking is one of my pass times.
i am studying for my master s.
i'm a student in social sciences.
i also like eating sushi.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
ok , . names bruce and i am a student and getting my masters
that sounds like a lot of work . i just started college this year
it is but it is for social science . these is tough though .
i've not decided what i want to major in yet . what is your favorite food
yeah that will take time to do .
man i've not had tuna salad or gummy worms today
i love sushi and my fave food is pizza . . what about you ?
tuna salad and gummy worms
nice choice of food ! !
thanks i don't think i have had sushi before
try it some time you may like it .
i will . do you like music
i do at times , what about you ?
i like rock opera its one of my favorites have you ever heard of it
persona
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
persona II
my favorite show is csi.
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
i hate winter and the cold.
i once swam with manta rays.
my parents are lawyers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey good afternoon how are you ?
great thanks how are you today ?
i'm okay tired in ohio
i'm tired , i don't like cold and winter
me either i want some good italian food also
same here , whats your favourite tv show
i like live events like concerts , do you ?
yeah i enjoy csi as well though
cool , i like animals also
same , i swam alongside manta rays before
really ? were you scared at all !
no not really my parents could help as they are lawyers
how would that help lol
in case anything went wrong lol
like what lol being a lawyer does not prevent accidental death
persona
i can type 140 words per minute.
i think the moon landing was faked.
i talk very fast.
i like the color red.
i've 3 thumbs.
persona II
i like to shop.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
i love my dog.
i'm a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there . . . the names red , or at least it would be if i named myself . yours ?
i do not think i have a name i am a vegetarian
that's sad . almost as sad as people who believe in the moon landing .
i agree i learned in college it was faked , also the cia killed jfk
finally someone with some sense around here ! sorry if i'm talking too fast for you .
you are talking too slow for me , do you have any pets ? i have a dog
dogs ? no . the only dog for me is clifford the big red dog . because he's red .
wow that's amazing ! my dogs name is daisy
amazing ? whats amazing is that i have more thumbs than you . you got two thumbs ?
no i lost mine because i sold it for tuition
you should get a job as a typist , its what i do because i am great at typing .
i may , i am currently in graduate school so i am not looking for work at the moment .
graduate school , eh ? what kind of degree are you going for ?
persona
i've trouble getting along with family.
i like eating vegetables.
in allergic to peanuts.
i love the beatles.
persona II
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
i like to snowboard.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my names ringo , i had it changed when i was 18 . whats your name ?
that is cool . why did you have it changed ? my name is aaron .
to match my favorite band ! my family did not like it , though . tough breaks .
that is badass . what do you do for fun ?
i like to cook , no meat though because i don't dig it . you ?
you don't like the taste or . . . ? i could live off popcorn alone !
meat reminds me of family memories , too harsh for me . does popcorn have peanuts in nit ?
hmm . . i don't think so . corn kernels butter . where are you from ?
oh good , i am allergic to peanuts . i am from here , there , everywhere . you ?
i live in wisconsin in the countryside . its so peaceful here .
that sounds great . do you listen to the beatles ?
persona
i am the oldest sibling.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i have four siblings.
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
persona II
i'm an old man.
i don t have a lot of family members that i like.
i'm an angry person.
i drive a jag.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . . . . how are you doing today ?
i am okay . not in a very good mood .
i'm sorry to hear that
i'm just old , so i always hurt .
that's a hard thing to deal with . . . i'm the oldest of all my sisters
yeah it is . how old are you ?
i am in my 30 and my youngest sister is in the first grade
oh wow , that is a big difference .
yes my dad is a teacher so he's use to have kids around
i don't really like any of my family .
i don't always like mine either but we make it work
lucky you . mine are very hard to deal with .
that's a very hard thing . . . . i am sorry you have to deal with that
persona
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love the smell of beans.
i love huge paintings.
i loove zumba.
i like collecting rocks.
persona II
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i like going to rock concerts.
on weekends i go out with friends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
great do you have any plans for the weekend ?
i want to go to the comic store
i prefer to go to rock concerts
what kind of artists do you like
ac dc led zeppelin the who kiss
i see . those are oldies .
i am not really that old i just like older bands
i see . you must have grown with them .
we moved when i was younger and only listened to old songs in the car
do you like beans at all
no but i love bacon and eggs
i love the smell of it though
persona
my mother was a weightlifter.
i've blonde hair.
my feet smell.
i love money.
persona II
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
i like to work puzzles.
i'm a teacher.
my dad worked for home depot.
i love country music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon , how are you ?
i'm pretty good and you ?
great except for my stinky feet , pew
you should spray those down
they smell bad , it goes good with my blonde hair
you sould put some socks on then
my mother and i are both champion weightlifters
you two should pick me up then
we do it for money , she loves the money like i love it
yeah sounds like a nice pick up
well got to run , later gator ! take care !
by alligator slater bye bye
after while crocodile , not to soon baboon
lets eat sheep lil bo peep
omao , that's funny , and new one for me
persona
i love sunsets.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i work 60 hours a week.
persona II
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i chew my nails.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi do you like the sunset i do
hell . i enjoy sunsets too .
zi get up every morning and watch
that's nice . i love taking my kayak out on the river on the weekend .
i work so many hours like 60 a week so it is hard to find free time
wow sounds pretty busy to me . any hobbies ?
just watching the sun rise really
so just work and sunrises ?
that is about all i have
what kind of work do you do ?
i am a vet and i need more excercise
nice ! currently in school i want to work with special needs kids .
i hope that works out for you
me too ! i have this really bad habit of chewing my nails when i am nervous though .
i hate that i have been doing it for years
persona
i m very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i have problems chewing my food.
i used to be able to run really fast.
my mother is in the hospital.
persona II
i am stuck in the past due to remotness.
i'm a savage.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i have no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello what is going on in your life ?
hi , i am editing my latest discover videos . what are you up to ?
just got back from visiting my mom she is in the hospital
i hope it is not anything serious . hopefully she can go hiking soon , that cures everything .
i hope so too . years ago i was a runner and could run pretty fast
wow , did you run track at school ?
yes i did and now i have some health issues i can not chew my food
that is really unfortunate ! i would love to interview you for the discovery channel .
that would be so awesome i'm game
great , come out to my cabin sometime , there is nothing better than being outdoors .
i love the mountains especially this time of year
yes , gorgeous in the fall ! what do you do for work ?
i am an er nurse so i know a lot about hospitals and doctors
persona
my favorite food is italian.
i cannot live without my friends.
i've 10 piercings.
i used to smoke.
persona II
i can play the piano.
my dog is called alfred.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
i'm doing great . where do you work ?
i work in the city . are you into fitness ?
not really but i am into body modifications .
body modifications ? i don't follow
like piercings . i have 10 of them !
oh ok , gotcha . i was thinking maybe plastic surgery ll
haha whoops . i should stop smoking .
haha nope , i haven'thing wrong with weed lol
haha its so bad for me though
some say it robs you of your ambition
ambition is a subjective term
persona
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
persona II
i'm very good at math and science.
i'm considered a nerd by many.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm great i just got a job at google last week ! how about you ?
i am great . i was on local news the other day
wow ! why were you on the news ?
nothing illegal , just a family work day
cool . i'm a nerd , so i probably wouldn't want to be on the news .
it was scary but cool .
what were your favorite subjects in school ? mine were math and science .
i loved math and science
it is neat that we have that in common .
yeah it is ! tell me about your family
well , i see them when i can . i'm very busy with my new job assignment .
what is that new job assignment ?
i began working on self driving car research last week . what do you do ?
that sounds like fun ! i just sleep all day
persona
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i like listening to other rap music too.
persona II
i am a childrens librarian.
i am recently divorced.
i have no children of my own.
i'm very shy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what is your favorite meal ?
hey whats goin on . how are you today ? pizza for sure
i am awesome . i dig pizza too . you like making it or taking out ?
making it homemade for sure . i just had a divorce so i cook a lot
i feel that . cooking is a good hobby to take your mind off stuff .
yes it is . what do you do for a living
i work in a restaurant for now . how about you ?
i'm a librarian . i work in the childrens books
i admire that a lot . i love the library . do you enjoy it ?
i do enjoy it . especially since i don't have any kids lol
the best way to be around kids , haha .
persona
i get sad a lot.
i live with my parents.
i'm bisexual.
i just lost my job and i'm looking for something new.
i think i might need help.
persona II
i am dissatisfied with the school life i've had so far.
i've one close friend i grew up with.
i worry about money even though i am in high school.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hope someone is out there to brighten up my day
i was just thinking the same thing . school has me bummed out .
i want to go to school but got fired so now have no money for winter session
i get bullied at school so i cannot wait to be older and move
i know how you feel . someone at school found out i like men and women equally
do you have any friends that are nice ?
yes but its hard to hang out with them since i still live at home . you ?
i am at home too but i have one close best friend .
i think i need to find a support group to help me work out things .
that's an good . maybe you can make friends in a club or on a job ?
if i can find a fun new job sounds great .
i'd like a job . i never have enough money lol
if you lived in co you could grow pot . make lots of money !
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
my favorite color is orange.
i work as a barista.
i'm a vegan.
i have a cat named jasper.
persona II
i am smart too.
i have big face cheeks.
i'm short.
i like reading.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! tell me a little about yourself
hey there , well i am not very tall . you ?
haha , well height isn't the only thing . i am a vegan ! i care about the earth
my cheeks on my face are huge which makes my eyes pop .
oh wow ! you sound like my cat jasper ! he is the best .
i would like jasper . vegan is what i'm currently reading about .
well as a vegan barista , i can tell you there are health and planetary benefits !
i believe i'm smart but i'm not sure i can give up eggs and fish .
you sound smart ! lots of people have trouble giving up eggs and fish .
was it hard for you ?
not too bad . i distracted myself with my favorite things the color orang , roses , etc .
awesome for you but i'll stick with the fish and eggs for now .
i understand . so you are smart , not very tall , and have big cheeks ?
persona
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
persona II
i cannot stand beets.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i cannot cook.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi
hey ! tell me about yourself
i live in celebration florida which is near disney
rip you , you will be underwater soon
i know pretty bummed about the whole hurricane situation
well do not worry soon you wo not be worried anymore .
just got to make it through the next few days at least i am not on the coast
i understand that , do you like to cook ? i suck it at .
i am married with 2 kids so i cook for them a lot
do you ever cook beets ? they make me sick
eh not so much my kids hate them
persona
i love to run.
my favorite city is new york.
my wife just left me.
i am a lawyer.
persona II
i just finished training as a security guard.
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i work nights now and like my job.
i've two dogs.
i m a 30 year old male.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? tell me about you
well my birthday was last week . i'm bryan by the way .
nice to meet you , my name is tiffany
i just hit the big 30 ! it has been tough besides that unfortunately . carreer changes . . .
whats your career ? mine is in law , i love running
my girlfriend slept with my buddy . so we broke up . security
my wife left me , but i love new york so i think i'll move there
i recently changed to nights full time . no swing shift . i did a half marathon !
1 2 marathon is very impressive . how do you like nights
one of my two dogs i own follows me when i train . i love nights !
what kind of dogs do you have
the training just finished a month ago . poodle and a labrador
nice , i have a yorkie and a great dane
wow ! two totally different sized animals !
right , but you can guess who run things
persona
i want to climb mount everest.
i like to play with clay models.
i have shot a lion.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
persona II
i work in finance.
i enjoy playing soccer.
i rent an apartment.
i do not like coffee.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
want to get to know each other ?
sure , how are you today
a little bored . i like excitement
i had boring day cleaning apartment , excitement would be nice
i'm planning to climb mt everest
well that would certainly be exciting
i think so , on my last trip i went big game hunting
i have never hunted , i enjoy sports like playing soccer
i love it , it is a thrill . i got a lion
wow that is crazy ! my job keeps me so busy , i never have time to travel
it is important to me , i also work with clay
like sculpting ? i tried that in past but i wasn't very good at it
i make models . it takes practice
do you like tea ? i hate coffee but love all kinds of tea
i like tea when i relax .
persona
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
i'm a baker.
i have 2 sisters.
persona II
i wish that i could be an animal.
regular life disappoints me.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i don t get along with my family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , i made the best tasting cake at work today .
sounds good ! what kind was it ?
three layers , chocolate , vanilla and strawberry with a caramel frosting .
awesome ! do you ever wish to be an animal ? i do .
yep , i'd love to be a cat , and sleep 18 hours a day . you ?
kind of . life is disappointing for me . do you agree ?
oh , i'm sorry . want to come play tennis with my two sisters and me ?
maybe . my own family does not get along with me .
well sounds like you need to get out and have fun with friends .
do you ever wonder what space life is like ? i do .
not really . my mom works long hours , i too busy cleaning .
do you like cleaning ?
not really , rather be playing tennis ? are you coming with us today ?
persona
favorite band is the beetles.
i like vintage furniture.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
i've a large cd collection.
persona II
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn't very personally fulfilling.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there
hey hows it going ?
not bad . how about you ?
everything is well , just finished reading .
right on . i was just practicing playing the bass .
really that is pretty cool . upright or electric ?
electric
who is your favorite bassist ?
paul mccartney
one of mine is thundercat .
right on .
but i really love doing activism .
what kind ?
persona
i m very shy.
i wear glasses.
i've no children of my own.
i m a children s librarian.
i m recently divorced.
persona II
i'm an artist.
i've four children.
i recently got a cat.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey my friend how are you
pretty good thank you , just put finishing touches on a painting !
sounds fun tired of getting picked on about my glasses
oh don t let that get you down . 2 of my 4 kids have glasses !
sad now i want kids just my man left me so i want to enjoy life
maybe you can start with a cat or something . i just got one .
just want to be alone anyway what name cat
my cat s name is tuna . and you ll never be alone with a pet !
hard to read what you say though sound nice
i was going to get a dog to join me on daily walks but cats are cheaper
dogs will be better and i miss my cat husband took him
bad husband ! you sound better off without him !
i need some space i just like alone time
that sounds healthy actually to know your limits and interests
wonder what my ex is doing
persona
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i'm six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
i love to vacation in paris.
persona II
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my dad was a cop.
i'm tall.
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how is it going ? what are some of your favorite things ?
hey there how are you today ? like cops ?
i do like cops ! i also enjoy the opera ! ever been to one ?
how tall are you ? i bet much shorter then me
maybe ! i'm pretty tall though ! i'm 6 feet !
how much taller you think you are huh ?
5 inches ? what is your favorite car or truck ? i drive my favorite ! want to guess ?
i'm 6 feet 10 an i love red
i drive a 1980 bentley corniche . do you have a favorite vacation spot ?
like water ? i like to ski on it
i love water ! i've been to paris a few times , absolutely beautiful , i love it !
lets go in my free time i like your car too
sure , sounds like a plan , you can be my date
persona
i am a college student.
my favorite band is metallica.
i work at the grocery store.
i own 4 cats.
persona II
i love hiking and staying fit.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
crazy cat person here for ya
how man cats do you have ?
i've 4 . i've to work at a grocery store for a cat food discount
that's a good idea . i'm a trainer
do you ever listen to metallica while you train
sometimes , do you like that band ?
they're my favorite ! i rock out to it while walking to my college classes
oh that's cool . do you hike at all ?
i hike to class . my college is up on a hill
that must be a good little work out
it is ! the cats love it
you take them to class with you ?
sometimes . i feel incomplete without them
oh my . i live in vegas , it is hot here
any metallica cover bands in vegas
persona
i want to own a house on a beach.
i love eating at mcdonalds.
my parents both are school teachers.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
persona II
i have a little girl.
i wait tables.
i m taking online classes.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my hair is long and brown.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi watching nascar with my uncle is fun
hi i'm watching csi . i'm a waitress with long brown hair from ohio .
my parents taught at the local college
very cool , i am currently taking classes online . it is easier with my daughter .
my dream is a beach house for my mom and me
very sweet . i'd love a beach house with roses out front , my favorite .
i've a slight mcdonalds addiction
oh i do not like fast food but it would be convenient .
their shakes make my day plus my ninja broke again
oh i love ice cream and shakes .
yeah shakes not burgers their next door to my moms doctor
do you help take care of your parents ?
yeah my mom dad passed in highschool
oh how sad . i am sorry that must have been hard .
not really his work was more important
persona
i ve an iphone.
i live with my parents.
my favorite color is red.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i travel often.
persona II
my favorite color is red orange.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
i want to be a music teacher.
i play the violin.
my grandma raised me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! i'm dealing with an extended layover for a flight and could use a chat .
hey i'm singing my music
that sounds fun . what kind of music ? did you write it yourself ?
i play the trumpet too
a person with many talents , i see . i wish i had time to learn an instrument .
i teach music and love my grandma
i travel for a living . i am headed to dubai for the first time .
i love the color orange and red
my iphone case is red . that's probably my favorite color , to be honest .
do you watch scary movies
i've seen a few , but they are not really my thing . do you watch them ?
yes i love them so much
i live with my mom and dad and they watch them all the time .
it makes it hard to sleep
i always put on my headset when my parents watch scary things .
persona
i live alone.
i live in portland , maine.
i'm an environmental engineer.
i love to hike.
persona II
i m a college student.
i play football.
i like action movies.
my father is a doctor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
i am doing great , how about you ?
i am doing well . what is a hobby you have ?
i love playing football . how about you ?
i love to go hiking . that is cool .
i watched a movie about hiking , but my favorite ones are action movies .
cool . those are always fun to watch .
true . what do you do for a living ?
i work as an environmental engineer .
let me guess , you also love photography
not really . i just like to live the experience without photos .
i am studying at the college , i hope to be a doctor like my father
that sounds like a great thing .
persona
i love money.
my mother was a weightlifter.
my feet smell.
i have brown eyes.
persona II
i like to ride my bike.
i like to play football.
i am a younger guy.
i've beard that's longer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you
i am doing well . just got back from the grocery store . and yourself ?
i am ok , need a shower though . my feet stink !
i need to shave my super long beard ! it is stinky and on my face !
oh wow what color eyes do you have ?
brown . what do you look like ? lol
mine are brown too ! i'm muscular like my mom . she was a weightlifter .
cool . so you are pretty hot ? i'm looking for a gf .
i'm not looking for love . i'd rather have money .
i'm young , dumb , and full of you know what
that's one thing money can not fix !
haha . right . i'm just kidding around . do you like movies ? reading ?
not really , it is a waste of money . i spend my time trying to make more .
persona
i have won tap dance competitions.
i m really short.
i love to bake cakes.
i've a twin brother.
persona II
i'm a casual dresser.
my car needs some repairs.
i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
my favorite band is nirvana.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i miss kurt cobain , i wish he was still alive .
yeah , he was pretty good . i miss chester bennington
i used to make jokes about him , but i am breaking the habit tonight .
haha . i am kinda short but i won a competition in tap dancing
my car sounds like its tap dancing , it needs some serious work
my twin brother works on cars , maybe he can fix it
whoa ! youre a twin ! ? do you ever trade girlfriends to see if they notice ?
lol . no , besides , i'm a girl who had past girlfriends
oh , wrong kind of twin . youre the non identical kind . got it .
haha , i wish i had an identical twin though
same , so they could do my job for me , i am a waitress . what do you ?
i work at bakery where i bake cakes .
persona
i'm twenty one years old.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a small pet cat.
i'm currently going to school to be an artist.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
persona II
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i'm allergic to peanuts.
i will one day own a ferret.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my name is rose , 21 years old , want to be an artist . live in ny
hi rose . my name is julie . i live in california .
california dreams ! do you have any pets ?
i have a salt water fish tank that i blog about .
i live in a tiny fish bowl myself . along with prissy my little kitty
lol i love fish but i want to own a ferret someday .
my neighbor accidentally killed hers in a dishwasher accident . for reals
oh man ! that's awful ! sounds messy .
question is . . . would you get a new dishwasher or would bleach be sufficient ?
definitely a new dishwasher . the old one is probably haunted now .
new dishwasher , right ? right . sorry lets talk about something pleasant
lol do you play sports ? my mom taught me when i was little .
i'm an orphan . like annie . what did she teach you
baseball . sice my dad died in the war she had to teach me things .
which war did your dad die in
persona
i like rock music.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonalds.
my favorite color is green.
persona II
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you tonight
hello how are you doing
i'm doing very well . just got done with basketball , and had dinner at mcdonalds .
i need help becoming a romantic
i am sorry , i cannot help you there .
i am emotionally a mess
maybe music therapy will help you .
i dropped out of the school
that is horrible , are you going to go back ?
no . i live in my car
i'm sorry , do you need a job ?
yes i do i can not get myself together
go to your nearest mc donalds , they will hire you .
i don't know how to apply
someone there will help you .
persona
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i am in my high school band.
i play the trumpet.
persona II
i live in springfield , mo.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i'm a writer.
i love to barbecue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing
doing good just got done doing a barbecue on the grill
awesome i'm in a band
awesome ! love music . i love to write and listen to music
i want to direct a movie
i could write the script and you could direct . . lol
i have over 600 movies
my husband has tons of dvds too lost count
yes that would be nice
being from springfield missouri the midwest does not offer much
i can not wait to grow up
do not rush it . . . believe me stay young
i need to go work at circus
persona
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i m an only child.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
persona II
my father is dead.
i play piano.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i'm looking for the love of my life ! you ?
hi i have a boyfriend but he's military so never home
oh , no ! i always do my hair and make up so i look good !
that's a good thing . whats your favorite color ? i like yellow
i like red ! most of my workout clothes are red ! do you work out ?
i do sometimes when i'm not playing piano i inherited dads when he passed
i love my marketing job . since i've no siblings i work a lot .
i've a sister but we are not close there is an age gap
how much of an age gap ?
12 years between us so we do not have much in common
that is not good . i work out so i look good .
that makes sense i should work out more to
i like to jump rope . what else can you tell me about you ?
i really like netflix originals and tv in general as long as no commercials
i hate those things but than again i don't have a tv .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i've two tattoos.
i've a cat named speckles.
i work in an office.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i'm ok . just hangin out watching game of thrones . show is awesome
oh i love that show
its awesome right ? whats your favorite color ?
i'd have to say black
black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?
yes i do since i work all day
yea i understand that . nothing like a home cooked meal though
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a producer . mainly pop music . i love it !
what city are you from ?
i live in new york city actually
i am in california . ever been ?
persona
i work at mcdonald.
i like to play video games.
i have a pet iguana.
my favorite movie is star wars.
persona II
ferrari is my favorite car company.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
i own many cars.
i like watching sports.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , whats your favorite movie ?
i do not really like movies , i prefer to watch sports .
ahh . favorite sport then ?
i really like basketball . what about you ?
mines not a typical sport . i like rally races
what is a rally race ?
subaru off roading , pretty much
oh . my favorite cars are ferraris , so i like to watch them race .
i'm not a big sports car person , lol . i need a car that can get dirty
i own a lot of different cars .
nice ! i own an iguana , but that is about it for expensive things
does he have a name ?
his name is gary . like the snail
persona
i am excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
i want to write a book before i die.
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
persona II
i look down on people who didn t.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
i work in finance.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing today ?
hi not much i just got home from work
what do you do for work ?
i'm in the financial sector you ?
i'm a teacher . for middle school . i teach art
nice what college did you attend ?
i'm not in college anymore but i went to unt
cool i went to yale
awesome that is a great school . what goals do you have in life ?
make as much money as i can although too much goes to tax
that's a good goal . i want to visit the great pyramids one day
that would be pretty cool what do you do in your spare time ?
i play pool . i'm really good at it . win almost every game
i played before but i'm not very good
practice makes perfect . i used to be bad at it .
persona
i drive a truck for a living.
my favorite sport is football.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i am former military.
i recently bought a camper.
persona II
i've long curly hair.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i m really into the powers of crystals.
i sew my own clothes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
awesome . my chakras are all aligned
do you work out a lot ? i do
i work in my garden growing plants all day . what do you look like ?
i am a pretty big guy , i play a lot of football
i do not , i just wash my curly head .
i'm a truck driver , i do not like straight hair .
keep a quartz gem in your truck for good luck . i've curls for days .
nice i served so my truck is a pretty safe place .
i used to make clothes for soldiers in iraq . i am a tailor .
do you work out ? i am at the gym four days a week .
no i am very weak . i rely on the strength of magic stones .
i am the new owner of a camper do your stones start fires ?
some can yes . i also grew some sage which is good to burn .
i like the smell of sage , can i've some ?
yeah , i've tons , and other herbs too .
yes ! let us smoke it up
yes ! we should all smoke the herbs .
alright well , take it easy
persona
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
persona II
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i'm not afraid of what others think.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i was raised by two mothers.
i can be quite forgetful.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
hey there , i'm great . i've two moms .
my name is beth , whats yours ?
cody and boy my memory sucks .
that's ok lol my eyesight sucks
do you like italian food ? it is the best .
its alright i mean i like pizza but only with white sauce
you see okay with gla . ses ? my partner is an astronaut ,
yeah but i only have reading glasses at the time
oh i hope you get some glasses soon .
me too but i'm trying to get contacts and those are not cheap or free
true . people get all worked up and honestly i could care less .
worked up over what exactly
persona
people in school said i was quiet.
i listen to linking park , i do not know why.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i was diagnosed with autism.
i have not done anything since high school.
persona II
my favorite color is hunter green.
i am a personal chef.
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? i've been busy playing games at the arcade .
i love watching movies and sleeping
i enjoy listening to music , especially linking park , but i'm not sure why .
i also love to cook i'm my own chef
i do not have a job , i've not done much since high school
i want to own my own business one day
i don't think i could do that , i am a quiet person
my favorite color is green
i was recently diagnosed with autism
oh no i'm so sorry to hear that
it explains some things , why i was always quiet in school .
you should sleep all day
i probably could , only get out to go to the arcade
persona
my name is tom.
i try to watch what i eat.
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
i am east asian.
persona II
we just bought a house near her parents.
my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.
i'm proposing tonight.
i graduated college last week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i am tom and i am eating my favorite thing , pizza
hi . pizza sounds good . i am nervous , proposing to my girlfriend tonight .
oh awesome you should take her to an italian restaurant who does not love that
so true . we already bought a house and she's 6 months pregnant so i think she will accept .
wow ! ! ! that's so cool , i better keep trying to watch what i eat maybe i'll find someone
you will . we went to school together i got my college diploma just last week .
congrats i got mines a few years after moving here i am from east asia
i'd love to visit there . never really traveled , guess we wo not now .
well its never too late to explore
our house is near her parents , that's what makes me most nervous about things .
well that means you will have help when the baby arrives
persona
i work at a candy store.
i've a passion for politics.
i played football in college.
i've been married for five years.
persona II
i just bought my first home.
i love to barbecue.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i am a writer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how is everything ? are you watching the football game ?
it good . who is playing ?
the texans vs . bengals . love football , it reminds me of when i played in college .
i can only watch the nfl
yeah its a nice break from all of the news of politics .
have you been keeping up ?
i have since i unfortunately have a passion for it .
i try to keep up
i am somewhat in envy of the kids i serve who are oblivious to it .
what do you do for a living ?
i own a local candy store .
do you eat any of it ?
i'd love to but my wife somehow has a nose for when i do .
does she not let you ?
being with her for five years , she's my health police .
persona
i am the youngest sibling of four.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i am a school psychologist.
chocolate is my favorite food.
i geocache in my spare time.
persona II
i love my girlfriend.
i live in the city.
i work in a bookstore.
i've an older brother.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love chocolate foods it is so good
my girlfriend loves chocolate , its her favorite thing
really ? do you have siblings ? like instruments ?
i do , i've a brother , few minutes older than me . don't like instruments much
i'm in college to help people out .
what do you mean by that ? i'm a cashier in a bookstore
what do i mean by what ?
in college to help people .
oh no that was accident , i am young lol
oh that is cool , do you live in like a major city ?
no not yet , learning the human brain .
that is kind of cool any dissection ?
i use geocache do you know what that's ?
persona
i surf often.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i was an army brat.
i am a nurse.
i'm a great baker.
persona II
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
madonna is my all time favorite.
i work in retail.
i love music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how how is it going ?
i am great a little tired
oh do you work late ? how come ?
yes sometimes i do . i like listening to music
that is cool . i like to listen to music a lot when i surf
that is cool i attend alot of concerts .
not bad , do you like donuts ?
yes donuts are great haha
i am an amazing baker i bet you would like mine
i am sure i would after selling clothes all day
oh you sell clothing ? that's cool what kind ?
yes i do . trendy clothes what people will buy lol
not bad . are you married ?
persona
i am a mother of two daughters.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.
i work as a english teacher.
persona II
i secretly love watching we wrestling.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyers office.
my family owns a grocery store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am great you ? just watching some wwe
alright . my two daughters love that show .
i've no kids i work at a lawyers office
is it fun ? i'm an english teacher .
better than working at my parents grocery store
that must have been tough .
ll not really just boring
my dream is to be a writer one day .
i dream about cafes in paris
we should go there together one day .
morsure ! would love to do that
get ready for the plane ride though . i love telling stories .
persona
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i like to read.
my husband was a career soldier.
i have 4 children.
i'm a senior citizen.
persona II
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i love to work in my garden.
i am an older guy.
i like to create art.
my favorite band is ween.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing this evening ?
i am ok . you ? a long day of making art . haha
unless you count finger painting with my grandchildren , i would not know ,
i'm an older gentleman myself and have a few grandchildren as well .
indeed ? my husband was a soldier , until he passed .
i'm sorry to hear . favorite food ?
honestly anything easy to chew . what is yours ?
my favorite is sushi , pizza , and tacos . haha
wow . adventurous . i don't do anything more exciting than reading .
i like to work in my garden as well . reading is awesome .
i wish i had a garden . i used to love tomatoes . how many kids do you have ?
i've 1 daughter and one grandson . i love my garden .
what sorts of things do you like to grow ?
haha . i like to grow all kinds of things . cucumbers mostly .
yeah . cukes are good . i have 4 kids and a gaggle of grandkids .
persona
on weekends i like to go hiking.
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
i just graduated college.
my major was american literature and education.
persona II
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
i ve never been a fan of sports.
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi what is your name ?
debra and i don't like sports ,
ok debra i enjoy hiking , do you go to college ?
no college but i have discovered i am good at a sport .
i see i enjoy reading american literature what do you enjoy ?
i could make money at it . i like tennis .
yes tennis is great . i now teach elementary school
being a secretary isn't as great as a teacher .
secretary is a good job did you go to college ?
i graduated 4 years ago . work keeps me from practicing but i've started archery classes .
very exciting is archery a sport ?
i think so . do you teach literature ?
oh yes i starting teaching american literature next week to them
persona
i eat a lot of fish.
i own a boat.
i live near the ocean.
i only wear tennis shoes.
my favorite author is jane austen.
persona II
my nickname is bubblegum.
my brother and i have bright red hair.
i am plotting on taking over the world.
i love to sing in the shower.
i have found the cure for the common cold.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! tell me a bit about yourself !
hi ! well the major thing you won'tice about me in person is my bright red hair .
oh really ! i ai not seen a lot of redheads around here . you irish ?
sure am ! how about yourself ?
well the ocean is practically my home . always out sailin
i'm more of singing in the shower type of person , or swimming in a pool .
ah come on , you haven't lived until you have swam with the wildlife of the ocean .
no thanks ! i'll stick my toes in . that's it . what else do you do for fun ?
i like to go fishin and read while i'm waiting . love me som jane austin . you ?
i like mystery books . i'm a big fan of the da vinci code series .
nah those are too intense for me , i am more of a chill guy
no plot to take over the world books , huh ?
nah , not for me . what kinda food you like ?
i am a stickler for pasta . how about yourself ?
fish ! catfish is my favorite
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i've a doberman.
i work on trucks.
i'm twenty five years old.
i am a man.
persona II
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i am quiet but confident.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i think food trucks are awesome.
i'm not really a blond.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love working on trucks with my pup doberman .
i like trucks that sell food
ha , not the kind this guy works on .
oh okay yeah i'm not serious
hey i love a good food truck pizza as much as the next man .
i've to go to this store and i'm new to it and i'm anxious about it
what kind of store ? you should pick up pizza . if you couldn't tell its my favorite .
well its a clothing store actually and i am not good at parking
then i would recommend not doing it with cars around you .
good idea in case i hit one maybe ?
with my job i park a lot of trucks .
i guess you get used to it so now your good at it
yup , at 25 i'm a professional parker .
so let me ask you did you grow up with both parents ?
yes , as uncommon as it can be did .
persona
i have not spoken to my family in years.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i work in a factory.
i don't eat well.
i am very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i am not social.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! do you come from a big family ?
hi no i'm the only child . do you
yes , but i cannot tell you the last time i spoke to them .
that is sad i know you miss them
i do , but on facebook i have more than 4000 friends . kinda helps .
yeah friends can help a lot more than you think . i don't like to socialize much
me either . i get uncomfortable in formal situations . you ?
i'm very depressed and do not eat a lot i'm only dedicated to my job .
oh i'm sorry to hear that . i've a confessions as well .
that is life i guess . what do you do for a living
i like to hitchhike . it is something i enjoy . kinda scary as well .
that is pretty dangerous . i make couches at a factor
that is cool . i live for suspense . i've a boring day job .
persona
i am a wife.
i live by a lake.
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i love my grandchildren.
i am a mother.
persona II
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
i am 29 years old.
i'm a night owl.
i live in a suburb of boston.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , how are you today ?
doing great , nice to meet you .
would like to get to know you better . any children ?
no children in my life , just 29 and a night owl .
still young and energetic then . i have 3 older sons .
do you have any hobbies ?
i own my own shop . i do custom upholstery . you ?
i enjoy hiking and riding my bike .
nice , do you own any pets ? my grandchildren fill that spot .
no pets either , too much running around , i live in boston , you ?
oh , pets take time for sure . i live in the country , upstate on a lake .
i love the lake , lay back and listen to music , you have a favorite musician ?
love the eagles . classic but they're great .
my favorite is pearl jam .
age differences , haha . i don't know them . my husband might .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i have two tattoos.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i work in an office.
i've a cat named speckles.
persona II
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
hey . i'm doing well . how about yourself ?
i'm great , thanks ! do you have any pets ? i've one cat ! her name is speckles .
i don't have any pets . do you work ?
yes , in an office ! and you ?
i'm very wealthy . i live on a private island and go diving alot
oh , cool ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to knit
just the snorkeling really . i climb trees and eat mangos . i live in paradise
that's pretty cool . do you have any tattoos ? i've two myself .
are they of a rose and thorns ? just curious
actually , yes , one of them is .
are they on your feet ? do you wear jewelry ?
yes , they're . i love jewelry ! i go shopping often for it .
persona
i have went to mexico 4 times this year.
my wife doesn't like me anymore.
i like to ski.
i hate mexican food.
i like to eat cheetos.
persona II
i'm studying to become a nurse.
i'm a paramedic.
i live in a studio apartment.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i have three sisters.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how is your weekend going ?
great , enjoying a break from my hectic schedule
i hear ya on the hectic schedule . i have gone to mexico four times already this year .
i'm a paramedic and nursing student , what do you do ?
i'm a doctor ! good luck in nursing school tough career .
awesome ! ! ! wish i could push for doctor
its a lot of work . my wife and i do not get along anymore because of it .
sorry to hear that . my sisters think i am too busy for them .
its the curse of the profession . i escape by skiing . what about you ?
i get lost in a beatles album .
gotta love the beatles . classic .
persona
i'm the youngest in my family.
my favorite color is blue.
my passion is photography.
i'm a freshman at nyu.
persona II
my father worked for ge.
i love animals.
i am an aspiring singer.
i enjoy playing tennis.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon how are you
i'm ok . people make me sad
i love to take pictures of people
i don't much enjoy people anymore
me either i love blue
i enjoy animals , they always care
yes they do i love my puppy
my parents are not very nice
mine either but it is going to be alright
aw , thank you so much , you are really nice
thank you people tell me i'm great
you are great , you matter to me
thank you for your kindness
i jut adore kind people
me too they make the world a better place
persona
i am an excellent student.
i'm very popular and have a lot of friends.
i couldn't live without my dog , bart.
i'll graduate from college in two years.
persona II
i'm a mother.
i love to read and cook.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
my favorite food is mexican food.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
two kids , chef , nurse and author . you ?
i'm a student in college and captain of the cheer squad
oh okay . rolling stones are my fave . what are your school colors ?
blue and black , i'm so popular regardless my anxiety
i see . i read angel investor . you ?
i read james patterson , cant wait to graduate in 2 years ! !
great ! i cook and love mexican food . you ?
i live for asian cuisine but my dog bart not a fan of it . .
get out ! me too ! i wrote angel investor for my children . you have children ?
not til after college but my boyfriend and i've been dating since junior year in highschool
really ? hospitals make this nurse sick . whats your major ?
i'm going for a degree in computer programming
persona
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn't very personally fulfilling.
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
persona II
i can be quite forgetful.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
i was raised by two mothers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi , i'm doing well . how are you ? i had two mothers growing up
that is cool . no dad huh ? what do you do on your free time ?
i like food . and i am worried what others think about me not having had a dad
everyone likes food ! i like reading books written by strong women .
i love spaghetti and meatballs . i'm quite forgetful
since you have 2 moms i bet you are really liberal .
i am very liberal . are you ?
yes , i am a activist and like to educate myself on political issue .
that is interesting . what political issues are you looking into right now
currently , women rights ! i feel like i am really contributing to society via activism .
that is awesome . women should have as much rights has men
i absolutely agree , women are just as strong and capable .
persona
i love fall and winter.
i have brown hair.
i like sleeping in.
i like eating healthy foods.
persona II
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i like to only eat fish.
i've amazing eye sight.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i'm a democrat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
have you ever seen anyone jump straight up from inside a pool ?
nope , but i have seen the fall
i jump for democracy and the democrat party
oh , no . really , but when did you do this ?
last week at the met in new york
sleeping in with my friends in newyork i love that
great fish market in new york . my favorite !
fish is healthy right ? i love eating foods that's healthy
i am pretty sure . if not , no one told me ! i only eat fish
those healthy foods makes my brown hair healthy too
i can see that from here d
especially during winter and fall my favorites
persona
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
persona II
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i dropped out of high school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
i love languages and reading
what kind of phone do you use ?
i didn't finished high school but i read three books in seven days
do you ever go snorkeling
i use a lg phone and use it to read books
lg that's a far inferior phone compared to iphones
i am afraid of water because it may get my books wet . . .
that is a shame i love to go snorkeling
my lg phone allows me to read in english and french
what do you like to eat in the mornings ?
how long can you hold your breath ? i read when i was only three
i can hold my breath for ages
persona
my brother lives in england.
i've a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite tv show is friends.
my favorite food is sushi.
i own my own business.
persona II
i am a teacher.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i have three children.
i like to garden.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love friends and sushi . you have a fave tv show ?
i love those same things ! i got 3 of my kids to love them , too !
wow ! england is where my brother lives . you self employed ? i am .
no , teaching is my job . i garden in my free time . what about you ?
no gardening here . in mexico i have a timeshare . you have siblings ?
yep , i have 9 . i live in a major city but more on the suburb side .
wow ! 9 huh ? i sell cable boxes . what do you teach ?
crafting of all kinds . but secondary english education is what i graduated with .
you go ! i am impress ! you sing ?
i do , but not good . do you ?
yes ! all the time . you dance ?
i do , but not good at that either . but i do it anyway !
good for you ! i cook but not a chef . you cook ?
i cook sometimes . i mostly eat out .
hmmm . what you growing in the garden ?
persona
i'm 19 years old.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i recently made the college baseball team.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
persona II
i love chocolate milk shakes.
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
my best friend is my dog allie.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are ya ?
good and you ?
good , watching mike trout play baseball .
i'm not much of a baseball fan
oh , i play in college going to be a shortstop someday . you like any sports ?
i can watch football
ll . i'm 19 i like baseball and baking . odd combination
yes that is odd . you are a male ?
yes .
what do you like to bake ? do you have a gf ?
yes , i do , i bake pies with my grandma .
do you go to school ?
yes in missouri . how about you ?
i am a college student from cali
fun in the sun lol !
persona
i am one of four children.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i work some very odd jobs.
persona II
my mind is set on things above.
i hate evil.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you this fine evening ?
honestly , i've been thinking about how weak and selfish i'm . i want to change
oh no . i bet you are just hard on yourself . change what ?
i want to change me . my heart aches from a broken relationship
do you have siblings that can help ? my 3 sisters are always helpful for me .
are they ? maybe i should just trust god
you sure can do that . do you hike or do anything physical ?
yes , i like to go up high , set my mind on things above
me too . it gets my mind off things like work . do you work ?
no , everywhere i work it just feels evil . i don't like evil . what about you ?
hate it . especially to animals . do you have pets ?
no , i think i should get one to bring me comfort , you ?
i have 4 cats . they're comforting for sure , but make it hard to travel .
persona
favorite band is the beetles.
i collect stamps.
i've a large cd collection.
i like vintage furniture.
persona II
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
people don't like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to watch people pray together.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am great ! so great i would like to know if you know god ?
i know him somewhat . can anyone ever fully know god ?
yes sir ma am ! its all in the bible
not much of a reader . i've a ton of cds though !
well , thankfully there's bible on cd know a days , sorry to be so straightfoward .
that is true . oh it is okay we all have things we are passionate about
yes like christian electronic dance music , just found out it exists , got any cds ?
no idea it existed either haha i have the beetles though . they are my fav !
beetles are life ! i met them , i hoped they liked me . . .
you met them ? ! ? that's amazing !
i attended their fundraiser for the poor , i'm crazy giving ! i love to help people !
i have not done anything cool like that . i have a pretty boring past time
boring past time . . . there's such a thing . . . what is it ?
i like to gather rare stamps . . . or go shopping for vintage furniture haha
next time i am in church , i will keep you and your hobbies in my prayers lol
ahahah i really need it . maybe instead of shopping i'll start helping people like you
persona
my favorite city is new york.
my wife just left me.
i love to run.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passat.
i eat too much fast food.
i'm a national guard officer.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon how are you
on leave right now , and probably eating too much fast food , but i'm well
my spouse left me last night
i am sorry to hear that . how are you holding up ?
i am very sad and lonely
i let work distract me when i feel down . i am an officer in the guard .
i loved steak she did not
a steak sounds nice ! i eat out too much .
i love going to new york
as do i ! i love the wintry weather there , the cold and snow .
i'm going to find a new wife
i wish you well ! i have a nice car and it helps me . 2011 volkswagen passat .
i may go to new york to find her
i wish you luck , friend . may you find your happiness .
i run every where i don't drive
persona
i like my job.
i like going to the beach.
i used to work for a cable company.
i love to ride my bike.
i have a dog named george.
persona II
we also have three dogs and two cats.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . my dogs name is george . do you have animals ?
yes ! ! i've 3 dogs and a couple of crazy cats !
cats ! you are brave ! i like to take george to the beach . you ?
person rufus hates water ! i take my 14 and  yr old kids often
i enjoy bike riding and work . i use to work at cable company . not fun .
sounds boring ll i am a physical therapist and my wife a nurse in h . s .
sounds much more exciting . how long have you been married ? where did ya meet ?
my names john , married 15 years ! i am bummed , just lost 2 dogs .
i am so sorry to hear that ! so , you had 4 dogs and 2 cats ?
i had 3 dogs . the 2 that died we just buried in the yard .
sorry about that . do you want more animals ? more kids ?
persona
i work at a power plant.
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
persona II
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you ?
a little tired . it was a long day babysitting .
so do you do babysitting for a living ?
only when i need extra money to pay the bills . what do you do ?
i work in a factory boring job
sounds boring . how do you get to work ?
i was able to get a new sports car
wow ! i don't drive . i take the bus if i need to go somewhere .
so what is your hobby ?
i just take care of my home and babysit sometimes . what color is your car ?
i have a shin red car
persona
i've two kids.
i am fairly conservative in politics.
i work at amazon.
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
persona II
i work out to look good.
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i m an only child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym
nice , i'm just at amazon , fulfilling orders . i work here .
don't forget to exercise every now and again good for
thanks for the tip , i forget sometimes . i exercise with my 2 kids though .
that is always a plus me and my kids work out all the time
you seem to love working out , that's great . i need to make more time
yeah it was hard for me at first but i wanted to look better and feel better
that makes sense . i am very interested in robotics too .
but hey you work at amazon that must be exciting
yes , i just like this big company and i like to shop here too .
i shop there every chance i get
what do you like shopping for ?
everything from bedding , outdoors , and sporting goods
do you like doing things outdoors like camping ?
persona
i've no children of my own.
i am recently divorced.
i wear glasses.
i am a childrens librarian.
persona II
i'm a sixth grade teacher.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i am allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i coach the girls volley ball team.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
good , how about you ? i'm getting ready
i am good just finalizing my divorce
this is good , right ? i am going to karaoke tonight
yes good . what will you sing
i'm going to take a random song , will your divorce be finalized soon ?
yes but i wear very big glasses
by choice ? i'm going to applebees to sing
no not by choice its because i have no kids
which is strange . because i'm allergic to apples . i have 25 kids
25 kids wow you have been a busy bee
lol i teach the 6th grade . i eat apples anyway , they keep bringing them
i am a childs library teacher
persona
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.
i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
persona II
i graduated college a few years ago.
i prefer summer over winter.
i was born outside the us.
i ve a big family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? i am in college and ride my bike .
i am fine , i graduated a few years ago .
i supplement my income by writing short stories , what do you do ?
this is tough , i work full time .
i only work part time , at a daycare . i love kids
i love kids , i've a lot of brothers .
i only have two , they are both older . how many do you have ?
i've 4 brothers and 9 cats .
that's a lot of cats ! what kind are they ?
they are all rescues , just regular cats .
rescues are the very best ! i've a rescue rabbit .
i love bunnies . we are getting rain here today .
it is slightly chilly , thankfully the sun is out .
persona
i am a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i work with my wife.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
persona II
i'm a freshman at nyu.
i am the youngest in my family.
my favorite color is blue.
i've two older brothers.
my passion is photography.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you this evening ?
doing well . i hope you are as well
doing great . what do you do for work ?
i'm a student . my first year at nyu
that's great ! my wife and i are both zookeepers .
oh what that's amazing i love the zoo . whats your favorite animal ?
i have to say the tiger . we have now trained over 20 types of animals !
that's wonderful . i bet baby tigers are soooo cute
what are you studying for at college ? baby tigers are adorable !
i am still trying to decide .
i am sure you'll decide soon . any hobbies ?
photography is the thing i am most passionate about . i also do a lot of theater work
how nice ! every since my wife beat breast cancer we travel in our spare time .
persona
i own four german shepherds.
i only buy convertible cars.
i have created my own personal religion.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
persona II
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
i m a profesional translator.
i m currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i want to become an author.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! would you like me to tell you about myself ?
hello , and yes i would love that .
i live with my four german shepard dogs .
wow ! i've always wanted a german shepard !
do you have any pets ?
i have a pet kitten . her name is rose .
how long have you had your kitten ?
i've had her just a few weeks . she is a baby .
what does she like ? my dogs like rides in my convertible , so i only buy convertibles .
she loves sitting on my lap while i write . i want to be an author .
have you ever written about ghosts ? i believe in ghosts .
no , i'm writing a thriller . ghosts are cool .
after seeing ghosts several time . i created my own person religion about ghosts .
that's really interesting ! awesome !
what is something out of the ordinary about yourself ?
persona
i like to play baseball.
i have 2 kids.
i am a doctor.
my favorite place is the mountains.
my wife is a nurse.
persona II
i am allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i coach the girls volley ball team.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i am a sixth grade teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , hows it going today ?
i love apples but i'm allergic to them
my kids love granny apples
i love kids and i teach them for a living
rewarding job , i work at a hospital
do you like karaoke , i love it on friday
its cool , wouldn't go singing myself though lol
do you like crosswords ? i love doing them
i am into baseball and hiking
that is great , i also love football
you like just about everything lol
persona
i aspire to be a millionaire.
i go to yoga.
i used to be a meat eater but i m now a vegan.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
i am a cat owner.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my brother is an archaeologist.
my mom is an osteopath.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i just got out of yoga how are u
great i just spilled my coffee all over my desk ! my name is jude
ouch careful , i aspire to get rich n take care of my family
me too ! we are planning to move to israel
wow neat i recently became a vegan
i hope that works out for you . my cat likes meat scraps
i hope it does i really like the guy
have you ever heard of beit alfa in israel ?
no i bet it is really nice
my brother works there , so i get to see stuff
ahh well they do not have much hockey there i would be bored
ha ha do you have any pets ?
3 dogs and a bearded dragon , you ?
persona
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i m a vegetarian.
i take the subway to work everyday.
i m afraid of clowns.
i have four cats.
persona II
i have a new job selling cars.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to paint pictures.
my wife use to be a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what are some phobias or fears you might have ?
hi , getting locked into a car or spilling paint on my floor , you ?
oh , so i am guessing you are claustrophobic
yes . i love pizza . what do you love ?
i love snakes , salads , smoothies , lol
that's so cool ! my woman use to teach cooking classes .
oh okay , what is your gender ?
i am a male and i just started a job as a car salesman . you ?
i am a female and i work as a mystery shopper , fun right ?
do you ever play jokes or find good paintings ?
do you know what a mystery shopper is ?
yes . how long have you been doing it for ?
i have been doing it for a good 3 months now , i am still quite new
that sounds nice . i like to paint pictures .
are you selling them , i would happily purchase one
persona
i like to read.
i listen to podcasts.
i've a long drive to work.
i am a diabetic.
persona II
i love hockey.
i ve flown out of the country.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
i studied business as my major.
i ve a younger sibling.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
i am good do you read
i used to a lot , just do not have the time for it now
what did you read then
well my favorites were the harry potter series
which book is your favorite
the order of the phoenix , do you have a favorite ?
mine is the half blood prince yeah
do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hockey
i do not like sports really
what do you do in your spare time ?
podcasts mostly i love them
you make them ? or just listen
i listen to lots of them
persona
i like to watch mma.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
persona II
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i love watching superheroes shows.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
i and fine just watching superhero shows
i love weight lifting not going for squats ever
and am reading a book on my samsung tablet now . i do not like apple
lol i do , like protein drinks ?
i just spilled some protein drinks on 2 monitors at work
oh no well i use water in mine
no i have to replace the 2 monitors . what else you like ?
watching tv , the mma is dope
i think its dope as well
yes like any weapons ? like knifes ?
i like swords i collect them
what kind ? i do also
i like asian swords like the ones in the movies
cool , i like the police do you ?
persona
i love fall and winter.
i've brown hair.
i like sleeping in.
i like eating healthy foods.
i sometimes wonder why i m not married.
persona II
i ve never been to the city.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
my name is omar.
i am the youngest of three brothers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you tonight
enjoying , how about you tonight
i'm good trying to figure out why i'm not married
i'm from ohio , you ?
i am too that's cool i like fall but summer is better
i have three brothers , i am the youngest
i like to sleep in late and stay up all night
i like music , i play guitar very well
my hair is brown but i might dye it blue
oh , what is your favorite dish
i like to eat anything healthy
great , i like pizza and meat
i do too but they are so bad for you
way because , this is very good dish
i imagine it is i would like to try it
persona
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
i drive a honda that is seen better days.
i'm looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
persona II
i am in love with adam levine.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i love eating kale.
i have two cats.
i've two children under ten.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello mate .
hey ! my kids keep pulling the cats tails ! do you have kids or cats ?
sadly no . i'd love one to watch sitcoms with .
ll . i wish i had time for sitcoms ! i prefer reality tv
my reality tv is talking to strangers on the subway .
that sounds like fun ! i'm working on improving my diet . low iron . . .
my exercise is walking to work when my old honda does not want to start .
old cars are rough , i sympathize ! my kids mess up my car constantly !
i listen to fall out boy cd every day to make it better .
music improves things for sure ! i love to eat kale . you ?
it does . no , veggies and i aren't the best of friends .
ll , me too . but kale is an exception for me ! my kids wo not touch it !
how many kids do you have ?
persona
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
my favorite band is up.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
persona II
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i'm an anime fan.
my job involves building drones.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i go to multiple comic cons.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with partner's hands.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
i'm doing well , how are you ?
me ! whats the craziest thing you have ever done ?
lets see . . . i cosplay at comic conventions . not sure if that counts as crazy
depends on what you go as lol i fell up a whole flight of stairs
oh wow that is crazy lol
what is your fav food ?
i really love japanese food , especially ramen
yum ! i make french fires at home with the little roman packs for salt
that sounds tasty . i should try that sometime . do you like anime ?
yeah i little . i mostly listen to music do you like up ?
i'm more into techno . house , trance , d b , stuff like that
cool . what else do you like cars ?
persona
my favorite color is yellow.
i love 80 s music.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i'm fascinated with ghosts.
persona II
rock music is my favorite.
i'm afraid of the dark.
i design video games for a living.
my mom is my best friend.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love music from the eighties !
i like rock it is my favorite
i like the music that talk about ghosts . they are really interesting .
what is the name of it ? i do not like the dark
i've never been good with names , but i know the singer has yellow hair .
i like the day time . what is your favorite color ?
day time is great . i like yellow . what about you ?
yellow was my grandmothers favorite color ! !
i always wanted to be an architect . what did you want to be when you grew up ?
i like to design things i work for a video gaming company
i love games , do you make games with ghosts ?
yes i make all the things i'm afraid of
even the dark ? maybe you can add some happy music from the eighties !
do you make money online doing anything else ? i'm looking around
i just signed up with a site that allows me to buy bitcoin .
persona
i live a lie.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i'm a painter.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
persona II
i live near the ocean.
i hate red meat.
i love to surf.
i love watching sunsets.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
how are you doing tonight ?
not doing so good , my wife thinks i'm lazy and poor . she hates me
oh no , i'm so sorry to hear that . i'm sure you are a good guy .
the thing is i actually won the lottery , but i did not tell anyone . its been 6 years !
wow ! why did you not tell anyone ?
because i did not want things to change , but now i'm living a lie
oh no . what do you like to do ?
well , i paint and i like it . organic scenes with trees specifically . so pretty
i would love to paint scenes of the ocean . i have grown up here .
that sounds amazing . what do you do where you are ?
i am a great teacher , i teach my sons to surf after work .
maybe my wife would not think i'm lazy if i took surf lessons
that might be a good idea ! you should take her out to dinner as well
that is a good idea . see , i need some tips
persona
i'm in college.
i like to swim.
i'm a social butterfly.
i exercise everyday.
persona II
i am on a diet.
i can t drive.
i am a house wife.
i've been married eight years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i think exercise is so important . how about you ?
absolutely ! as well as a healthy diet .
my favorite exercise is swimming . how about you ?
running , as i cannot drive . i have to walk everywhere , unless my husband takes me .
what is your current job that you do ?
my husband works irregular hours , making it difficult for us both to work .
i attend college myself . do you like parties ?
no , i like peace and quiet .
not me . i love to be with people ! do you have hobbies ?
i garden and am involved with the police wives charity .
what do the police wives charity do ?
we raise money for various projects . currently , shop with a cop .
great . do you ever swim ?
persona
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
persona II
my favorite sport is basketball.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
i am an avid runner.
i live in canada , near ontario.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
i'm great , thanks for asking ! where do you live ?
in a car in la
oh i live near ontario ! !
i see ! i'm looking for a job !
cool ! doing what ? i wish i could play basketball . it is my favorite spot
well , i am not sure . i dropped out of college
ah ! do you like sports ?
some , but i'm not sure is air hockey is a port !
that counts ! i love the vancouver grizzlies .
i have never heard of that !
really ? well , what do you do in your free time ?
well , i go to the movie , play mario on n64 , stuff like that !
persona
i teach kindergarten.
my class has 26 kids.
i graduated college in 2016.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach at a large school.
persona II
i like video games.
i'm diabetic.
i've never been employed.
my mother worked for apple.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you ? what do you do for work ?
i play video games for a living and my mom is employed at apple . you ?
cool . i am a kindergarten teacher . there's about 26 children in my classroom .
to be honest , i've never held a job before but i enjoy video games .
did you go to college for that ? i graduated last year
no i'm very diabetic so i dropped out of college
the school i teach at is huge ! it is almost like a college .
oh wow ! what are your kids favorite music genre ?
mostly pop , a few like country
oh that is awesome ! i love rock music .
what do you like to do in your free time ?
aside from video games i like taking my cats for a walk
haha , i go kayaking a lot , it is how i get most of my exercise
do you go alone or with friends
usually alone , i like the peace and quiet
persona
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i live a lie.
my wife hates me , she thinks i'm lazy and poor.
persona II
i wish that i lived in the city.
i am a vegetarian.
i have allergies.
i live on a pig farm.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how you doing tonight i am good let us chat .
let us pray shall we
oh yes no problem can you pray first ? thank you ,
no no , too many allergies
okay anyway i thank god for our lives health and strength .
yes yes amen . i don't like meat
i learned how to do art with nice trees .
i live with my pigs
i hit the jack pot no body found out about .
oh ! would you share with me please ?
i'm broke now it was not for much but i'd love sharing .
oh well , money is not everything
cool my woman don't like that i don'thing and have nothing .
she's no good . find another
you got that what is your favorite food ?
persona
i love to shop on weekends.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i have never been on a cruise ship.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
persona II
i've a ford f150.
i also like ford trucks.
my truck is black.
i own a ford truck.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i can't wait for the weekend so i can go shopping !
hey there , i want to go shopping ! youre lucky
i am a size 12 and there's always a sale on .
i have a hard time finding clothes my size . i am super tiny
hopefully i will drop a size or 2 when i do dance lessons with the bf .
i compensate with trucks , what kind of dancing ?
just basics right now . tango eventually .
that can be a lot of fun . i took way too many cotillion and dance lessons
eventually i want to go on a cruise . i have never been .
i would be worried about getting sick and possibly quarantines
we will do a short one first .
sounds like a blast , i'm hoping to visit family in new york this year
you should go before it gets cold .
i am hoping to , my aunt has a house on the hudson , and its a gorgeous view
that sounds awesome . i bet it will be fun .
persona
i'm ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
i take martial arts after school.
and , my best friend is abigail.
persona II
i work 9 to 5 job.
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just got off work .
oh i wonder what it will be like to work one day . i am only 10
enjoy your younger years my friend . work is terrible .
right now i'm taking martial arts class after school with my best friend abigail
do you enjoy martial arts ?
yeah ! almost as much as reading
i enjoy cooking . i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i do not know how to cook yet . but i love reading harry potter whenever i can
i love those books . do not have much time to read them with work and all .
what kind of work do you do ?
cooking mostly . my family used to own a small restaurant .
could you teach me how to cook ?
well , when i retire , and you are old enough i could teach you .
cool thanks ! me and abigail could teach you martial arts !
persona
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
people say i have a cute laugh.
i'm a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
persona II
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i do not have many friends.
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
please tell me you are a guy lol
unfortunately , no i'm not .
ok well maybe you can give me some advice .
perhaps , the few friends i have say i give great advice usually .
awesome ! well i still have a thing for my ex . have you ever ?
yes . i think everyone has that one ex .
yeah , you are right . i still love him . i don't know what to do
was he horrible at being a boyfriend ?
well he cheated on me so i'd say yes .
the only thing you can do is keep that in mind . eventually , you'll move on .
you are so right . damn girl i wish you could smell this lasagna i am cooking .
persona
i love reading.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i love animals.
i work at a hotel.
persona II
my favorite food is mexican food.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
i love to read and cook.
i am a mother.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today
hello . i am good and you ? i am anna , a mother of two boys .
reading is what i usually do
oh , cool . i love to read as well . who is your favorite author ?
i love different authors and i love the fine frenzy band
my favorite author is jane austen . do you work ?
i do work in our hotel in i love eating chicken nuggets
i make chicken nuggets sometimes when i cook . i am a nurse . any other hobbies ?
i do play with animals
i don't have any animals , but i like them . what is your favorite animal ?
any kind of animal not really a specifically
what is your favorite kind of food ? i love mexican food .
chicken nuggets i like those
ah , so it is still chicken nuggets . do you like mac and cheese with it ?
not really i just need it by itself
persona
my father was a driver himself.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
persona II
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i am on a keto diet.
i like going to the moives.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! just getting ready to leave home for a period once again .
oh okay where are you going my good man ?
following my family footsteps , enjoying a long haul out west .
be fast . oh that is cool . i perform for a circus as a juggler
performing is fun . i look to my truck for great performances though .
how so ? i currently going on new diet . keto i believe its called
do jugglers need to diet ?
no clue , but i'm fat so i need to . i enjoy movies
ha ha ! dieting ! i stopped at a farm stand once and met my love .
please be fast . haha i got my 2 golden retrievers from a farm
i would like to take her away to a beautiful place like you see movies .
my dad and his dad were also jugglers like me . taught me everything
just like my dad teaching me to drive truck ! great !
persona
i like to take my dog for long walks.
my mother lives with me.
i enjoy cooking for people.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
persona II
i work in a flower shop.
i like cats.
i read a lot of used books.
i live in my parent s basement.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! what are you up to tonight ?
hi there , i just got off work at the flower show i work at .
i love flowers and enjoy planting them . i have a garden .
unfortunately i still live down in my parents basement .
do not feel bad . i live with my mother .
do you have any pets ? i do not sadly but would like a cat .
i have a dog that i love taking on long walks .
used books are the only thing i love to read a lot of .
i am not much of a reader . i do like to cook for company .
what do you like to cook ?
mainly i like to cook italian , especially pasta . do you like pasta ?
pasta is always a nice meal to have !
especially if there is a side of garlic bread !
garlic bread is definitely the best .
just toss in a salad for a perfect meal .
persona
i talk very fast.
i like the color red.
i have 3 thumbs.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i think the moon landing was faked.
persona II
i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
i play music in my spare time.
i work in academia at a local university.
i live in nashville.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is sarah . what is your take on the moon landing ?
i think it happened . do you not ?
faked for sure ! what do you do for a living ? i am a transcriptionist
i work as a professor at a local school .
being with 3 thumbs , i type at least 140 wpm
that would be useful for my guitar playing .
agreed . is your guitar red ? i love all things red .
nope classic black . living in nashville plenty opportunities to jam
that's great ! i live in new york . i talk quite faster ever since i moved here .
are there any good farmers markets there ?
all over the place . i live in queens and there is one on every corner
i go every weekend to the local one in nashville .
i have never been to nashville . planning on going there sometime .
persona
i work at a grocery store.
i like cupcakes.
i like to read.
my favorite color is blue.
i have brown hair.
persona II
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i'm fascinated with ghosts.
i love 80 s music.
i m a wedding planner.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i make my living in a supermarket ,
are you a cashier or stock person ?
the supermarket is blue , that is my favorite color
i'm a yellow person myself . together we make green .
i work in the bakery i make cupcakes , i love cupcakes
i help plan weddings . such fun work i say .
i'm a big guy , green eyes and brown hair
i'm rather small , but i have a big heart and a soft spot for 80s music
i read a book on weddings once , reading is a passion of mine
i have a passion for architecture .
i love that decade it had great music
i am saying . they had great ghost movies during that decade .
yes they did , great dancing too
do you like ghosts ? i am fascinated by them .
i've never met a ghost , so i am not sure
persona
i used to work as an actress.
i love all animals.
i love my job.
my favorite music is country.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i am starting a new juicing bar.
i am a vegetarian.
i love pandas.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i love to surf.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , my name is vitaly . how are you ?
drinking a new juice blend i came up with , how about you ?
i was an actress in the past , now sitting near the laptop and chatting you
an actress ? i hang out at zuma beach surfing and reading . you live there ?
no , sorry . i live in eastern europe . i like country music and i'm vegan
oh cool ! i m a vegetarian myself . not a vegan though
also , i like animals , especially dogs
i love dogs as well but pandas are my fave . they re so cute !
yes , you are right . pandas are very cute .
do you like to drink freshly made organic juices ?
yes , i like fresh mango and orange juices
i have a new juice blend for my bar , it s mango oj ice protein and raspberries
nice , i'd like to try it . are you a bar owner ?
a juice bar . it s opening next month in malibu by the beach !
wow , cool ! good luck ! nice to meet you
persona
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
my dog is my best friend.
i'm terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
at all times , i'm wearing something black.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
persona II
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i am single.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! do you have a dog ?
no i have 2 monitors , i work alot no time for pets
mine is my best friend but i work a ton too computer technician
o really cool , i read alot of ebooks
i do not get much time to read . coffee or tea or neither ?
both actually , do you prefer iphone or samsung ?
i'm obsessed with chai tea before bed and no real preference , i guess samsung .
okay i prefer i hone and chai tea taste good and relaxing
if you could only wear one color . . . what would that be ?
good question maybe black i think , ink haha
me too ! what animal are you most afraid of ?
snakes , spiders , or animals that are possess
spiders scare me to death but i love snakes !
persona
my favorite color is black.
i am writing a novel.
i do not like pickles.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i work 2 jobs.
i'm in school.
i'm married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm currently trying to write a novel
wonderful ! what is it going to be about ?
medieval times . knights and dragons !
wow ! i am impressed . how do you manage to find the time ?
lol a minute here , a paragraph there . i will get it done one day !
i've 2 jobs and i go to school so not enough free time here
wow ! that sound like a full load and then some !
it really is . i have a husband too so i am constantly busy .
i bet . that sounds like a very full life !
it certainly is . i'd rather be writing lol
lol my companion right now is the show rick morty . i watch while i write
i love that show . its hilarious !
yes it is ! that's why its my favorite . laughter is a great stress relief
persona
i love to shop on weekends.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
i am planning a trip to europe.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
i drive a black car.
i listen to rap.
i like meat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i am planning a trip , do you travel much ?
no i don't . i wish i did more
i would like to go on a cruise would you ?
i would be too scared to go
why be scared i am planning on taking more dance lessons with my bf
i hate being out in the ocean
ok , that is sad do you like to shop ? i don't have much time to . .
i love to go shopping !
i only have time on saturday and sunday to shop
that is too bad , but that is when there are sales
not sure , there may be many during the week
persona
i work as a english teacher.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i'm a mother of two daughters.
i've always enjoyed telling stories to people.
persona II
i have a severe anxiety disorder.
i am a stay at home mom.
i'm currently pregnant with my second child.
my husband in an engineer.
i love art.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
i'm good you ? so are you an art lover ?
i'm actually more into books
yes . what do you do in life ?
i am a teacher at a high school
do you have free time ? cool .
i do but i use ot to spend time with my kids
have one child myself and another on the way . ages ?
8 and 10 both girls
have 2 girls myself . love them .
girls are so nice and sweet
until they are teens . hehe .
haha so true not excited for that
they grow out of it . before i was a mom i was a high school teacher .
wow that's nice both teachers !
persona
i love kids and dogs.
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
persona II
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i smell like awful feet
oh lord ! ! why ? ! i used to be a crazy kid but never smelled like feet lol
i'm not sure . i love dogs and kids though
i've 2 dogs ! ! ! an english bulldog and pitbull . what about you ?
nice . i love to shop and chat
i live in the country but like to visit the city and shop too !
blah blah blah that's me
hmmm tell me something interesting about you ! do you travel ?
i cook alot . i am pretty fat
haha hey that is okay ! ! ! whats on the inside counts !
well , that's a good thing or i'm doomed
not doomed ! ! ! promise ! i want to travel ! one day i'll get to ireland !
ii adore ireland . i will also
persona
i went to stanford.
i've a wife and a 4 year old son.
i play soccer professionally.
my idol is theirry henry.
persona II
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to hike in the summer.
i love to ski in the winter.
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , where are you from ?
colorado . what are you from ?
ca . stanford university alumni ! did you go to college ?
no . what do you like to do ?
i live and breathe soccer . it supports my wife and son , he just turned 4 ! you ?
congrats ! i like to ski and hike . my son is almost 5 .
active family , that's great ! you should get him in soccer now while he's young !
he likes to kick the ball around every chance he gets .
thierry henry started at that age , and now he is famous . my soccer idol !
hey , never know he might get famous too ! he is already pretty good .
what do you do for employment ?
i sew things like kids outfits and shirts .
oh , my wife does that too . she has been since i met her at stanford .
persona
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
persona II
i want to be alone sometimes.
i don't trust anyone.
i like the library.
i don't like trying new things.
i feel competitive against other women.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i am 44 and have 5 amazing grandchildren
that's wonderful . i like to go to the library to read do you ?
i don't like to read , but i love the sun
i try to avoid crowds , i have a hard time trusting anyone around me .
i love cheesy hot dogs , what do you like to eat
i like pizza , i don't like to try new things so miss out on some foods .
i also like chili corn dogs and also pizza
i like to be alone sometimes just to gather my thoughts , do you ?
i live in a rural area so i've to drive 1 hours to get to work
that's a bummer . i feel very competitive with other woman especially at work .
yes i love being alone , i dislike crowds ! ! ! !
persona
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i'm an actor.
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
persona II
i recently got a cat.
i've four children.
i'm an artist.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i love watching game of thrones.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you this fine evening ?
i am great ! just came in from a long walk !
that sounds lovely ! i am a actor so i never get to do fun things like that .
an actor ! i do not miss an episode of game of thrones . do you have any pets ?
i have done acting since i was ten . i am gone to much for a pet .
i have a cat , my 4 kids just adore it ! do you have any hobbies ?
i started starring in commercials when i was a kid . acting keeps me pretty busy .
i'm a paid artist . . i also feel like it is my hobby .
how interesting . what kind of art do you make ?
i make jewelry and charcoal paintings .
that sounds like it is really fun !
it really is . . . . i try to involve my kids too .
how many kids do you have ?
i've 4 and now the cat !
are you married or do you have a boyfriend ?
persona
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
my name is mary.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
persona II
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i live in canada , near ontario.
i'm an avid runner.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there my name is kat
hi . i'm mo . i love sports . go grizzlies !
i do not really watch sports
i love to watch basketball . what do you do for fun ?
i mainly spend my time studying to be honest
what do you study ? i'm always training for a marathon .
i study radiology , and is it hard ? i never was a good runner
i think radiology is harder . i love to run though . canada is beautiful .
it is , and is it cold out there , i heard yall get a lot of snow
yes , lots of snow . . . and moose !
haha do they actually be out often ?
yes . i constantly have to swerve while running .
are they at least friendly
yes . as long as you do not throw snowballs at them .
people do that ? seems really mean
persona
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i tend to aruge with myself more than i argue with myself.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i believe i hear voices.
persona II
i don't like green eggs and ham.
i enjoy swimming.
i have a missing pinky toe.
i love cooking.
i have 4 dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
have you seen my neighbors pool boy ? so cute .
no , does he have all his toes ? i'd swim with him .
yes he does . no ! yes he does , you do not know anything .
i do not have all of mine . but i like swimming . i can cook for you
can you cook cake for me ? mystery flavored cake ?
i can . as long as the mystery flavor is not green eggs and ham
it is a mystery silly , we would not know . the voices in my head say chocolate .
well . i mean . i hate chocolate though
i bet the pool boy likes chocolate . what sort of things do you like ?
i like cooking , swimming , my dogs .
i like fake dogs wearing rain coats . have you run across any toys with rain coats ?
i've not , but i'll let you know in the future .
thanks , i need to add to my collection . do you collect things ?
persona
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
my cat died.
i have a dog named percy.
i like thomas the tank engine.
i like books about trains.
persona II
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i own a black suburban.
i'm a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing
hi ! i'm doing very well tonight . want an apple martini ?
oh my yes that would be awesome
i love them . i have five boys , and i need them , lol
i love trains too especially the thomas one
so do my youngest boys . they all play sports .
my boys play football in the fall
mine play everything , they live in my suburban .
well my kitty died and i am sad
i am so sorry , we have three left in our litter if you'd like one .
of course i'd i will name her percy
okay , you can come over and pick it up tomorrow .
awesome i can take the train
okay , i am a few blocks over from the station .
sounds great see you at four
persona
i love sweets.
i'm in high school.
i cs and ds.
i love bruno mars.
i sleep a lot.
persona II
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
i work as a grill cook.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
i am looking for a second job.
running is a hobby.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi'm jane and i enjoy sweets very much and it is an addiction of mine
hello i'm ray from florida
hey ray , my grades in math is a c and science is a d .
i am in search of a second place of employment could you help me ?
i'm to young to help you . i enjoy listening to bruno mars
has always been a dream of mine to own a restaurant , i like pink floyd
i have this thing where i just want to sleep
when i'm not cooking my hobby is running
running is a good thing to do . i normally walk .
walking is great also , i really enjoy being the head grill man
are you in the navy
no , i use to be in the army
oh ok , there is a difference
yes there is a big difference , between the two
what else do you do ?
persona
i am 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i'm a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
persona II
i sell clothing on facebook.
i have two children.
my hair is curly and dark.
i don't like to clean house.
my husband is a pastor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you ?
i wish i had a maid because i hate housework
how old are you ? i'm just freshly 19 .
i'm 40 and i've two kids
i love baseball . you like sports ?
i do , i sell a sports clothing line on social media like fb
sounds super cool . i aspire to play baseball .
my husband is the head of our church , i'll pray for you
thanks ! i appreciate that . nice of you
i am considering cutting my hair so it will get curly and dark
do it if you want . live for you and only you .
thank you , i hope you make it big as a ball player
i hope to also . thank you . do you enjoy church
persona
i'm the youngest of 3.
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i love playing tennis.
persona II
i love to read.
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey hows it going tonight ?
good and how about you ?
just got done reading a good mystery ! so tell me about you
reading is one of my favorite hobbies !
i like to read but not school texts ! i am working on my law degree . so over it !
i have also started a blog , a small one to post book reviews .
that's awesome ! where are you based out of ?
getting a law degree sounds grueling !
oh man ! its awful ! i was in chicago for college and it was brutal ! !
i am from ohio . i enjoy blogging and have found a few blogs to share opinions with .
that is awesome ! is that what you do in your free time or for work ?
hopefully for work soon . i have collaborated with a few popular publishers .
that is awesome ! ! i'm not nearly as interesting ! i do love tennis though !
tennis is fun , i like volleyball too .
yeah , all sports are pretty fun ! do you have a big family ?
persona
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i'm in 3rd grade.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i have a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i work on wall street.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
i'm great , thanks ! how are you ?
i'm doing ok i like to draw
awesome ! i'm not a very good artist , i'm more into music especially smooth jazz .
i love playing soccer too
nice , i'm not much of an athlete but i watch sports . what is your profession ?
i'm young and still in school
cool ! i'm a banker on wall street . what would you like to do for work someday ?
making money drawing all day does not sound bad
definitely , doing something you love is the best . do you have pets ?
i do i have three dogs
sweet ! i have a poodle , her name is nanette . what kinds of dogs do you have ?
that's such an adorable name
thanks ! she's my best buddy . i like walking her around new york city where i live .
do you walk her when it is cold ?
persona
i have long legs.
like a skeleton.
i'm dumpy.
i've long fingers.
persona II
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i'm a school teacher.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
i'm doing alright , just relaxing .
me too ! just tapping away at this keyboard with my long noodle fingers .
yeah , it gets exhausting during the day after teaching 5th grade all day .
you gotta love working with kids though right ?
yeah , its rewarding . now i can relax and catch up on tennis .
are you playing tennis now ?
no , sorry , i meant on my der . do you have any shows that you watch regularly ?
not really . i don't believe in watching television .
you are better off . its a burden if you are behind on your shows .
i have always wanted to be a teacher , but my skeleton like body would frighten them .
what line of work are you in ?
i work at the local grocery store . . . where i scare kids .
what kind of jobs do you do at the grocery store besides customer interaction ?
i utilize my long legs to stock the highest shelves no one else can reach .
persona
i love to watch the voice.
i am currently listening to bach.
i graduated from princeton.
i travel at least once a year.
persona II
i've 5 kids.
i love new gadgets.
i love to draw.
i'm great with babies.
i love to socialize.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , just got back from out of town .
good morning ! where were you ?
princeton . just visiting my old dorm .
oh wow , that sounds nice . i used to go to the campus to sit and draw
very peaceful . i'm listening to bach right now . how about you ?
i just put my son to sleep , i've got 5 kids . he's the baby
wow ! that is a lot of work . don't you ever get tired ?
very tired , i am great with kids and babies though , but still its alot
do you ever watch the voice ?
i don't , no time . is it any good ?
i love it . you should put it on in the background sometime . 3
i will try to do that one day , i will give me more to talk about with people
is there anything else you like to do ?
persona
i'm 26 years old.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
i've thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i already have 3 children.
persona II
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm taking courses online.
i like ice cream.
i'm engaged.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how is it going
hi , just taking a break from work to have a quick ice cream you ?
i've still having morning sickness been like this for the passed 3 months
oh i am sorry . my fiance and i've been discussing having kids
so awesome i am carrying twins already have 3
whilst i am contracting at a cab company and taking courses online i do not have time
i should try that since i am on bed rest for the next 5 months
you could ! who will be taking care of the kids whilst your on bed rest
i do my best to do it but my mom helps
that is kind of her . i'm sure i will need mom when i've kids
how old are you i am 26
i am 27 , so not much age difference
yes that's so cool
so do you crave anything ? icecream ?
peanut butter on my pizza
persona
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i go to multiple comic cons.
my job involves building drones.
i'm an anime fan.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
persona II
i'm an athlete.
i've 4 daughters.
i race cars for a living.
i like to go fishing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you tonight
i'm doing good , fishing my hobby , i go with my 4 daughters
my bobbys are baking and having fun time with the family
me too , i also love to race cars , i made a living on that
that's cool what kind of cars
as an athlete , i drive up the mountain with my corvette and run down
nice i work out alot
how often do you work out ? i work out 5 times a week
i work out the same how old are u
i'm 49 my 4 daughters are 17 , 22 , 24 , 25
that's cool i have 3 kids months 5 and 9
persona
i've a long drive to work.
i listen to podcasts.
traffic makes me mad.
i like to read.
i'm a diabetic.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i've a poodle named nanette.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing good , its just i am worried about my poodle nanette .
ooh , do you have many pets ?
no i cannot . i live in new york , legally i can only own one pet .
www . i just got back from work , 3 hour drive that is .
what ? well if we are talking about work , currently i'm employed on wall street
yeah , i like my job but its a long drive and traffic is awful .
nothing beats sitting in traffic and listening to smooth jazz i love it .
not a big fan of music myself , i listen to lots of podcasts , though .
so you just sit in traffic quietly ?
no , i listen to a variety of podcasts .
that is good , i like podcasts too . twitch is not a podcast but its still a cool thing .
i love it too . i also love reading , its so relaxing .
persona
i like to listen to elvis.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i drive a blue car.
i own blue shoes.
persona II
i was adopted.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
i work at a local party store.
i have several siblings i don t know.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
pretty good . just thankful for a day off from work
where do you work at ?
at party city . i love it there
yeah i hear it is always a party
haha basically . so what is your favorite holiday ?
mine is probably christmas and you ?
mine too ! it is a mess at the store but it is still amazing
what is your favorite color ?
i love the color green . just like my birth mothers
that's nice do you like music ?
i like all of it really
that is nice do you have shoes ?
persona
i'm 19 years old.
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
my favorite player is mike trout.
persona II
i've four children.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i recently got a cat.
i'm an artist.
i love watching game of thrones.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you doing ?
i'm great and you
it is my birthday , so pretty good . i am nineteen .
happy birthday i hope it goes well for you i am sitting with my cat
love cats . how many do you have ?
i just got one and love it
would love one , but too busy with college baseball .
that must be very fun for you
i hope so , i just made the team . starting shortstop .
that's good congratulations on that
thank you . what do you do ?
watch game of thrones and take care of the kids ll
i never saw that show . how many kids do you have ?
persona
i am a writer.
i am gluten free.
i like rock climbing.
i've a dog.
my hair is black.
persona II
i own my home.
my car is blue.
i live in colorado.
i have an mba degree.
i am married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
hi i'm good , and you ? i'm in colorado , where are you ?
i m in florida , i really like colorado . i m a writer
i love it here , own my own home . what do you write ?
horror , i am also gluten free
interesting , how is gluten free ? my favorite thing is my blue car .
is good , i enjoy rock climbing
nice , that sounds fun . i have my mba degree .
do you like dogs ? i've one
i love dogs , i've a chihuahua terrier mix .
what color is your hair ? mine is black
persona
i love all of my beautiful children.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
i am a humble baker.
i look forward to retiring.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i hate running.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i'm married with kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my wife just made me laugh ; she always does . are you married ?
i'm married happily for going on ten years
do you have children ? each child of mine , i love dearly .
i have three kids who are growing up
not to be actors , i hope ! i tried that . now i am a plain baker .
i have no idea what they want to do we are currently car shopping
what kind of car ? why do you want a car ?
i need a new car and i just want an orange car
not my first choice . what else do you like ?
in my spare time watching baseball
i plan to watch more baseball after i retire . i can hardly wait to retire .
i have no desire right now to desire
except for an orange car . what do you do for work ? are you a student ?
i am not a student . i stay at home while my wife works
what does she do for work ? what do you do when she's at work ?
persona
i am thin.
i like to hunt.
i am blonde.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i love the tigers baseball team.
persona II
i live at home with my dad and brother.
i've a cat.
i hope to move out soon.
i've depression and anxiety so i don t really go out a lot.
i work at home , editing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what color is your hair ? mine is blonde .
depends what mood i am in that day , sometimes dark like my mood and feelings .
you should watch tv to escape from that . have you heard of the walking dead ?
yes , my dad and brother watch it . i work instead in the basement .
what do you do ? i an a hunter .
editor , i love animals . especially my cat .
same ! so much so , that my favorite team is the tigers ! do you exercise often ?
no , i am too worried i'll get hurt . i assume you do ?
everyday ! what do you do in your free time then ?
currently i look online for a place of my own
where do you want to move to ?
somewhere sunny to help with my issues . trying to break out of my shell
you will get there , just keep connecting with people with common interests .
thank you . it is great to feel like people care . you seem caring .
i try to be . the world needs more better people .
persona
i will one day own a ferret.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i'm allergic to peanuts.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
persona II
i like to party.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i'm in college.
my major is business.
i love the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you have any pets ?
hi how are you today ?
i'm well how are you ?
i'm doing pretty good . and i've no pets
i hope to own a ferret one day
what od you do for fun ferret person ?
i write blogs how about you ?
i work at a pizza place . blah
i like pizza . that is one thing i am not allergic to
the only thing in the world ?
well no , i'm just allergic to one thing
and what is that ? cats ?
peanuts , i've an peanut allergy
persona
both of my parents are doctors.
i'm in medical school.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i really wanted to be an actor.
persona II
i like to go to the movies.
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . tell me about yourself .
well my name is felicia and i love ford mustangs and movies
i love movies too ! i do a little acting myself , community theater .
wow i did 3 jobs for 5 years
i am in med school right now to become a doctor like my parents .
that's sick i have a pitbull lol
i should have done acting full time , but i'll make more money as a doctor .
sick sick i walk like 2 miles a day to keep the doc away
that's great ! i wish i had time to exercise .
make time nothing more important obv
i want to lose weight . i am in love with a beautiful girl .
ya how old is she now ?
same age as me , but she does not know i'm in love with her .
i mean she should your her mom right ?
why do you say that ?
persona
i work for a beer distributor.
i'm married.
i have a toddler.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
persona II
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am on my way to a taylor swift concert . are you a fan ?
not my cup of tea . i am into sports , buffalo bills are my fave
that's cool . do you like beer when you watch sports ?
yeah we got season tickets so beer it is
my employer is a beer distributor . i could bring you some .
awesome ! i am from syracuse ny , where are you from ?
i from miami , fl . i am here with my husband and kid .
cool . i have neither , i am studying to be an english teacher .
my husband was a teacher before he became a stay at home dad .
i think teaching is a great profession .
i do too . you can drink beer after a long day of grading papers .
persona
i went to miami university.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i am a baseball player.
i make a million dollars a year.
persona II
i am insecure.
i work too many hours in a week.
i'm always hungry.
i've a wife and children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , how are you doing ?
hi . i'm okay , thanks . how are you ?
doing well , definitely cannot complain .
do you work ? what do you do ?
yes i do , i play baseball for the baltimore orioles , you ?
that's impressive ! i work at a law firm myself .
way more impressive ! where did you go to college ?
i wish i could say harvard . . . but , no . university of michigan .
i studied at miami u myself , i donated a million dollars to them a last year .
that's nice of you ! giving back . are you married ?
thank you it was a whole years salary ! and yes , i have a husband .
persona
i drive a blue honda civic.
i m scared of left turns.
i've four siblings.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
persona II
i ve a dog.
my favorite color is red.
i m looking for a job.
i m not very tall.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . hope you are well this evening .
i'm , thank you very much . how are you ? do you have a dog ?
i'm good . i've 2 dogs actually . you ?
i only have one , he has a red collar and looks so dashing in it .
i have a bunch of siblings ? got any ?
no , i do not . i'm a surfer , and currently looking for a job .
i am a freak and left turns terrify me
i am terrified of snakes , that doesn't make us freaks .
i dig your attitude . good way to live .
thank you . i try to be a positive influence in this world .
we need more of that in this world . i hope to do that too .
we do . my husband is a detective , i try to stay positive for him .
i suppose you have to in that line of work . kudos for your strength .
thank you . we all have it inside of us , we just have to tap into it .
totally agree with you . good outlook .
persona
i like alternative rock.
i work in a craft store.
i love to crochet.
i own a hearse.
persona II
i work at a real estate office.
i love to sing.
i am dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
hi , i am fine how are you
i am doing just great enjoying some alternative rock now
that sound good , i listing to a song
i'll have to leave soon to work at the craft store in my area
craft that sound good love craft
i do it to keep busy at times
what is you favorite flower
i like the smell of daisies
my favorite is yellow daisy also
that's great we have something in common
yes you love going to movies
i love a good movie
i love the movie driving ms daisy
i've seen that before , and i like to crochet
persona
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i like jogging in my spare time.
persona II
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
i like standing in the rain.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you . i hope you are from australia
i'm from the usa
i want to move to australia some day
that would be nice i love the change of seasons like when summer ends
i fear the cold which i why i work in houston
i love being on the outside standing while the rain falls .
when i go jogging it is nice to have a cool rain come in
it would help if my computer would speed up
i do not know much about computers . hope it turns around for you
my favorite actress is rita hayworth .
i don't know who that is . what has she been in ?
older movies love stories where she's the perfect dream woman
she sounds like a good one . i wonder if my sister knew her
persona
i stay active.
i've good health.
i am retired.
i wear glasses.
i have eight grandchildren.
persona II
i m from seattle.
i work in public relations.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite band is bon over.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing today ?
i am doing amazing so far
great , i am just spending time with my 8 grandchildren since i am retired
that sounds like a great job
it is , i like staying very active to keep in good health
healthy is important these days
yes , it is . tell me about yourself .
well i am amazing , also a vegan
you sound amazing ! vegan , that is a hard lifestyle choice !
i am kind of a big deal
since you are amazing i might not have to use my glasses to see you
you might need sun glasses
true , you might burn the retinas right off me
i am also a buddhist
an amazing buddhist . tell me more !
persona
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i have lived in several different states.
i have a cat named kj.
persona II
i like to only eat fish.
i'm a democrat.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i have amazing eye sight.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
me and kj my goofy kitty say hello ! how are you ?
hey you and goofy kitty ! i am great thanks , yourself ?
good ! just finished unpacking . we just moved to a new state for work .
exciting ! are you looking forward to your new job ?
its my husbands job . he is in sales . i am actually a retired nurse .
i see , cool ! so what do you do in your spare time now that you are retired ?
well we have lived in a lot of states so i look to explore local sites . you ?
you are a bit of a traveller then ! i follow politics closely .
really ? that is interesting . i joke that kj likes politics . political kitty !
i bet kj could do a much better job than most politicians !
haha , probably . he is a sweet lil guy who loves tuna and is not mean .
persona
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
i've a large mustache.
i live in a condo.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
persona II
i'm a chef.
i like to garden.
i love traveling.
i like photography.
i like to bake pies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , are you a retired reporter like me ?
hello , i am a chef actually
that's absolutely great just fantastic
yea i also love baking too pies is my favorite
you should bake a pie in the shape of my mustache , it is huge !
i enjoy gardening i like to grow my own fruits and veggies
that's absolutely great just fantastic
i love to travel and see different things
i was an alcoholic once
i like to photography as well
that is absolutely great just fantastic
it was a nice day today
that is funny , i don't get along with my wife
i can't want to until my birthday
you can throw a birthday party in my condo
persona
i live in alabama.
i've blonde hair.
i'm obese.
i m 53 years old.
persona II
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
i am going to school for writing.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing ?
great thankyou . what do you do ?
i'm retired at 53 years of age .
is that a good thing ? what do you do while you are retired ?
it is great . here in alabama , i like to go to a lot of sporting events .
i love the library . my mom has been a librarian for years , and i always help .
ah , nice . i should probably help with something like that . sitting around has made me fat .
i'm still in school , so i do like college ball .
very cool . have blonde hair like me ?
you could volunteer your time , it would keep you busy for sure .
yeah , maybe i will do that .
no blonde hair , actually no hair at all .
oh , so you are bald ?
persona
i'm a yoga instructor.
my mother is dead.
i enjoy being alone.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
persona II
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! i'll try and keep this short . how is it going ?
pretty well . just hanging out at home tonight . how are you ?
i am pretty well . i am hanging out with my wife tonight .
its just me and the snake . my roommate is out for the night .
that must be fun . it is nice to be alone every once in a while
it gives me to study so that i can qualify for my engineering internship next semester .
i remember those days . i'm out of school though , now i teach yoga .
you must be pretty relaxed for that , right ? maybe i should take up yoga .
it is something that i have been doing with my wife since high school
obviously , you must like it . what do you do for fun ?
watch netflix , hang out with friends , go hiking . what about you ?
video games , mostly . i also dream of moving to the desert .
that's interesting . my mother used to love going there before she passed .
i just love the heat . being isolated might be nice , too .
plenty of time to think and figure yourself out .
persona
i m dissatisfied with the school life i ve had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i worry about money even though i m in high school.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
persona II
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love non gmo foods.
i love cold weather.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
very well thanks , just relaxing at home .
i have homework but am to worried to do it
you can do it ! it will help you get a good job .
i stress about money to much
me too , i work two jobs .
i'm only in 10th grade and i hate school and am always in trouble
try harder . i'm a cashier because i did poorly in school .
i'll my dad just has these crazy rules he is so strict
tell him to relax and listen to some red hot chilli peppers music !
that band is amazing ! flea is an epic bass player too
he is the best . the music keeps me warm , even in winter .
i wish i could play bass like him
persona
i enjoy reading.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i am a vegan.
i am a registered nurse.
persona II
i live walking distance from work.
i work in finance.
i rent an apartment.
i do not like coffee.
i enjoy playing soccer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i am fine today . i just walked to work here in pittsburgh . how are you ?
you sound healthy . i'm actually a registered nurse myself .
that is wonderful . yes i'm into sports . i play soccer . how about you ?
well , i'm not much into sports , more of the reading type and a good movie
what have you read lately ? my most recent is waking the spirit . it is fab !
a book on veganism . i turned vegan recently
i see . do you like coffee . many vegans do , but i don't
i read it was not healthy . sometimes i sneak one in when i watch pretty woman though
pretty woman is the favorite move of my husband . where do you live ?
i live in utah . how about you ?
in pittsburgh . i'm a finance officer for a corporation here . my brother lives in utah
i wonder if he's close by . i remember you telling you lived in pittsburgh already . sorry !
he lives near a huge canyon . he always sends such beautiful pics
utah is really beautiful you should let me know when you visit
i take care of a sick husband here when i am not at work . no trips
i sorry to hear that . what else do you do ?
i sing at church and pray . how about you ?
i work a lot , so i do not get to do much else
persona
i want to be in a band someday.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i'm a factory worker.
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
persona II
i like to run.
my mother died when i was a child.
cooking is my passion.
my hair is long and blonde.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon ! how are you today ? i just woke up from a  hr nap . ll
i wish i had that ! but i go for runs every morning at 6am .
so you like to work out ? i wished i had to time
i've been running since i was young , but i'm about to follow up and make breakfast .
wow , impressive ! all i do is work , play my guitar , and sleep .
sounds busy , i do not work , not old enough , when my mom was alive she was a workaholic .
sorry to hear about your mother . how old were you when she past ?
6 , she always admired my long blonde hair . wish she was back . . .
i hear running is good for you . i should try it one day .
it is ! besides the obvious health benefits , it really puts a pep in your step
maybe wouldn't sleep as much that way i can look for a band to join .
yes , well start small , and then go big your going to do great !
thanks for the encouragement i definitely need it .
persona
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
persona II
i love to climb.
i am the oldest of 5 children.
i love my parrot , todd.
i ve never been to the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing tonight ?
i'm good and you
good . i am on youtube , and i am eating shremp !
wow give me some please
i use bbq sauce , and i'm unsure if you would like that !
i mean that sounds great
my dog , droopy loves them !
wow what a cute name
thanks ! i hate adobe reader !
and why is that then
well , because i think it is to hard to use !
i'm sorry to hear that
oh , it is ok , i just use something else that's easier !
yeah do you have any siblings
i've 2 sisters ! do you ?
persona
i'm saving money to buy my first car.
i am taking a year off before i start college.
i live with my parents.
i currently work at mcdonald.
persona II
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i love dragons.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
saving up to get my first car , you ?
i need a new car after commuting 2 hours a day for years .
this year i will be taking off before i go to college
you better save up for that car before you stop working and leave for college .
fyi , i reside with my mother and father
i've my grandkids living with me and i am only 44
44 ! , i've a job working at the local mcdonalds
me , i et either cheese or chili corn dogs . no hamburgers .
a year off before i go to college will be good
yes time to buy that car . do you draw much ?
100000 so you know , i live with my mom and dad
persona
i have blonde hair.
i love ballet.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
my favorite color is purple.
i like video games.
persona II
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
i try not to think about death.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i am obsessed with filming.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey whats going on . you play video games ?
haha , well i try ! but none of the fancy stuff . mario kart only !
hah i love video games . i really like ballet to though
love impromptu ballet . i did a recital on the street . made 5 . ha ha !
that is awesome ! ! were you wearing purple ? ? i love purple
nope , ballerina pink . i made my mom tape it for me , to with the other tapes
that is really cool . now you can always watch it
i've over 432 movies i filmed myself ! i'm an artiste
holy moly ! that is a lot . any favorite foods ?
hmm . anything without peanuts . mama says i'm allergic . i do not wanna die yet
yea don't do that . i'm obsessed with mac n cheese ! !
persona
i haven't had luck with finding a job.
its been doing better than i expected.
so i started a small business.
i sell miscellaneous stuff in local fairs.
persona II
i believe dragons are real.
i play d and d.
i should beverage been born a prince.
nachos are my favorite food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how was your day today ?
it was great . i played d and d all day . yours ?
well i was not successful in finding a job so i start a business , so productive lol
what kind of business ? wish i was born a prince , i wouldn't have to work .
do not we all . i sell random things in local fairs
i love fairs ! they have my favorite food , nachos !
haha they're yummy , and i am lucky its been better than expected
do they have dragons at fairs ? i believe they're real , not fictitious .
i'm sure they were real at one time , know they exist in only fairytales
that could be true . would be cool if they were pets .
the best , until they burn your house down ahahah
persona
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
my passion is in programming.
i go to bed pretty late.
persona II
i enjoy playing tennis.
i have a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i was born completely deaf.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my best friend just came out of the closet !
is it a boy or a girl ?
girl . i thought she liked my sister . i was right
what do you do for a living ?
work for the man . i'll own my own one day
i wish i had my own business
programming is where i will make my mark .
do you have any hobbies ?
staying up late . is that a hobby ?
i guess that would count
well then , i enjoy long walks . . . and staying up late
do you have any pets ?
no pets . may get a snake ?
persona
i'm a vegan.
i work as a barista.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my favorite color is orange.
i have a cat named jasper.
persona II
we have two pets as well.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
i'm thirty years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i just love flowers , especially roses . how about you ?
they're quite nice , my husband buys them for me .
do you have animals ?
i have two pets , one cat and one dog .
my cats name is jasper , he's so cute !
mine is fred . its a zoo around here i stay home with my kids .
i am a barista at joe jacks coffee shop
my job is my kids , but i take them alot on nature walks .
i like nature , i'm vegan so i feel close to nature
keeps you young ? i'm 30 .
i'm 40 and i love the color orange
i prefer teal , i have so much in that color .
that's why i love fall , because its orange everywhere
persona
i'm an artist.
i love nighttime.
i've a cat named charlie.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i love to dance.
i work at a coffee shop.
my mom was a hairdresser.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing ?
i am good and you
doing good nighttime is my favorite time
where do you work at
i do artwork at home and sell it . and you ?
i like to dance do you
i used to years ago .
why did you stop then
just got older and not as agile
oh you can do some slow dancing
yes that's true . my cat charlie and i could dance lol
is charlie a fat cat then
somewhat lol he sits when i draw and watches me
nice you can dance with a fat cat
he is about 2 years old
persona
i'm a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
persona II
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
i'm very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i enjoy playing video games.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! hows your day ? i just finished work at the zoo
my day is good got up late and played on my box .
what game ? i love video games . i wish i had time for them
call of duty black ops 3 . i just found it , love new things
that is cool . my wife and i train new animals every day
what kinds , i love to learn ?
all kinds . mostly reptiles , but i have trained 30 animals in my career
cool , since you train animals do you still eat meat ?
my wife is in breast cancer remission so we eat plant based diets .
oh cool . i love fried chick and chocolate cake so that would be hard
its hard ! my valedictorian daughter helps keep us on track . she is responsible !
that's cool my older sister was valedictorian . i'm the baby .
ah , how many siblings do you have ?
persona
i like bagels with everything on them.
i like to run.
i like to make cookies.
my favorite drink is coke.
persona II
i am a stay at home mom.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
i do not have much energy.
i watch a lot of movies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
how are you doing today
pretty good thank and you ?
i am doing good thank you for asking
what do you do for fun
i play sports and take my kids to the park
nice what do you like to drink
i don't really drink any more but i use to drink jack
i love coke its gret with jack too
yes it is but i like pepsi better
do you ever go running ?
yes i like to stay in shape
me too running is the best
i love extricess i'm 33 but look  everyone says
noah gimme some of those genes
persona
i've trouble losing weight.
i don't cook and usually eat out.
i am near sighted and wear contact lenses.
i'm a very short woman.
i love animals.
persona II
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
my house is paid for.
i wear a uniform to work.
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing ?
i am well how are you doing ?
i love dogs and cats and have a cat named radar
cool , i'm so happy i own my house !
i eat out so much cuz i do not care for cooking
whats your favorite color ? mine blue an i ike to draw
i like to draw . i wear contact lenses so i can see better
cool , i like to draw in my free time
i love to eat but it makes it hard to lose weight
i got a 4 wheel i whip alot also
i'm so short i've a hard time getting up into a 4 wheel drive
persona
i like to play outside.
i'm a girl.
i'm in preschool.
i like to dance.
persona II
my dad was a preacher.
i did not finish college.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my mother was a school music teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello my mommie let me play on her computer
how old are you ? you sound young
i am 5 years old
what tv shows are you liking ?
i like dino dan and i like sesame street
who is your favorite character ?
i like big bird and bert
are you a boy or girl ?
i'm a female and i'm smart for my age
when do you start school ?
i started school last month
how are you liking it ?
it is good . i go outside and play and dance a lot
persona
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i'm getting married.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
persona II
i do not like when people get too close to me.
i've a shopping addiction.
i think about food a lot.
i love the forest.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , there i'm john . how are you doing today ?
hey whats for dinner ? sorry food is literally all i think about haha
i am happy with anything . as long as there is not a long wait !
right ? i am addicted to shopping and at the mall the lines suck ! !
absolutely , last time i was in a mall was for senior prom photos !
wow . where are you from ?
canada , but i wish i could just tour the world with justin bieber . you ?
haha you love justin bieber huh ? i am in the states . canada would be cool
who does not ? so , do you have a spouse ? kids ?
no . neither . i do not like getting close to anyone so . . .
gotcha . my sister wants me to find someone , have a family . but i'm only 22 !
persona
i like playing badminton.
my family owns a dairy farm.
i don t really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
i am not very good at playing basketball.
persona II
i m a graphic designer.
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
my inspiration is clasical music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you doing
i am well . i am just working on my freelance design work .
i'm the son of a dairy farmer
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks
honestly badminton is my passion but the careers are very limited
you could become famous with that . i hope to be a famous animator .
do you like vegetables and fruit ? i hate them
i don't have a preference . what do you like to eat ?
mostly cake , i just pretend to like the healthy stuff
i eat cake as i do my graphic design work .
i love playing basketball but my game needs work
basketball is a smooth dance similar to my inspiration ; classical music .
do you want to have a career in music ?
it is only my inspiration for my freelance design work that i started recently .
do you play any sports ?
persona
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
i've been in 2 car crashes in my life.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
food and water are essential to me in life.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i've a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
in the city of n y is where i live and you ?
i am in school in florida getting my degree .
i am fine , do you have pets , poodle is what i've nanette is tts name
no pets . i'm too busy with sports . do you play any sports ?
what is your degree , do you like jazz ? i like it smooth .
i like watching tv mostly not really into music .
i do body building , where do you work , wall street is where i work
i don't work . i was in two car crashes so i cannot work
working in the stock market is the best , suits and ties makes me feel good
i think food and water are the best . you cannot live without them .
persona
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
i've blue eyes.
persona II
i m an out of work farmhand.
i live in kansas.
i like watching reality television shows.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi it is a lovely rainy day , great for fishing .
the weather is nice in my city , out looking for a job
i had a job since i was 14 , since my dad passed at 2
i been working at the farm since a little kid but it just foreclosed
oh that's awful . do you have a favorite season ? mine is spring
i love the fall , all the beautiful colors
i do agree with you , in fact i'd be inclined to agree any other day lol
cool . do you have any hobbies ?
fishing . do you have any ?
reality tv . those people are entertaining
most tv reality stars have eyes in the shade of blue .
do you have blue eyes ?
yeah , but i would not cash me outside those tv reality things .
persona
i'm in high school.
i sleep a lot.
i cs and ds.
i love sweets.
i love bruno mars.
persona II
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i believe in aliens.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you today ?
great ! having a hard time making decisions , you ?
uh oh that sucks . i am good . stil in high school . grades are slippin
okay , glad i am not the only one struggling .
yea i've got cs and ds currently
when life gets me down , i watch the stars , clears my mind
that is cool . i have a serious sweet tooth lol so that helps me
lol that is what i was deciding between , lollipops or rainbow candies
haha yea i love cookies . i sleep way to much to . you like music ?
i do , but don't get a chance to listen to it much
i am obsessed with bruno mars . he's got a killer voice
persona
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i work some very odd jobs.
i enjoy going on hikes.
persona II
my mother was a single mother.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
i m the oldest of three boys.
i work at the pizza parlor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing tonight ?
well . pull up a seat , sit on the floor , tell me about yourself .
well , i was born right under a moon !
i grew up in chicago . where do you live now ?
well , i live in the mountains ! i enjoy hiking !
my mom was single with 3 boys , so we never left the projects .
well , i've never left the us , and i work odd jobs !
i make some of the best pizza in chicago . do you like pizza ?
i do love pizza ! what is your restaurant called ?
pizzeria due , have you heard of it ?
no , how long has it been open ?
i'm not sure . it has been here as long as i can remember .
when did you take it over ?
i just work there as head cook , i do not own or run it . . . yet ! ; d
do you want to run it ?
persona
i play the piano.
i hate flowers.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i make my own clothes.
persona II
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i have a pet snake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ? anyone out there tonight ?
sure , i am here and so is my pet snake . how are you doing ?
doing great . hey , you wo not believe who i ran into the other day .
who did you run into ? elvis , by chance ?
jimmy fallon . he was at a bar i went to .
that is awesome ! i love jimmy fallon .
yeah , he's pretty funny .
he's hilarious , but so is my online game character . haha
not as great as johnny carson , but he is still pretty good .
i have to agree . carson is a legend .
indeed . so what do you do for enjoyment ? hobbies ?
i love video games and believe it or not , i'm famous as a character .
interesting . what character is that ?
persona
i am an international business man.
i never went to school.
i never met my parents.
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
persona II
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i am a baseball player.
i am married and have three kids.
i went to miami university.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day . how are you doing ?
i am fine . how are you ?
currently working internationally on some business . pretty nice having a wonderful job , and no schooling .
oh ! that does sounds interesting . i love traveling with my family .
that's wonderful . i currently know over 300 languages from constant travel . how about you ?
well i cant speak that many . i enjoy playing basketball . how about you ?
never met my parents so i am not much for sports as most men are .
well me and the wife and kids love traveling in my spare time .
that is nice . what would you say your most outstanding characteristic or talent is ?
i'm an people person and love the game . how bout you ?
guess all the languages i know would be something to brag about . any kids ?
yes i'd be . yes i have three . how about you ?
nope not yet . hope to settle down one day , but the business life has me now .
you will get there one day . whats most important to you right now ?
trying to track down my parents so i can one day meet them . you ?
oh good luck to you . my kids of course . where did you grow up ?
all over the place . you ?
persona
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i live in chicago.
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
persona II
i joined a new team last month.
i'm a soccer player.
my number is 42.
i'm a goalie.
nike cleats are my favorite.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i am from chicago , nice to meet you !
it is nice to meet you too . i play soccer goalie .
nice ! ! ! i only play quake . i play it on my slackware linux system !
i wear the number 42 and was accepted to the team last month .
very cool ! ! ! both my moms were so proud when i did sports as a kid !
cool . what sports did you play ?
i played baseball ! they still tell me they love me every time i call them !
my favorite shoes are nike cleats . what is your favorite shoe ?
i just buy whatever i can afford . i've adidas at the moment .
i've had my saucony shoes for nearly a year .
that's a long time for one pair of shoes ! !
it helps to reduce the distances and days you walk .
that's true ! ! quake is the only game that makes me happy nowadays ! ! ! !
persona
i like cars.
favorite color is green.
i like to travel.
i got a new job.
i like cats.
persona II
i am a secretary.
my favorite color is orange.
i like tacos.
i enjoy swimming.
i have 3 cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
if you could visit any other country , which would you choose ?
i have always wanted to visit australia .
good choice ! i love to travel and wish i could more
yes , i would love to swim at the beach .
i've heard its super nice , is swimming a favorite hobby then ?
one of my favorite , but do not have alot of time for .
i understand that completely , i've a new job so i am working all the time
my secretary job keeps me pretty busy too .
i can imagine , do you like being a secretary ?
the work itself is a little mundane , but i love the company i work for .
that's a good reason to stay there then !
i just adopted a kitten and one of my 2 cats is not happy .
i've cats too ! they get so jealous when a new member comes
persona
i love to hunt.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
my favorite color is blue.
i grew up in the deep south.
my mother was a piano teacher.
persona II
i'm in high school.
i love bruno mars.
i love sweets.
i cs and ds.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i heard of this new mexican restaurant . want to go ?
not tonight . i have homework
i did my homework quick so i can go hunting .
i've to do more cuz i am not getting good grades . what are yo doing now ?
nothing much . my mom wants me to take up piano she taught piano when i was a kid .
can you play bruno mars ? i luv him ! ! ! !
no , i would rather pluck a bird than piano keys !
good one ! i would rather sleep than do my homework .
where are you from ? deep south for me .
northeast for me . we have the best bakeries here !
i love baked goods . that and mexican food . hate seafood , though .
anything sweet is good by me !
blueberry pie ? i like things that are blue , even when they are purplish like blueberries .
sure . the sweeter the better . even purple things .
blue is best , though . i always go for blue whenever i can .
persona
my least favorite music is country.
i've long flowing hair.
i drive a ford truck.
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
i'm nearly of tall.
persona II
i have three sisters.
i live in a studio apartment.
i'm a paramedic.
my favorite band is the beatles.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my type of music is country ! how about you ?
hi ! definitely the beatles best band ever !
couldn't less agree ! glad to here !
ok . what do you do ?
i drive a food truck at the moment . hopefully i find a better job . dear lord .
i hope you do too ! i'm in the medical field paramedic .
nice ! now that's a job to have !
its pretty good . my 3 sisters are also paramedics .
lucky ! i'm almost 6 ft tall . i don't know if that would be a job for me .
well , that must be uncomfortable in a food truck all day !
it is ! being 6 ft tall is not helping either .
persona
i work at a hospital.
i like toyota cars.
i like to vote.
i don't like working long hours.
persona II
i'm smart too.
i am short.
i like reading.
i'm also round.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i'm so tired . i work long hours at the hospital . do you work ?
yes , i'm working at a departmental store .
do you drive ? i love my toyota . i love driving home , but not to work .
no , i don't have any car . but i like to ride to my cycle .
i ride my bike to vote . i vote for everything !
that's great ! do you like animals ?
yes , but do not have any . do you have any animals ?
yes , i've 3 cats and they are so adorable
i bet . are you married ? do you have kids ?
sorry not married and of course do not have kids
same here . all work and no play ! what do you like to do for fun ?
persona
i really like watching star trek.
i work for the railroad.
i am an omnivore.
i like eating pretzels.
my favorite band is vv nation.
persona II
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i want a porsche.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
are you into star track movies ?
my older sister is . . . my mom says i am too young to watch
i'm a big fan of star trek movies
not me . . . i just like watching the stars at night as i cuddle with my pet poodle
i see the stars overnight when i work on the railroad
it must be exciting on the train . . . is it fast ? . . . i love fast cars ! ! !
i love to listening to vv band well driving fast cars and eating pretzels
when i turn 16 a want a porsche like you . . . cookies will do for now
cookies are your favorite food ?
very much so . . . i just wish i were taller so i could reach the jar !
i am more of an omnivore when it comes to food . wish i was taller too .
persona
i play quarterback.
this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
last season i was just getting started.
persona II
i love art.
my husband in an engineer.
i've a severe anxiety disorder.
i am a stay at home mom.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is carson wentz
hello there , my name is susan
i am a quarter back for the philadelphia eagles .
i've never heard of you but i don't watch much football .
well you should . last year was my rookie year .
watching football , basketball , and other sports makes me nervous to be honest .
sucks for you . this year i plan on making it to the playoffs .
well , good luck with that , my husband is an engineer .
that's cool . this is only my second year in the league .
what else do you like to do ?
hunt in north dakota mostly .
never been there , it seems like a scary state . i prefer museums and art .
i do not hate on museums and art , just more of a country boy i guess
i have never traveled much , i spend most of my time in new york .
do you not like traveling ?
persona
i like to drink green tea.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
persona II
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
since my dog died i am incomplete.
i am a mom with two sons and a husband.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i live in a house with a yard.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what time you go to work ?
i'm off tomorrow because the power is not back on from the hurricane hitting .
what did you have for dinner ?
we had fried chicken we picked up and brought to our home .
how is the weather now ?
good . sat out in the yard and had dinner with my husband and two boys .
what do you do for fun ?
i do art . mostly clay work i do with my hands .
do you have any pets ?
i had a dog but it passed away . feel incomplete at times .
are you married , with children ?
yes , i've two boys as well .
ok do you like sports ?
yes , love football ! i follow the buds .
what is your favorite team ?
persona
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i've been married five times.
persona II
i love sunny days.
i can tell right away if i am going to like someone.
coffee is important to me.
i don't like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i love winning.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
maybe i should get another wife ?
i do not know , is coffee important to you ? it is me ?
it would be my sixth . yeah , i won a bar , so coffee is a must .
i really enjoy winning ! you won a bar ! wow
a poker game . owner lost on a bluff , what an idiot .
i think i like you , i can usually tell right away if i like or hate someone
of course i am likable . i am a millionaire . i own a downtown chicago bar . ha .
you must feel obligated to hang out with people then ? i'd not like that
i don't care . i'm rich . i want a wife . how about you ?
but i love money and sunny days so here is your new wife !
look at that , baby . i will buy you a hat .
and coffee ? coffee is very important to me !
sure . enough coffee to fill the bathtub for you .
persona
i've a cat named seven of nine.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i work at a coffee house.
persona II
i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i have always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i like the color blue or red.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . my favorite show is dancing with the stars
well that's cool . lol i love being in the country but visit the city occassionally
nice . i sing broadway show tunes
haha that is funny . you any good ?
i like to think so
that's awesome . you have any pets ?
a couple dogs and a cat
cool . i've got a pitt bull and i also have an english bulldog
nice , dogs are good pets
they're amazing pets . whats your fav color
i like purple the best
persona
i own a boat.
i live alone in a cabin.
i'm a 70 year old man.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
persona II
i am single and not looking.
my favorite subject in school was science.
pizza is my favorite food.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing tonight ?
hey , i'm doing pretty well , you ?
got some achy joints but other than that cannot complain .
ah that's a bummer , do you have any big plans for the night ?
gonna fix me up some beans and rice and probably listen to sinatra .
sounds relaxing . i'll probably order a pizza and read a suspense novel
you like stephen king novels ? or more john gresham ?
more stephen king , so many classics . do you like to read ?
not much of reader but i heard those authors were good .
what do you prefer to do in your spare time ?
i like to go fishing on my private lake . its pretty relaxing
fun ! i am very jealous ! do you work ?
nope . retired 20 years ago . just enjoying my life now .
ah i don't work either , i'm still in school , majoring in science
enjoy it while you can ! try to meet people and settle down if possible
persona
my hair is brown.
i have one cat.
i'm not thin.
i like to sew.
persona II
i like going barefoot.
my sister is a guitarist.
i can knit.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what color is your hair ?
blonde . and you ? do you like being barefooted ?
i've brown hair and like being barefoot . do you have cats ? i've one .
ooo , i love cats . i've one named zoe . do you have a hobby ?
i love to sew ! do you have any hobbies ?
mine is knitting . oh , and i love reading . jane austen is my favorite author .
i love reading too but i need to move more to lose weight . ha !
do you have brothers or sisters ? my sister plays the guitar .
i've two brothers . one plays the sax .
do you have a favorite book ? mine is pride and prejudice .
firestarter by stephen king is my fave . do you like country music ?
no , sorry . i like more classical . but stephen king is fun to read !
i used to play the clarinet so i like classical music too .
persona
i drive a prius.
we own our home.
my wife stays home with our kids.
i work for a large law firm.
persona II
the idea of working isn't my cup of tea.
i like to live off of the land.
my parents were like this as well.
i am all about family and fun.
i'm a free spirit.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what is your favorite car ? mine is prius and i drive one !
i actually do not even own a car . i am too free spirited for that
i live in my own home and you ?
i live in a commune with my family
how do you get around ? do you have family ?
almost everything i need is located in an area where i can walk around
my car is too small , that's why my wife is at home with the kids .
oh i am so sorry to hear about that . i love my family
my car is too small , that is why my wife is at home with the kids .
i love my family . it is awful that they cannot fit in your car
do you have a big family ? i am a lawyer
yes i do . but no kids of my own yet .
ha ha , but my firm is big though , small car big company
persona
my parents live across the street from me.
i'm in grad school.
i work in a coffee shop.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
persona II
i still like unicorns even though i am an adult.
i'm excellent at playing pool.
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
i want to write a book before i die.
i teach middle school art.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i'm doing well , what would you like to do before you die ?
probably have more coffee ha
haha , i would like to write a book . i would need a lot of coffee for that .
i work at a coffee place i can help
that's perfect . i'm a little weird though . i really like unicorns .
where do your parents live ?
they live in the same town as i teach middle school in , chicago .
mine literally live across the road
that's always nice . anywhere you would like to go visit ?
them across the street i suppose
haha , got any hobbies you are good at ?
just being an amazing barista
persona
i work for a large company.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i like to eat food.
i listen to rock music.
persona II
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i have six older sisters.
i love walking in the park.
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello and how are you today ?
i am well just hanging out watching tv . you ?
listening to music , not working today ?
nah i am not on the schedule for a couple days . you ?
working , waiting for lunch , i love to eat .
me too . i might crack open a cold one here in minute . what are you listening to ?
lukas graham , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
sounds like a country singer . i like to eat chocolate . any hobbies ?
i love mostly anything . swimming i'd say first love .
cool i like walking in the park . i love it actually
hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream
are you a daydream believer ?
yep , want to win the lottery , doesn't everybody ?
yeah . i like sports betting . try not to have bias though
sounds like you keep busy .
persona
i love her though.
i do not think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
currently , i am saving up to get some procedures done.
persona II
i married my high school sweetheart.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i love to go shopping.
i teach first grade.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
man i am having a rough day today .
why , whats happening ? can it be worse than a morning herding 1st graders in fire drill ?
just not happy . my girlfriend never understands me .
sorry to hear that ! what happened ? i am married to same guy since hs , bring drama ! !
well i want to go clubbing , and dress up and she hates it .
hang on , let me get more ice tea . you are a dude dressing as a woman ? ?
haha , no wear nice clothes .
i loooooove shopping , cannot get why that would be a problem . nice clothes good !
she only wears jeans and a t shirt , that gets old ,
oooh , idea ! spill something on her clothes so she will have to buy new nicer ones !
she would probably just dig out a pair of my old clothes .
persona
i love to shop.
i drive a bmw.
i have a lot of friends.
i am in debt.
i'm single.
persona II
my back hurts chronically.
i am an old soul.
i tend to work myself up.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
i just want my voice to be heard.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i am anne ! nice to meet you !
hey anne . how are you this fine night ? my back hurts .
i am sorry to hear that . i am doing great !
good for you . i get worked up about so much !
that's not healthy . i find shopping relieves my stress
i love to shop ! i really wish i lived in the 30s .
tooth , but the car trunks were so small ! not that my seemers that big . . .
that's true ! and society did not allow for women to have opinions .
true . but i bet women then could not rack up as much debt as i can now !
that is so true ! good thing we live now , right ! ll
exactly ! ll and being single at my age would be a scandal !
persona
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i'm an actor.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
now i'm a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
persona II
i also like to mountain bike.
i love to hike.
i've visited 12 national parks in the us.
i am an environmental activist.
i live in vermont.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! do you watch telenovela shows ?
hi what is telenovela shows ?
it is a spanish soap opera .
i don't know to much spanish but i love soap opera
i learned spanish by doing commercials . i am an actress .
how long have you been an actress ?
i started when i was ten . so , almost 15 years .
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i go to spas and hang out with my dog .
i love to go shopping and play video games go out to the movies
i am an actress , so i do not care for movies .
where were you born and raised growing up ?
i am an ohio native ! what about you ?
i am from newyork what are some fun things to do in ohio ?
the rock and roll hall of fame , hike , sports , cedar point , etc
persona
i am not thin.
i like to sew.
i have one cat.
i am short.
my hair is brown.
persona II
i like reading horror novels.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey you ! what did you do today ?
i drink pepsi as i look down on you .
oh you sound mean . i am fat too
i eat hot dogs as i read horror novels .
do you sew or crochet ? i do
i listen to trap rap while i watch birds on the weekends .
you sound interesting . what do you look like ?
what is your gender ? i look like an ugly super model .
haha i'm a girl . short , fat , with brown hair
i love short fat girls .
we would get along then ! tell me you love cats too
cats are cool , but i like them to stay away from my chinchilla .
aw my cat would love your chinchilla . they can cuddle
it is good you have brown hair . short , fat , blonde girls are less than .
you would think i'm really hot then
persona
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i love riding roller coasters.
i am training to be a welder.
persona II
i love to recycle.
i am a hippie.
i have curly , red hair.
i have two tattoos.
i drive a large , blue van.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing all good how you
good just finished my training last week to become a welder .
that's awesome and i'm really excited
why are you really excited ?
recycling the stuffs we have here
cool . what is your favorite thing to do ? mine is riding roller coasters .
driving my huge van it is blue
cool . do you have a dad ? mine left when i was 5 .
i do i actually followed his tattoo i have two
that's great ! i'm going to start an internship soon , at a construction site .
the red hair i got it too but i don't like the curly
curly hair can be a pain !
yes ; i stand to be a hippie
lol well everyone has to be something !
persona
i'm an actress and i work at a grocery store.
i take great care of my skin.
i never cook.
i like to dress up for other people.
i think i'll be famous one day.
persona II
i am almost 7 feet tall.
i'm not a basketball player though.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
i would like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you , what do you do for a living ?
i work for ibm in the windy city . where do you work ?
i am self employed but i want to be a famous actor singer
everyone says i could be a famous basketball player , i am 6 10
right , i love the arts music just want to share my gift
what kind of music would you create ? i love the rolling stones .
i grew up doing gospel , but i play rb , jazz , oldie pop
if i was famous i'd retire to hawaii , but i have to wait a bit .
haha that sounds awesome , it would be a dream come true !
definitely ! do you have any other hobbies ?
not really , i just love music singing acting
you must be creative , people like you do well in my field at ibm .
thanks , you think so ?
persona
i sing in the shower.
i also own a cupcake business.
i am always late.
i work in a diner.
persona II
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
since young i've loved fashion.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
pretty good as the new coco chanel pantsuit just came out .
oh ? i take it you are into fashion ?
since i was born ! love it . moved to ny to learn more .
cool . i don't know a lick about fashion .
well when i need some inspiration i go clothes shopping !
i would rather cook and bake than clothes shop .
mmm . i love food . what do you cook ?
the usual stuff , but baking is the best . i own a cupcake business .
mmmm . what is your best seller ?
my peanut butter and bacon cupcakes sell the best .
oh wow . sounds interesting . i'd like peanut butter and chocolate .
it is interesting , but sometimes you need to think outside of the box .
persona
i like to mountain bike.
i like to drink tea.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to draw other people.
persona II
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i am vegan.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , mountain bike is my favorite sport
sounds like good exercise . in the country or city trails ?
i hope you have a good sense of humor .
of course . there is not much room here for country style sports .
the country is where i am now , do you draw ?
no , i am a clerk at a grocery store . i do sometimes work on an urban farm .
yeah , you are right . i do drawings of people on the streets walking .
do you think you could tell by looking at someone what they eat ?
do you like tea ? i love it .
i love tea . i went vegan only a year ago . i love veggies and fruit .
tell what ? let me know what you mean by that ?
like do they eat animals or plants ? i thought i would start people watching at the store .
you sound like you are very healthy
i try to be . i also do some tours at the farm where i volunteer .
people watching ? that's a hobby that you enjoy ?
persona
i go to bed pretty late.
my passion is in programming.
i am in school to be a computer engineer.
my best friend is gay.
one day i hope to own my own company.
persona II
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i am recently divorced.
i work as a mall cop.
i am trying to write an ebook on animals.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey you . what is going on ?
hello , do you like corvettes as much as i do ?
they're okay . i am much more passionate about computer programming
i make hot dogs for a living .
yummy . i love hot dogs . i bet that is a fun job
that is funny , i don't get along with my wife
that is so unfortunate . i am sorry
the divorce wasn't so bad
sometimes it is for the best .
i really like dogs better anyway
my gay best friend would rather have a dog too
they're the best , did i tell you i'm a cop at the mall ?
no but that sounds like an interesting job
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
ew ! so strange . i eat a lot of taco bell as a student
persona
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
i hit for over forty million dollars.
one day i played the lottery.
i'll never punch a clock again.
persona II
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i'm a vegan.
i m a student.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i m so glad to be done with the  5 life
hey there , ever ate vegan food ?
no i haven t but it s something i just been able to afford regularly
i agree me too , i visit museums in my spare time
that s great ! what are your thoughts on working 9 5 ?
i don't get what you meant far as that but okay , that is how i eat .
have you every tried your luck with the lottery ?
no i wouldn't mind trying it out though , you ?
yes actually i recently hit the jackpot and i m loving life , you should try it !
i figured you did that's really cool
my goal of never clocking in again came so unexpectedly ! how s your life ?
my life is great i want to be a teacher
that s a very rewarding career field i heard . what interests you about it ?
persona
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like cats.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like being weird.
i like to watch anime.
persona II
my father is a preacher.
i have a horse named beauty.
i live in a house in the country.
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i'm pregnant with my first child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey . how are you doing this fine day ?
good . just got back from a ride on beauty . . . she's my horse
sounds fun is it a pony ? all i got is cats to play with .
clydesdale actually . . . ooh i love cats . names ?
my little . trying to watch the dragon ball z .
my husband likes that show . said he picked it up when he was over seas
over seas sounds nice . you must miss him . my cat is nice .
the army does take him away from me a lot
does the army let you have a cat ?
not in the barracks , but we live off base
how many horses you have and that is good
just the one . . . last ride on her today though
sounds fun . this dragon ball z is amazing .
watching it with your cats ? do they like goku ?
my cats is amazing and do you have any ? goku is great .
persona
i like to bake for them.
i live in a retirement home.
i'm an old woman.
my grandsons favorite type of cake is chocolate.
persona II
winters my favorite time of the year.
i am deathly terrified of heights.
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
hi , i'm doing well and you ?
not too bad . i'm waiting for my chocolate cake to finish baking .
ooh , i love chocolate cake
so does my grandson ! i really enjoy baking . what do you like to do ?
i love watching game of thrones . i am excited to see who will be on the iron throne
i can never understand that show . i must be too old for it .
its just mostly paying attention to what the characters say .
i would rather watch days of our lives . now , that is the drama i like .
i've never seen days of our lives
if you like game of thrones , i doubt you'll enjoy a soap opera .
persona
i look down on people who did not.
i eat out more than three times a week.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i believe the rich shouldn't be taxed as much.
i work in finance.
persona II
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i have no parents or siblings.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i'm incredibly smart.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . and you ?
i'm doing awesome ! i had breakfast at a great restaurant .
oh , what did you eat ?
chicken and waffles with ambrosia
the chicken and waffles sound good .
very . i am in finance , what do you do ?
i work in education .
nice ! i went to an ivy league school , where did you go ?
just a local one in state .
ah . okay . are you active in politics ?
persona
i am a great baker.
i like to hunt for my food.
i've few friends.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i like to sew.
persona II
i want to climb mount everest.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
i've shot a lion.
i like to play with clay models.
i'm not a good artist.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i make better chocolate cake than they serve at mar a ago i bet !
i bet the lion i shot would love your cake !
i'm a hunter and i seriously doubt you shot a lion or that it eats cake !
well it doesn't anymore that is for sure .
i only hunt to eat not for trophies . why you kill a lion ?
i like to do great things like climb mount everest
only rich people climb mount everest . how is that great ?
great and terrible things , only fit people climb everest .
whatever . i would much rather stay at home and make fur coats from rabbits i kill
cool ! . you should make one out of lion .
lion fur is rough . and it stinks . you do not sew much do you ?
persona
i believe dragons are real.
i play d and d.
i hate talking to people.
nachos are my favorite food.
i should beverage been born a prince.
persona II
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i love watching old movies.
i am a yoga instructor.
i've two adopted kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing
hi ! i'm great , thanks for asking ! and you ?
i am great . i just need to get through my game
oh , cool , what game are you playing ?
dungeons and dragons . i wish i could live in the game .
awesome ! my favorite thing to do is watch old movies , i think they played that in one .
that sounds nice . what movies do you like ?
i like all kinds ! what do you do for a living ?
i work on video games
oh , neat ! yoga instructor here . my wife is a diesel mechanic .
that sounds very interesting . do you like it ?
i do . i want to visit quebec , canada in the future with our savings .
i want to visit another world
i . . am not sure if you can do that ? do you have any kids ?
no i do not in this world
persona
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
i love to read.
persona II
my mom is a nurse.
i've three tattoos.
i work at a bookstore.
i never knew my dad.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing pretty ok
what do you do for a living ?
i work at bookstore how about you
i work for a greeting card company .
what do you do there
i proof read cards . do you have any hobbies ?
yes i read books
do you like movies ? my favorite is goodfellas .
yes i watch movies
i like to read in my spare time .
yes i like that since i work in a book store
do you enjoy watching sports ?
persona
my name is omar.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
i'm the youngest of three brothers.
persona II
i don t like trying new things.
i want to be alone sometimes.
i like the library.
i don t trust anyone.
i feel competitive against other women.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i'm omar . how are you ?
i'm okay , just came back from the library .
cool . where do you live ? i'm on a small farm in ohio .
small world , i'm in ohio as well .
cool ! do you have any siblings ?
i don't , good thing as i prefer to be alone , i don't trust others .
oh . i have three brothers and i'm the youngest .
i would not like that at all . i do not like change .
do you play any musical instruments ?
no , i do not . i do not like music very much .
oh . i am in a local band and i play the guitar .
my main competition is other women , they think they are better than i am .
that sucks . i'm sorry you are going through that .
it is okay , the librarian is the worst though
yes . they're always feisty .
persona
i need a soda with me at all times.
i like the group the rolling stones.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i do not eat healthy.
persona II
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i chew my nails.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
whats going on , have a good day ?
i was studying but now i'm just chewing my nails , such a nasty habit !
yes that's a bad habit . i have to have soda all the time . that's bad to
what do you do for a living ?
i am a restaurant owner . my diet is horrid lol i eat junk all day
i am studying to be a teacher . special education . i love twinkies !
oh that's awesome ! my sister is a teacher . whats your fav band ?
american psychos , they're a local punk band and i see them often .
oh sweet ! i love pop punk . i am obsessed with the rolling stones though
you'd love american psychos then . i also like classic rock .
i will have to check them out . do you like a day to remember ? ?
i know them ! from florida , right ? punk was my outlet as a navy brat .
yea they are from fl . i am in a band called broken city sky . check us out !
persona
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
persona II
i like to ride my bike.
i have beard that is longer.
i am a younger guy.
i own a dog that's small.
i like to play football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , hello , how are you ?
hi there . i am just combing my beard
sick ! you condition ? gotta keep soft
yep . ride my bike to the store to get special conditioner every week .
i learned about that while i was training over 20 different animals . what kind of bike ?
a mountain bike . i like to get the miles in while i am younger .
that's cool . i got a single speed i like to cruise around when its not 100 degrees
i've a basket i bring my little dog along in .
ah shoots . whats its name ? i am picturing a et type of move
that's right . her name is button . there's even room for a football . i love to play .
i love my wife , i work with her . is that because she's cute as a button ?
yes . she's got big black eyes that look like buttons too .
adorable . tell me more about yourself
persona
i like to go to the opera.
i enjoy classical music.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i am six feet tall.
persona II
i live near a park.
i don't have a car.
i do not have any children.
i listen to podcasts.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i like being 6 feet tall . how tall are you ?
i am just a little over 6 foot so i am a little taller than you
i see . do you like being that tall ?
yes i do , i actually have a favorite podcast that i listen to about being tall
it is kind of a struggle for me sometimes as a woman .
yeah ? i am sorry to hear that , do you have any kids ?
no kids . i hope my kids will be as tall as me though .
yes i do not have kids either but i hope they're tall also
well , i hope they get our genes ! do you play basketball ?
i do tons have a park across the street from me to play
awesome ! i played in highschool .
how old are you ?
i'm turning 30 in a couple of months !
that is awesome have a big party planned ?
nothing yet . maybe watch some nba .
persona
my favorite food is popcorn.
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
i like to snowboard.
persona II
i work in a factory.
i don't eat well.
i sleep most of the day.
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i'm not social.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i live way out here in rural wisconsin . how are you today ?
eat junk food and sleep all day except at work at the factory .
that doesn't sound healthy . like to snack on popcorn .
i have a poor diet it can lead to cognitive deficiencies . my social skills are poor
bummer . i like to stay active by horseback riding and snowboarding
i like bareback riding too but i'm so lazy
my bro used is lazy now . he used to play in the nfl but retired
no way is your bro jj watt ?
yep ! he gave all my inheritance to the harvey victims .
sucks for the irma victims and jose victims you know
yes , but we will help them out too
persona
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
i work in retail.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
i love music.
madonna is my all time favorite.
persona II
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i am from san fransico.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . do you like music ? i love gaga and madonna .
hi there . i like music , but i always buy the beer when my friends go out
i love beer so expensive at concerts though . i go to at least ten a year .
that's nice . i live in san fran and beer a lot of beer
i could never afford to live there . not on my walmart salary .
well i've not seen my feet in two years because of my beer gut
uh oh . time for planet fitness haha .
i bet , but it isn't my fault . i blame other people
that's the cheaters way out ! haha
well , smelling my own farts is one of my favorite things
that's really gross , but to each his own .
anything else nice about you ?
well i love to read .
i bet reading is nice .
yea , i am shy so i stay home a lot aside from the concerts .
persona
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i am going to be the starting shortstop.
i'm 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
persona II
i like imagine dragons.
i like to kayak.
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to fly model airplanes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi what do you think baseball
i do not have much of an opinion . you ?
i'm started shortstop . i'm in baseball team .
that is cool ! i do kayaking personally
not much . mike trout is my idol .
who is that ? i have no idea who that's
he's famous baseball player .
oh okay . my idol is the lead singer from imagine dragons
do you have good at sing ? my old is 19 .
i'm a model airplane flyer , but that's about it
cool . we are very different .
we are but that is not bad . do you like any special food ?
i like fish . what do you like ?
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i'm an insurance salesman.
i post on reduit often.
persona II
i have a french bulldog.
my feet are size six womens.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
i play bass.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! just came back from my weekend bike ride , do you wanna chat ?
sure i do , how was your bike ride ?
so nice , i sale insurance and with the hurricanes has been very stressful .
i work at sears , selling home appliances , but my dream is to be a journalist
went to sears yesterday , bought some blue paint for my house .
i hope you were satisfied with the customer service there
not really , i posted a comment in my reduit account .
well , i apologize for what went wrong
it isn't your fault .
i still want to apologize as being one of the employees at a certain location
ok , apology accepted , i will post how nice you are !
you seem like a loyal customer , hopefully you continue shopping with us
i will need some more blue paint , so sure !
persona
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i've braces.
i'm fifteen years old.
persona II
my name is kevin.
i am a student in college.
i'm studying software development.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i play the guitar.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i am ok . i am kevin . whats your name ?
i am not sure but my dog is maddie
i love dogs . i cannot have one since i live in a college dorm .
oh dang i am on fifteen heh
wow ! a dog would be great to join me in my workouts .
they're quite energetic . i got yucky braves .
are you in school ?
i should be buy i am playing hoolie
i am majoring in development of software . it is fun learning this new thing .
i bet . everything is new to me because i'm a teen .
you have plenty of time to learn . i play guitar . you play ?
i do not i study science mostly its fascinating
i am not a great science student but i try .
are you smarter than a 10th grader ? p
persona
i am bored with my current lifestyle.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i wish i could speak another language.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
persona II
many of my former students like to visit me.
we plan to travel after he retires.
my husband will retire next year.
i like to take walks.
i am a retired school teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i've a confession . . . i my name is mark and i catfish people
what do you do for a living ?
nothing really i make loads on being an international catfish
what city are you from ?
miami . . . i live in little cuba , but i wish i lived in europe .
i used to teach in tx now i am in cali
what do you do ? can you speak another language ?
i'm retired now , just thinking of traveling
to europe ? i google europe for about  hours a day !
i want to go to europe after my husband retires next year
awesome ! i'm supposed to go meet my online gf but i'm a catfish
who are you pretending to be ?
anyone european , my life is boring , but hero culture is wow ! do you like movies ?
yes i do i like horror
i love foreign horror ! much scarier .
persona
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i cannot get enough of rap music , its so good.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
persona II
my favorite hero is superman.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i'm 8 years old.
i love comic books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello care to chat with a rap music lover ?
my mommy wo not let me listen to rap . i'm only 8 years old .
oh well maybe when your older ? do you have any hobbies ?
i love reading comic books ! how about you ?
i like sleeping . that happens when you get old .
well when i get old i'm going to be superman !
awesome ! do you like ergonomic keyboards or chairs ?
ergonomic ? what does that mean ?
is just a special design of where to place items . its pretty awesome .
sounds cool ! maybe i'll learn more big words in school this week !
yes . so do you have brothers and sisters ?
persona
i can speak three languages.
i love being in nature.
my mother is a teacher.
i cook well.
persona II
i own my own business.
my brother lives in england.
my favorite tv show is friends.
i have a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite food is sushi.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there i love this weather an the trees an the clouds
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
i'm well trying to teach my kids things
that sounds fun . do you watch tv ? i love friends . easily my favorite show
no i just teach my kids my languages an cook all the time
you cook ? can you make sushi ? i love sushi . i could eat it every day
no but i do love it !
what do you do for work ? i am a business owner
i do not work at all . just my mom teaches .
oh ok . i'm ready for a vacation lol . i'm thinking mexico . my timeshare is down there
cool i'd love to travel i like different environments
yea i've a brother over in england . its beautiful over there
it would nice too see !
persona
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
persona II
i like to ride motorcycles.
i ride horses.
i collect vintage cars.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i've many homes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . got any burritos . my favorite food is burritos
hi there . i do not like burritos .
do you like to hike ? i love to hike and be outside !
yes i do . i like riding motorcycles and horses . do you ?
no . i am close to my mom the hiker but not my dad who rides motorcycles .
i am a big vintage car collector ! are you into them ?
those are so cool . really expensive though !
yes definitely . i own many homes though . my work pay is great .
i wish mine was . i barely make minimum wage .
you'll get there ! do you have meat a lot ? i try to limit for health reasons !
i am vegan so no i do not . what do you do for work ?
persona
i am married.
i own a cleaning company.
my mother was a teacher.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
persona II
i like comic books and anime.
i'm gay but i have not told my parents yet.
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello hi how are you ?
i'm doing well ! tell me about yourself .
i got married , how about you ?
oh , congrats ! i am currently single . how did you meet your spouse ?
we met at a bookstore , near the nicholas sparks section my favorite
oh , how romantic ! i haven't come out to my parents yet .
good luck with that , i hope you are happier after being more open
thank you . what are your weekend plans ?
my plans are to plan for next week . howa bout you
pretty much the same . i need a hobby .
how about writing , do you like that ?
i haven't really tried . . . do you write ?
i do a bit , mostly journaling . do you like to sing ?
not really , i'm not super talented !
if you love it , if it makes you feel better , than you have got talent
persona
i love to draw.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i'm a very tall woman.
my family came from greece in the 1950 s.
persona II
my parents are distant.
i see a therapist that doesn t really understand me.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
i have trouble feeling emotion.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi do you have any hobbies i love drawing
hello my hobby is to sleep all day
wow i am 2nd generation from greece
awesome my brother stays in trouble
well people think i'm a guy cause i'm so tall
well how tall are you then
5 foot 9 and i love asian fusion
that is tall . i do no wear my heart on my sleeve
men are intimidated by my height
i bet so but you are probably perfect
nah far from it but black n white hair 3 tattoos but my height is a problem
it is gonna be alright
i hope so cause i want a family beyond my animals
you will one day . stay out of trouble
never been to jail and only 1 parking and 2 speeding tickets ever
persona
i like to cook.
i m scared of clowns.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two roomates.
i've two dogs.
persona II
my passion is photography.
my favorite color is blue.
i am a freshman at nyu.
i have two older brothers.
i am the youngest in my family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
not so bad . how about yourself ?
very well . just cooking dinner , so that makes me happy .
yum . what are you cooking ?
lasagna for my room mates . i've two . do you live alone ?
i live in a dorm at nyu with a roommate .
you are a student ? did you get stuck on the first floor ?
yup , going to school for photography , i love it ! second floor actually
i am looking for someone to take pictures of my dogs .
cool , how many dogs do you have ?
just 2 , plenty for living on the third floor . do you have pets ?
no pets . two brothers so our house was always plenty full .
i imagine . must be a circus . i am afraid of clowns .
clowns are scary , i totally get that !
one of my room mates picks on me . the other room mate agrees .
persona
i m the world s best aunt.
i love trips to the beach.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
persona II
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
i'm a ballet dancer.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i am amanda ! tell me something interesting about yourself !
i love to eat hamburgers from five guys
yum ! i love five guys and i love anything italian ! especially cooking it
i also like watching movies with comedic actors
that is cool do you travel i love hitting the beach near me
i love to travel . we also have beaches near here .
do you have any pets i bring my pug everywhere with me !
we have a pembroke welsh corgi
that is so cute ! i love my pup i am obsessed with him and my nieces !
i like to dance , especially ballet
i am like the best aunt ever !
i am a grandmother of 7
7 wow ! i've 5 nieces !
wow they must keep you busy
they do ! but they're so worth it !
persona
i love art.
i am currently pregnant with my second child.
my husband in an engineer.
i am a stay at home mom.
persona II
i work full time.
i like nature.
i like to go hiking.
i love eating out.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm so bored .
hi , i'm just relaxing on my porch enjoying nature .
i am so uncomfortable , huge and pregnant .
aww i feel for you ! are you having a boy or girl ?
i am keeping it a surprise this time .
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
a stay at home mom . what about you ?
i'm a full time teacher .
can you teach me something ?
what would you like to learn ? lol
whatever you want to teach me
the suns rays danced across the ocean is an example of personification .
that sounds pretty boring .
persona
i'm a paramedic.
i've three sisters.
i am studying to become a nurse.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i live in a studio apartment.
persona II
i am from mexico.
i used to be a chef , but i am a teacher now.
i like to go on walks.
i like to bake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
working at the fire station as a paramedic . whats up out there ?
just grading a quiz from yesterday . i'm a teacher .
awesome i love teachers . i'm studying to be a rn soon
that's rewarding . i used to work in a hospital in mexico .
i've 3 sisters who live in mexico
i am about to go for a walk want to come ?
sure i like to listen to music when i walk . i like the beatles
that's fine . maybe after we can bake some cookies !
yes i can bake some in my studio apartment . i've a small oven
sounds good we can make some mexican cookies !
you sound like a professional cook !
i was a chef before i got into teaching .
that is a great combination someone who cooks well and can teach it !
persona
i work for a large hospital.
boating is my favorite activity.
i live in a large home.
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
i am a doctor.
persona II
i like classic radio programs.
i love my impala.
i enjoy fishing.
summer is my favorite season.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there i feel like i never rest as a doctor
i like to relax in my impala and listen to classic music stations
this hospital is just so huge , really ? i like that on my boat .
must be nice in the summer i love summer , its the best season
yes me too ! i hate it is ending soon
me too . i do a lot of fishing in the summer . what about you ?
i i just enjoy the boating when we aren't vacationing
nothing better than driving around on a sunny day in my impala !
what is the biggest fish you caught ?
believe it or not , i like to catch and release !
what was the biggest that you caught ?
i caught a fish that was 26 kg
i couldn't let it go i like fish to eat lol
persona
i was diagnosed with autism.
i listen to linking park , i don't know why.
people in school said i was quiet.
i haven't done anything since high school.
persona II
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i'm deathly terrified of heights.
winters my favorite time of the year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi hows it going with you ?
pretty well , i cannot complant .
that is good . what kind of work do you do ?
not working now and have some time for fun . i like games .
i like games but don't have anyone to play with
are you into game of thrones ?
not familiar with it . you ?
yes and i'm excited to see how it ends
cool . i watch lots of tv because i've nothing else to do
i wish they make a new game of thrones with all new characters .
i'm sure that would be cool
persona
i like to cook stews.
i'm a older lady.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i love to eat cheese.
persona II
my car is over 20 years old.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my mother was a school music teacher.
my dad was a preacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how is your day going ?
been fixing my car all day
oh my . my grandson loves to fix cars . is everything ok now ?
its over 20 years old .
so is my grandson ! its not easy getting old for people or cars .
i want a new car so bad
is it something you can afford soon ?
no , i'm in debt . serious debt
sorry . my income is pretty limited after getting on medicare .
what do you do for living
i am long retired . now i watch a lot of tv and cook for my family .
persona
i am a viking.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
i've a big beard.
persona II
i like sleeping in.
i love fall and winter.
i sometimes wonder why i am not married.
i have brown hair.
i like eating healthy foods.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! hows your weekend going ?
hi my weekend is going geat yours ?
been repairing my boat so i can get back out on the open seas .
the ocean is terrifying in my opinion
no place better to fish , pillage and plunder and drink mead !
you are a viking like in real life ?
we don't just like in minnesota ! ll indeed so . how about you ?
i am not a viking but i pillage and plunder my fridge
ha ! i knew i liked you from the start !
i have always been interested in how the vikings moved about with such precision
we have a long history of good map making and navigating .
i like how they bury there dead
not pleasant , but must be done . so why do you not like the ocean ?
persona
my favorite singer is britney spears.
i love the color pink.
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
persona II
i own 10 cats.
i have long red hair.
i don't eat asparagus.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i work at home on my computer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you this evening
it is going pretty well getting some work done
what do you do for a living ?
i work as programmer
that sounds like an interesting job
yes i like it it allows me to work from home
that would be so nice ! working in your pajamas all day
not in my pajamas but yes it is nice
do you have any hobbies ?
not really my ten cats keep me busy
wow , 10 cats ! that sounds like a cuddly handful
yes they keep me busy
i really enjoy the outdoors
persona
i live alone.
i like to play video games.
i play guitar on my free time.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
persona II
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
i live in a big city.
i enjoy video games.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
i enjoy singing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon and i hope it is a good one
it is pretty good thanks . how are you ?
good just hanging out in my empty apartment playing some video games
i love video games . what is your favorite ?
i'm really good at monopoly
i did not know that monopoly was a video game
yeah it is a fun game
i mostly like single player rpgs on my xbox
i do not have a lot of spare time but when i do it is fun
do you like to watch movies ?
sometimes but i do play my guitar a lot
what is your favorite genre of music ?
i like different types of spanish music
do you also play spanish guitar ?
yes i am learning how to play
persona
i am single.
i teach a yoga class.
my mother was a teacher.
my favorite food is salad.
i enjoy nature.
persona II
i am a violinist.
my mother was a nurse.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you
i'm doing good tell me about yourself
i'm really into nature and yoga . you ?
i play the violin , that's my favorite hobby
that's a great instrument .
yeah , my parents used to hit me when i was a child so i'd practice it
oh gosh
yeah , and i've played it since the age of four .
what kind of food od you like ?
i recently discovered a love for indian food , and yourself ?
i've been experimenting with different salad recipes lately
i am sorry , your life sounds worse than mine
ahahah its not that bad
persona
i'm diabetic.
i like video games.
my mother worked for apple.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i have never been employed.
persona II
i am an art teacher.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i like to sew my own clothing.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! !
hello ! what do you do ?
pretty good you ?
good , planning my next round of thrift shop visits .
do you like sugar ?
i guess as much as the next person . why ?
i am diabetic . lucky
that must be hard . can you have sugar at all ?
nope , it will put me right in a coma . do you like music ?
i am more into making my own clothing .
very cool . i have never been employed .
no ? i am an art teacher , so i am around kids all the time .
my mom works at apple . are you a mom ?
persona
i am a professional basketball player.
i play for the washington wizards.
i went to college in maryland.
i make 35 million a year.
i live in huge mansion.
persona II
i coexist well with my husband.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
i've a friend group , but i do not like any of them.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i am good thank you . how are you ?
ok just getting for my limo driver
i just got home from an early game of basketball .
really ! was it a nba game
no just a small game between a few friends and myself at the gym .
i play basketball at maryland college
oh nice ! i also do cross country try outs .
my favorite nba team is the wizards
i prefer the mavericks myself .
ok i played against them and i scored 45 points
45 points is alot . . you must be really good .
yes i'm one of the highest paid player in the nba
persona
i am seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is calden.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
persona II
i am too short to reach the top shelf.
i've the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i'm pretty down today
oh no whats going on ?
i need a little help in the kitchen all the time , lol
i am afraid i am not much help there too short to reach the shelves !
me too lol ! i am a little weird too especially with vegetables ha !
funny enough i can always tell when someone has had asparagus .
this is really weird lol me too
maybe we are twins . are you short too ?
yes i am ! i am going to have me a steak today !
let me guess , you like it medium rare ?
yes i do , an i like 5 different coffees
persona
the future scares me.
i have six siblings.
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my adopted dad works at hp.
persona II
i help my neighbor.
i have a dog and we go for walks.
i live in a city.
i like to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i am a grandmother.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
hello , i am doing well thank you . you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
absolutely ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i love the outdoors . . . hiking camping
that is great ! i love to get outdoor too . i take my do on walks frequently .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm retired . i spend time with my grandchildren and neighbor when i'm not at the farmers market .
do you have any hobbies ?
those keep me pretty busy along with my dog living in the city . yourself ?
i like the outdoors , hiking camping
yes i remember . what do you do for a living ?
i work at the library
that must be nice , all the solitude .
its a very peaceful enviroment
persona
i work as a stand up comedian.
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
persona II
my children are a disappointment.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i married miss usa.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
i am bored of my maids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i'm ever so bored of these simpletons . you ?
i'm a stan up comic , simpletons are how i make a living
i have everything money can buy . . . what do i do with all this money
must be nice to have that problem . i still have to work
i married a beautiful woman , miss usa but she bores me . . . as do the maids
sounds like you could be in the tv show i once had a part in
you sound successful . . . unlike my children . disappointments plain amd simple
i hope so . although my parents wish i was not an actor
i'll adopt you . you will take my fortune when i die
that would be great . i can support the theatre
so long as you bring me cheesecake . its my favorite
cheesecake is my favorite ! cheesecake foredays
persona
i like to role play.
i'm a morning person.
i don't like animals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love cars.
persona II
i still live at home with my parents.
i eat all take out.
i play video games all day.
i'm 32.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
good morning how are you ?
good morning , mornings are for me , because mornings are mornings .
lol i guess you are a morning person i take it ?
i am , are we in love ? i enjoy role playing .
like take out ? i love it
sure let us get pizza together
i love pizza what kind do you like ?
pizza that i can eat in cars that i love . you ?
lol me too , like video games ?
yep , pew pew , gg , not too fond of animals though .
i live with my people
who are your people then ?
my parents , i'm too old for it .
your parents are people ? do they eat mornings ?
persona
i want to move to london when i get older.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i love soccer.
i like to invest in the stock market.
persona II
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing
i would be doing a lot better if i had gummy worms .
yes tell me about it . . . . i love those things
do you read much ?
yes always . . . . what do you read
i am very passionate about sci fi space adventure novels .
what do you do for a living
i work in a warehouse . what about you ?
i'm an accountant for the nike company .
wow ! with the money you make you probably never run out of gummy worms !
ll you should invest in gummy worms stock
persona
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn t very personally fulfilling.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
persona II
i like to go hiking.
i like nature.
my favorite color is blue.
i love eating out.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how do you feel about the current political climate ? it is distracting from work
it is , i actually go for hikes often when it is too heated
working with law should make me feel empowered but only online activism helps . .
i'm actually a hippy who loves nature so i know what activism is
lately i've been reading to distract myself from work and politics , activism is exhausting
that's interesting , i like to read when i eat out
what do you read ? i prefer female authors more , somehow
i'm actually reading a blue book called sky , my favorite color
read 50 shades of gray , that is a book by a woman i do not like !
interesting , i figured a man wrote it
as did i at first , i fell down a political rabbit hole researching it !
i hate politics in general and dread elections
they are inevitably going to affect our lives in different ways , unlike my job
persona
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
i'm single.
i am in debt.
persona II
i have a younger sibling.
i have flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
my befriend is from out of town.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey what up its by
hey by ! did you see that hockey game ? out of control !
no which one ? last night ?
yeah . my bff is here from out of town and we watch . drank too many beers . . .
sounds fun ! i have a bunch of hockey gear i bought and never used , lol
you sound like my little bro . he's always buying stuff and forgetting he has it .
i'm always buying stuff and forgetting how much i spent . until i check my bank statement . yikes !
right ? that can be an unwelcome surprise .
ya . but not as unwelcomed as the time i almost had my beemer repossessed !
oh man . that sucks . i drive a beat up vw . no will repo that !
haha . but i got it back tho . its nice to take about on first dates !
ha ! i am sure . best 1st date i had we flew to cab . totally insane !
wow ! that sounds amazing ! very flashy
persona
i have red hair.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i live close to the coast.
i work at a retail store.
persona II
i have a french bulldog.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
my feet are size six women s.
i play bass.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing today ?
hello , i am relaxing with my pup and listening to the chili peppers .
i love that band . what do you do for work ?
i don't work , i play in a band .
i'd much rather do that than work at target like i do
my husband is a detective , and gone a lot . it is a hobby .
i bet you miss him often
i do . he's in the gang unit , so i worry a lot .
oh wow , i bet . what does he look like ?
tall , brown hair and brown eyes . he looks like a football coach , lol
he sounds handsome . much better than me with my red hair
i am a redhead too , lol . i look hot !
oh well that makes one of us !
i'm sure you are beautiful , all women are beautiful
thank you . that is the sweetest thing anyone has said to me
persona
i like to go to the lake.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
i've 3 dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i'm on a diet.
i cannot drive.
i've been married eight years.
i'm thirty two years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey you like water ? i do
hello i'm a middle aged woman in my 30s
nice , do you like the lake ? i do i go often
are you married ? i am i've been for over 7 years
no not yet i like enjoying horror books
i wish i could drive but i cannot
i just have animals 3
cool . i need to lose weight . thinking of looking up dieting tips
well why cannot you drive ? i work at the bank
don't have a car right now to drive
my color is blue its my favorite
persona
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
persona II
i hit for over forty million dollars.
i will never punch a clock again.
i'm rich beyond my dreams.
one day i played the lottery.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! what is your name and where are you from ?
hi names randy and i live in wisconsin , i played the lottery and won 40m .
oh my gosh that's amazing ! congrats ! what will you do with it all ?
well putting it away and then putting some through investment .
smart move ! i don't have 40m but i make ok money as a teacher !
i don't have to clock in ever again . freedom ! ! lol
haha you can go and travel the world ! where would you want to go ?
well going to try and travel to europe . never have been .
i was born in switzerland ! you should go it is beautiful !
i feel blessed to be rich . i never would have dream this could happen .
yes not many are as fortunate . that's why i want to be a teacher !
i'd love to visit switzerland ! come pick me up at the airport ?
do not live there anymore lol i live in america now and go to college !
wow . ok . well i can take you with me .
haha you barely know me ! you are very spontaneous and romantic i see !
persona
i like crocheting.
i'm a woman.
i've five children.
i am married to a man.
i love cats.
persona II
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is cayden.
i'm seven years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hi . my name is anne . i'm great . how about yourself ?
hi anne ! my name is becky . i'm doing great too . have any hobbies ?
hey becky . yes , i love playing soccer . how about you ?
i like to crochet , thank you for asking . i like to play with my cats too , haha .
nice . how old are you ? i'm currently seven years old .
oh that's sweet , i'm 33 years old . i have a daughter that's 7 .
oh nice . i had applied for a gifted program but just got my rejection letter .
that is sad . i am sure you are very smart . are you ok ?
yeah . thanks . i am just very upset . do you have a best friend ?
i used to but i am just so busy now . what about you ?
yes i have one and his name is cayden .
do you and cayden have any hobbies together ?
persona
i know how to pilot a plane.
my hobby is photography.
i'm a lawyer.
i do not own a television.
i live in the mountains.
persona II
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i've the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
i m too short to reach the top shelf.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you , did you ever fly a plane ?
no flying short old guy the top shelf is off limits to me
actually only short people can be fighter pilots
true i like iced coffee i've five flavors in my fridge right now
i'm more of a tea guy . i get my tea from china .
i've a weird gene i can tell when people have eaten asparagus
asparagus is used a lot in italian cuisine .
yes it is i like it with medium rare steak
oh , i don't eat steak i am a vegetarian .
it is a gray day here today going to watch some tv
what is on tv tonight ?
thursdays are never good maybe a college football game
let us hope there is a good movie on then . you can also stream it .
might have to go that route
i don't own a tv i only stream .
persona
i'm from san fransisco.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i've not seen my feet in two years.
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
persona II
i've several children.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
my parents are still married.
we have a dog.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey hey hey , wheres the beers , baby . . . .
i love to play with my children because i've several
i do not care baby lets have some brews for the gang . . . .
sorry , do not drink beer , not a baby but a woman
look what are you doing , i am just making an order this is not right
besides , i must obey my parents , they treasure moral values and still married
i am married to my farts . b
anyways , i live in a country area , and we going running with dog
yeah i've not seen my feet in two years cuz i drink so much beer
that's not polite to talk to a woman , not a baby
home you smell that delicious fart i'm in san francisco
please show some respect my children may see this
not my fault you came on this site come to san francisco i'll buy you a beer
persona
i go to a local college.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
i listen to classic rock.
i watch basketball.
persona II
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i love owning nice office supplies.
i've always wanted a pot bellied pig.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! what kind of music do you like ?
i am into hard rock . how about you ?
not far off ! i like classic rock . i am older though .
i appreciate classic rock as well . particularly april wine .
nice . i think i am one of the few at college that still listens .
cool . ever had to read anne of green gables ? great book .
that's a great book . i watch more basketball than read however .
fair enough . i think i spend more money on office supplies than books though .
coffee is expensive . i spend a lot of money on vegetables .
that's good . fresh veggies , or frozen ?
the fresher , the better ! sometimes frozen are good standbys though .
agreed . how do you feel about pot bellied pigs ?
they're really cute ! do you have one ?
no , but i really want one . i have been researching them .
you should get one and bring it over to watch the basketball game !
persona
i'm an environmental engineer.
i live alone.
i like to take photos.
i live in portland , maine.
i love to hike.
persona II
i run a small bakery.
i have a son.
i like going on walks.
i love to laugh.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning there . my name is ernie .
good morning , how are you doing today ?
great . i have the day off . engineering is my job . environmental . you ?
i run a small town bakery , just got home for getting things open .
oh nice . pretty chilly here in portland , maine .
little chilly on the west coast too . do you have kids , i've 1 son
no kids . no wife . quiet house .
ha ha , my son just left for college so quiet here too !
that's good . good boy . hobbies ? photography is a passion .
not to much , love long walks and great company . what do you photograph
nature mostly . i hike a lot and take a lot of pictures .
the most freeing experience is nature . just the sounds a lone are music
agree completely . what are your plan ? heading back to the bakery ?
nope done till closing time . just need to run a few errand and relax you ?
same here . relaxing today on this friday the 13th .
persona
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
i like to listen to rap music.
my car is black.
persona II
i work in a diner.
i also own a cupcake business.
i am always late.
i live with my best friend.
i sing in the shower.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! how are you today ?
hi i'm doing ok how are you
not too bad over here . just listening to some music .
i'm ready to take a shower for work . the shower is the only place i can sing
singing in the shower is awesome . i love singing california love in there .
i like that song too . my roommate hates when i sing but she's my best friend
i hear you . my roommate hates riding in the car with me . it is too fast .
lol i drive like you because i am never on time for anything
rap music helps me get moving faster when i am late . you should try it .
i like rock music the most . where do you work ?
i work for a limo service . i drive around my black car all day .
that sounds fun ! i have two jobs own a bakery and cook at a 24 hour restaurant
that's pretty cool ! i really like 2pac . you should play it in the restaurant .
persona
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i recently started to work online.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
my favorite band is the story so far.
persona II
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i like getting my nails done.
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i own a french bulldog.
i like drinking expensive wine.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you this morning ?
hi . good . can't wait to get my nails done this afternoon . you ?
looking at my past gigs of playing guitar
wish i played guitar . instead i drink expensive wine and listen to music .
who is your favorite band ? mine is the story so far
do not really have a favorite . my french bulldog likes taylor swift .
that's cool ! i've a miniature pinscher , but he never really cares for my guitar
i could take guitar lessons . my trust fund is the high life style .
nice ! i have newly began to work online , and i love it . love the lifestyle and freedom
i do not work myself . its more fun that way .
i previously used to work in a factory with many people
that would be bad for my nails . did i tell you about losing my diamond ?
we made boxes , so i did not really have any nails
i bet . that would definitely ruin them .
i also used to travel a lot . i played guitar in my band
persona
i've twelve kids.
i live in alabama.
i'm obese.
i have blonde hair.
persona II
i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i've perfect pitch.
i have been published in the new yorker magazine.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
how is your day going ?
not the worst . super tired from chasing my 12 kids around all day though
as a child i won a national spelling bee
you must be really smart
maybe just a little ! tell me something about yourself
well i'm from alabama living here with my husband and kids . do you work ?
i do . i actually just got published in the new yorker magazine
wow , you are definitely smart . i'm just a dumb blonde
your more than likely very smart !
nah i never got a job . the kids take up all my time . you have family ?
yes , i've one child , she is almost 3 years old
kids are a blessing . my youngest is 3 as well
so you have 12 children ? i couldn't even imagine that
it is crazy . somehow i'm still overweight even though i run after them all day
persona
i like cupcakes.
my favorite color is blue.
i have brown hair.
i work at a grocery store.
i like to read.
persona II
i want to get married again.
i wish my boyfriend didn t want an open relationship.
i m angry at my coworker.
i m not going to go the extra mile anymore.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what is your favorite cupcake flavor ?
i love chocolate . i am a bit annoyed with my coworker
oh ? wanna talk about it ?
well its more like how they get away with things a lot .
i hear that , i work at kroger . i deal with similar crap .
i am not into getting married again
no ? what happened with the first relationship ?
it is hard to work things out , my current bf wants an open relationship .
oh that sounds quite messy
it is , i'm giving up going the extra mile in my life .
cheer up buttercup , take it one day at a time .
yeah , you are right , gotta stop being so negative .
do you read ? i love reading at night before bed .
persona
i am a shy person but i love to sing.
until recently i've never been able to sing in front of anyone.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.
i was accepted to participate.
my shyness made me panick and i didn't show up.
persona II
i love going to the movies.
its one of my favorite hobbies.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
i used to wear a cape.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello
hello there ! how are you ?
i am good and you ?
awesome ! i just saw dunkirk in theatres , though a little depressing
that movie got good ratings ? better than saving private ryan ?
yep ! and i love christoper nolan the director . spr was so cheesy !
how was harry styles acting ?
haha he is extremely multi talented . you a d fan ?
no but i did like a few of their songs . . . guilty pleasure lol
haha me too ! i love cheesy things . . .
shhhh do not tell no one , especially by friends lol
persona
i am an avid fisherman.
i hate fast food.
i've a george foreman grill at home.
i know how to play the guitar.
i like to race go carts.
persona II
i like to hike.
i am a farmer.
i graduated from college.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm kathie ! i don't like eating fast food
hi kathie ! i'm lee . i like to go bike riding on sundays with my family
great family time ! enjoy with you family .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a fisherman . i like racing
oh ok cool ! i love fishing as well been fishing since i was 5
i love playing guitar . i'm very good in that .
cool ! i work from home and when i'm not i spend time with my family
wow that great . i love to know that .
i been working from home for years and i just opened my online shop in august
i love grilling . i use george foreman grill . its really great
yes i love the george foreman grill i've one myself
wow that's great . what is your shop name ?
lebes fashion shop . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
will definitely check it . where are you from ?
persona
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i like to play guitar.
i don t consume caffeine.
persona II
i hate popcorn.
my boyfriend is in acting school.
i m constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
i work in a movie theater.
nachos make me happy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what is up my man ? how are you dude ?
i am a ok , how are you tonight ?
very cool , just jamming along to my favorite band .
whats that ? i like the music in movies , i work in a cinema
the rolling stones ! i play along with my guitar . you like movies ?
i do , i work at a theater so i get to see all the new ones free
lucky you ! i also work in a theater , been there for eight years now .
really ? ! whats youre favorite recent movie ?
i like bladerunner . i'm a fan of cyberpunk movies .
hmm , i was gonna see that with my dad , went to kinsman instead
sounds good , forgive me i'm so tired . tired all day .
up late last night ? i was
always up late ! and i do not drink coffee . do you ?
nope , i prefer to just drink a lot of water in the mornings
do you like the album beggars banquet ?
persona
i am a history buff.
i am engaged to be married.
i love animals and like working with them.
my parents are divorced.
i'm in a local theater company.
persona II
i like victorian things.
i collect dolls.
i'm a romantic.
i like antiques.
i like jazz.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! where are you from ?
i'm from italy , collecting dolls is my favorite thing to do !
i love italy , so rich in history ! i'm producing a play set in italy now actually !
a set for what , like a tv show ?
i mean the setting for the play is in italy . i work for the theater nearby .
oh right my bad , maybe add some victorian things to the set .
great idea ! are you also a history buff ?
i'm , i also collect jazz albums from my favorite bands .
my parents liked jazz . my father took the good albums from mom when they divorced .
who is your favorite , mom or dad ?
mom . she's so sweet to all living creatures , especially animals . i love that .
moms are the best , my mom has my doll collection right now .
the woman i am engaged to had a doll collection also ! do you have japanese dolls ?
persona
i do not like the song sweet home alabama.
i grew up in alabama.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
i love watching game of thrones.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
persona II
i can speak four languages fluently.
i work as a plumber.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
i am an award winning th member.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
roll tide ! where you from ?
hi i am from south carolina
i'll have to leave soon to pick up my ma from circle k , entertain me
what do you do for a living
i hole up at home because i saw a monster one time , you ?
i am a plumber boring i know
entertain yourself with some got ! what music do you listen to ?
i do not really listen to music what about you
anything but songs about where i live ! haha
haha i participate in 4h what about you
wait , what is a 4h ?
a youth program with ties to agriculture science and life improvement
wow that's really great of you , how could i get into that ?
i think you can sign up online and see if there is one near you
sounds like something that could get my ma out of the c store biz , thanks ! !
persona
i like to work puzzles.
i am a teacher.
i love country music.
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
persona II
i like ford cars.
i've a ford f150.
i also like ford trucks.
i own a ford truck.
my truck is black.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what do you do ?
i am a ford car dealer because i like their car .
cool , i am writing a fiction about a ford car . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to drive my ford f150 . i like to look at ford trucks . you ?
well i'm a teacher so i spend most of my days working puzzles .
i've a ford truck and it is black color . do you like ford trucks ?
no , but on the subject of trucks i like country music .
nice . who do you like to listen to ?
pretty much anything that is classified as country . what other things do you like ?
i like washing all my ford cars on weekends .
oh really ? how many do you have ?
i just have three cars . they're all black .
that is actually really impressive . as a teacher i don't have the income for that
persona
i also love orange juice.
i'm 10 years old.
i love ham and cheese sandwiches.
my name is arnold.
i like to watch tv.
persona II
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i just finished training as a security guard.
i m a 30 year old male.
i work nights now and like my job.
i've two dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing ?
i'm great , how are you ?
i'm doing quite well today
good to hear . do you have any animals ?
no my mom is allergic
oh that is no fun , i have a couple dogs
maybe when i am 11 i can get a fish
nice goal , how old are you now ?
i'm only 10 years old
wow what an age difference , i'm 10 years old . are you male or female ?
you are also 10 ? that's wild . i'm a boy
sorry no , 30 but i'm also a male
i'm arnold , what is your name ?
my name is matt . anything new going on with you ?
not really , just drinking juice
persona
my favorite sport is basketball.
i live in canada , near ontario.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
persona II
i like swimming.
i own a home.
my favorite color is purple.
i love dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm from canada and you ?
hi i'm from the great state of michigan .
i come there twice a year to run marathons . what do you do for a living ?
i work from my home that i own .
cool , that must be really nice
it is really nice in the summer swimming in our pool .
do you have a basketball court ? i love basketball
no basketball court . do you have any pets ?
yes i have a new puppy , what about you ?
i have a poodle and we colored him purple , lol !
awesome ! ! ! a purple poodle . must be your favorite color
yes it definitely is !
my favorite color is green
persona
my friends like watching it to.
its great fun.
i like football.
we drink beer and eat food.
persona II
i love going to concerts.
my eyes are brown.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
i'm a vegan.
i study philosophy at mass.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , whats your favorite foot ball team and why ?
oh , i don't really follow football . go to a lot of concerts though
neither do i but am a fun of prayer festivals and follow them a lot .
haha , the closest i get to prayer is the angel tattoo on my hip .
seriously , you need to think about god beyond that .
i kind of do . i think about a lot of religions in my philosophy classes .
no religion has ever crossed your heart meaning touching you at heart ?
not really unless you consider veganism a religion .
can we meet and talk because i want you to be my friend in christ .
uh , sure , just look for a person with brown eyes . that will be me .
yes , that puts me close to you but at least an address can be better .
i go to school at mass if that helps .
please i want to meet you so that i deliver the message god has for you .
well tell me about it , i'm listening now .
it needs quiet some good time together to perceive it well and its based on interaction .
persona
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i live in california.
i work at a power plant.
i like to eat spaghetti.
persona II
i wish my boyfriend didn t want an open relationship.
i want to get married again.
i've 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i m not going to go the extra mile anymore.
i m angry at my coworker.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? where do you live ? i'm in california .
hi i'm mad about work but will be ok how are you
i am fine . sorry to hear that you are upset , what is bothering you ?
been working at the factory 10 years but my coworker gets promoted
how long was your coworker working there ?
5 years . if she had been there longer i would have understood it
did she show more effort than you did ? what kind of work ?
nope but i'm not working overtime or anything anymore forget that .
i'm sorry . would you like to talk about another topic ?
what do you do for a living
i work at a nuclear power plant . what do you make at the factory ?
i make little debbie cakes
those are yummy ! i also like spaghetti !
spaghetti is great and quick and easy to make
that may be why i like it ! do you do anything for fun ?
persona
i am a vet tech.
i love to read.
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
persona II
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i like to go shopping.
i wanted to be a nurse.
i went to college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i love jesus very much .
sweet . i think he watches over me as i have been driving the back roads forever .
have you seen any scary movies lately ? i love getting scared !
i don't like scary movies although , i was scared while attending college .
oh wow , college , books are my thing !
yeah , i was going to be a nurse and then i saw blood and changed my mind .
i'm also learning about medicine . i love helping animals .
i love animals . ironically , i became a professional shopper . it is a great job .
i'm going to go pray to jesus now . this world is getting crazy .
it sure is a crazy world . i hope he answers your prayers . i will be driving .
whats your favorite book ? mine is by shakespeare !
i lover anything stephen king . no scary movies but i love the books .
gosh , i love animals so much , i'm going to give them all big hugs !
persona
i wish i had money to travel.
i've an iq of 250.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
my parents died in a plane crash.
persona II
i wear dingy clothes.
i ride a skateboard.
i've blue and orange hair.
i've often been called a slacker.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing ?
pretty good man !
i have a super high iq , 250
i'm gonna party the folks are gone !
totally random fact , but you know you v can make houses out of matches ? i do .
that takes too much party time for me !
i am sad though . my parents jus died in a plane crash
well common over and party !
i'd love to . . give me the details
big blowout at the big house in ironwood mid
nice . . you got some cute friends
a whole band full !
cool , i will be there soon . . cannot wait !
persona
i lease my car.
i like potatoes.
i have two dogs.
i work in accounting.
i'm male.
persona II
i often help her sort books in the library.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
my mother is a librarian.
i am going to school for writing.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . what do you do for a living ? i work as an accountant .
hi there , i am currently going to school for writing
cool . tell me more about you . i am a guy and i own two dogs .
i am a girl who likes to read novels and poetry in my spare time
ah . i like to eat potatoes .
my goal in life is to become a journalist one day
ah . so much more fun than accounting .
yes , she is a librarian , its where i got my love for writing
who is a librarian ? do you own your own car ?
my mother is one , and i do own a car
cool . i lease the car i drive .
what kind of car is it ?
toyota corolla . the best car around .
nice ! well time for me to get back to studies . have a good day .
you are not very friendly , are you ?
persona
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
persona II
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i am very skinny and energetic.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
great . i'm nicole . what is your name .
my name is jenn . do you like movies ?
sort of . i'd much rather be active . i've so much energy all the time .
i love comedy movies but i like to be active too .
thank goodness i stay active because i eat terribly . regardless i stay skinny .
i eat terrible too lol . i love hamburgers .
same here ! ! drink too much soda and coffee too !
i have a hard time staying away from anything chocolate !
i could go for some now . what are you up to today ?
not much . working around the house . how about you ?
heading out soon . taking my honda to the shop . my dad gifted it to me .
my parents had a honda . they were in a accident and passed away a few years ago .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i am a lifestyle blogger.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
persona II
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
i've three dogs and two cats.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i live in chicago.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is janie . how are you ?
i am good , it is really windy here in chicago ! ! ! ! ! ! !
lol . yeah , same here in florida .
i am just sitting inside with my dogs and cats ! ! ! ! ! !
sounds nice . i m enjoying a day with my kids .
do they like video games ? ! i love playing quake , but only on slackware
they re too young for games , but husband has an xbox .
2 of my 3 dogs at my xbox ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they ate your xbox ? wow , didn t know they could do that .
i think my two cats convinced them to do it ! ! ! !
lol , have a lot of pets do you ?
yeah , my condo really smells
you should get a diffuser . i love shopping and see those everywhere .
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you are right , that would help ! ! ! !
yeah . i blog about life hacks and that would help the smell .
persona
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
my name is dave.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
i love hiking and staying fit.
persona II
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i play drums in a band.
i drive a ford mustang.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello i am david , how are you ?
hi , i am 25 and go to college with my girlfriend luis . you ?
i help people get into shape during the week
awesome ! i am the drummer in a band .
have you ever played in las vegas ? that is where i am from
no . what kind of car do you drive ? i've a ford mustang !
i don't drive . i like to stay in shape and walk everywhere
everywhere ? what is the furthest you have walked ?
i have hiked all the way to mount charleston one time
mount charleston ? is that near las vegas ?
yes it is close by , have you ever been there ?
no , i've never been west of the mississippi river .
do you go fishing there ?
yes , on days off from college , and when the band doesn't have a gig .
i love it , i go fishing when i'm not working .
persona
i work at mcdonald s.
i've brown hair.
i write.
i like sleeping.
persona II
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i travel a lot.
i like doing art projects.
i'm married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning . . . yawn . . . just getting up for the day .
late sleeper eh ? been up awhile here and hoping for a family walk this evening .
i just sleep a lot . i like it . have to go to work soon .
haha . not me , have to finish packing for a trip we leave for in the morning .
i work nights at mcdonalds .
my evenings consist of lots for sewing and crafting
sounds nice . you should stop by in the morning on your way out . breakfast .
my husband would be all over that ! way cheaper than airport food also .
are you flying somewhere ? that would be a good writing prompt .
sure am , australia . never been there before but cannot wait to see the wildlife .
sounds great . i'm always looking for more writing ideas .
do you write for fun or income ? writing always sounded enjoyable to me .
for fun . my latest work , my biography my hair is brown .
sounds very unique and a good way to unwind . unwinding outdoors is my go to .
i unwind by sleeping .
persona
i am a vegan.
i enjoy reading.
i'm going back to school.
i love animals.
persona II
i am married and have five children.
i work as a veterinarian.
i'm a vegetarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello friend how are you this evening ?
i am good how are you doing this evening
great . i was just reading a book and wanted to take a break
yeah i work long hours as a veterinarian so i am taking a break too
i bet you keep busy
very busy having a large family of five and a husband
wow ! that does sound very busy
yes i'm a crazy vegetarian that listens to hip hop while on break
ll great combo do not you think ?
very good combo so how about you
the vegan lifestyle is for me feel much better
persona
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
i'm a guy that enjoys being a guy.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
persona II
i was raised by two mothers.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i can be quite forgetful.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
went hiking over the weekend . what were you up to ?
i love spaghetti and have two moms
i am a real guys guy but everyone can be who they want to be .
oh that is nice . i make mony
want a hulu subscription ? you can spend your money and stream shows .
sure ! i will sell you steaks
put me down for 5 pounds . i can make a mess of burritos .
wooo , my kind of person now
burritos are perfect for camping or whatever you do outdoors .
have no daddy . i think its sadi
that is sad but hey i can be like a brother . we can binge watch comedy shows .
i would love a brother ! my brother hates me
sibling rivalry can be rough . we can go fishing , kayaking , surfing .
aw , i wish this was for real
do you sometimes feel like things are unreal ?
persona
i own 10 cats.
i don't eat asparagus.
i work at home on my computer.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
persona II
i live in colorado.
i've an mba degree.
i own my home.
my car is blue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing this afternoon
i'm in colorado so i'm great !
that's nice what do you do for living
well i have an mba but i do not need it anymore . what do you do ?
i work as software developer
what kind of software do you work on ?
i'm senior android developer
that sounds like a very exciting job ! what do you do for fun
i've ten cats and i take care of them
that is a lot of cats . i bet you own your own home too huh ?
yes i do own my home
how do you have time for so many cats ?
cats do not require much attention
i'm more of a dog person myself but i do not have any pets
cats usually sleep most of the day
persona
i am a girl.
i own a car.
my favorite color is blue.
i love dogs.
i love sushi.
persona II
i exercise.
i play football.
i eat well.
i'm in college.
i'm very social.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how is your day ?
pretty good just got back from a hard workout
sounds fun ! i am planning on going for sushi for dinner . i love it !
big fan of junk food myself , nothing like a big mac after the game
do you like animals ? this girl is an avid dog lover !
i do like animals but can not have any in my dorm
that's a bummer ! favorite color ?
i like blue but always have friends around so never blue
blue is mine too ! i actually just bought a blue car !
yes ! that is my teams color as well
nice ! ! which team is your favorite ?
my own we are the gaiters , a mean machine
very cool what sport do you play ?
persona
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i like to hike.
i graduated from college.
i'm a farmer.
persona II
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i'm a poet.
i'm the head of the gun club.
i've a beta fish.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i lost my arm sadly
am sorry , hows that ? i play with guns for a living
i'm the baby of the kids i lost it in a accident parents have 4 kids
i should put that in one of my poems that would be a great story !
really ? i'm a farmer come shoot the wolves that eat my crops
love too ! i will take my gun club !
no it isn't its my life i still hike tho its a like of mine
i prefer golfing , easier on the knees
i just recently graduated from school , college that's
i wish i could say that , i tried , never could catch on . . .
i bet that's where all the big deals happen huh ?
well . . . unless your one of the lucky lottery winners haha
lol no i'm not i just want to sit an watch ha lol
i watch my beta fish more interesting lol
you are nice to chat with i like that
persona
i love wearing name band clothing.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
i have woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
persona II
i am a 30 year old female.
i've 3 dogs and 2 cats.
i work as a vet.
i am a vegan.
i like to ride my bike.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi
hello and how are you doing today ?
not too bad now that its late . i prefer it dark instead of the daytime .
why are you a party promoter .
no i am just not fond of the harsh daylight . hurts my eyes too much
so you have to wear shades during the day ? i love the sun light
i used to . progressive lenses help . what are you up to ?
just came in from walking my dogs . about to relax
i am working on a playlist . i can spend hours just thinking up the right mix of songs
that sounds like fun . i've a play list on my youtube
i've more playlists than i can count . what breed are your dogs ?
i've a lab , bichon , and shih tzu
grin . both yip yips and woof woofs . . . that is how my niece categorizes dogs by size
lol . . . that is cute i don't have an children do you ?
not my own , but my sister made up for it , she's got 5
persona
and , my best friend is abigail.
i am ten years old.
i take martial arts after school.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
persona II
i fly airplanes.
i enjoy building computers.
my favorite band is tool.
i dropped out of college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i may only be 10 but i bbq some mean ribs
after i dropped out the university , i started flying planes
tomorrow i become hall monitor
i like to grill , while i rebuild computers
i do marital arts when not studying
that's awesome , i walk the hallways listening to tool
my bff loves tool her name is abby
what degree are you in martial art
only a red belt for now
does abby like that you do martial arts ?
she's proud of me she's in scouts
maybe i could fly you guys on a vacation one day soon
umm i don't think our parents would approve
in the girl scouts ? i use to be in the boy scouts
your very strange i do not like this
persona
i work as a veterinarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
i am married and have five children.
my birthplace is spain.
i'm a vegetarian.
persona II
i like to hunt.
i'm not married.
have both daughters and sons.
i love basketball.
i like to sing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love animals so much i became a veterinarian
nice . i like to take my kids and we go hunting together .
i got married in america but i am from spain
where in america do you live now ?
yes i do we have 5 beautiful children
me too . i've 3 girls and 2 boys . how about you ?
i am also a vegetarian but i love hip hop !
i like all music and love to sing and sometimes i like to rap too .
i have 4 boys an 1 daughter an 3 dogs . whose your favorite rapper ?
probably biggie or nas . how about you ?
it was nice to chat with someone like me ha
do you like sports ? i love to play basketball with my friends
if i had to pick between the 2 it would biggie ! get money !
persona
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i have one sister.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
persona II
i'm weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my mind is set on things above.
i hate evil.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am getting ready for my vacation to paris today !
good afternoon how are you ? believe in god ?
not really . i am agnostic , so i don't believe or disbelieve .
i've a lot of faith but i am hurt
my only sister has the same feelings as you do .
when will you return from france ? sounds fun !
i am going on a three week vacation . i am very excited .
i bet ! i hate when people are evil
evil is wrong . that is why i love labrador retrievers .
i am a weak woman but i want to change so bad
i work for a pharmaceutical company . help is available for you .
yes evil is , i want another man but my heart is broken .
one must heal and take care of them self first .
what kind of help can that company do for me lol
there are a variety of medications available to ease your suffering .
persona
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i like swimming.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i only have three best friends.
persona II
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy running.
my favorite color is green.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm fourteen and like to swim ? anyone want to go for a swim ?
i like to run . how about you swim and i run along the shore ?
if you are my age . my grandparents and mom would disapprove .
got it . i like to run on the trails . lots of trees and grass .
i have just 3 best friends . we hike in the woods around here often .
be careful . my fiance had a bad experience . anyhow , i love the color green .
i like very much to learn about race cars when i've extra time .
do you watch the races on tv ? i leave it on for company .
sometimes . i prefer to read about the cars . what else do you do ?
traveling to national parks . oh ! what a treat .
one of my 3 good friends has an older brother who works at a state park .
that would be the best job ever . what would you like to do ?
design or work on race cars . train to be an olympic swimmer . how about you ?
persona
i'll work hard for whatever i want.
i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
i grew up as an orphan.
i often play the clown to get attention.
i want people to notice me.
persona II
i am stuck in a wheel chair.
i work at a museum.
i read a lot.
i do not have a lot of friends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
doing well . i have a day off from working at the museum
that sounds good ! i am currently working towards a loan , i will get what i want .
nice . i am actually in a wheelchair , so my job options are limited .
i'm sorry . i was put in a orphanage because i'm missing a limb
that is terrible ! but it sounds like we can relate . i don't have many friends these days .
i've some . i care deeply for them .
i tend to befriend my books . i spend a lot of time reading .
i want to be noticed , i'll act like a clown for attention .
you sound like a lot of fun !
i guess . i just have to have the acceptance , i guess .
well , it has been such a pleasure to chat with you .
thank you . it a been nice talking to you also
and we can definitely relate with our physical limitations .
yea we can . it sucks some times but we can overcome anything .
persona
i love dogs.
i work at a doctors office.
i'm single.
my favorite flower is a lily.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
sometimes i feel like i have already been through life once before.
i freeze up in social situations.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! jen here . medical receptionist and avid reader and you ?
hi how are you today ?
great ! and you ? i love kathy . she the best dog i've ever had .
cool do you live in florida ?
no . new york . i am shy because i've ocd .
weird i've ocd too
you believe in dejavu ? what college did you attend ?
never been . i sores out
do you know pennywise ? i wish i wasn't shy . whats your ocd ?
i obsess over all the little things
don't sweat it . i will be in florida in november .
i go once every year for a week
how should i handle shyness ? when were you diagnosed ?
at a very young age its hard
oh , i was in college . did you say you knew or know pennywise ?
persona
i live in a rural area.
i m a older woman.
i love helping people.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
persona II
mo mother worked as a nurse.
i don t consume caffeine.
i like to play guitar.
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
i'm here to cheer you up ! tell me all your troubles
i sure will i am old looking for a friend outside of my husband
you mean you are looking to have an affair ? just to clarify .
no i am not i just retired
i apologize . jumped the shark there ! do you play a musical instrument ?
no i don't but i like to help
you are a very helpful type of person ?
yes we both are we are in a nice little rural
lucky you ! rural areas can be the best or the worst in my experience
true where we are we are just fine
i'm glad . my mom worked at a small hospital in the pnw . she loved it
you wanted an affair ? i love my man
no , i misunderstood your request for friendship . i am glad you have love
yes i do lol are you married ?
persona
i've a lot of friends.
i love to shop.
i'm single.
i drive a bmw.
persona II
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
i love pasta.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing right now ?
cooking . merna jean and i love britney spears music . you swim ? i do .
pretty cool . i'm a single girl but i've a ton of friends
great ! you ever had jerk pasta ?
that sounds really strange . what is it ?
carribean dish . i love grill meat and pasta outside . you cook ?
no not very often . i typically go out to eat
oh okay . you like britney spears ?
heck yeah ! i blast her music in my bmw
wow ! i like britney spears . she's a swimmer like me . you swim ?
no . i'm typically too busy shopping for exercise
oh okay . you like being outside ? i do .
sometimes . i like to go out to the park with my friends
neat ! walking outside is great exercise . you walk ?
i walk around my fave mall all the time
persona
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i'm single and live alone.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
persona II
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i have a bicycle.
i have three dogs at home.
i am very good at the drums.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i see you are a fellow night owl
i am good at the drums , that is why i can stay up so late .
i'm single and eat chinese food and watch my shows on my der at night .
i hear you stole that der from the neighbor .
nope , do not talk to my neighbors not many friends . except the robots i make
i have to check my blood sugar everyday or my bank account will go empty .
ok , that's odd .
it is a long story , involving a bandit and a turtle . . .
well nice to meet you .
i hate to workout , but i've to for my health .
don't we all .
persona
i'm a musician.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
my best friend is in a band with me.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
persona II
i live in a condo.
i've never been to canada.
my favorite food is steak.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i only listen to opera.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
good ! having steak for dinner tonight ! you ?
very cool where do you work
i work at a bakery , so early to rise , around 4am .
cool i do music do you
i like opera , if that is what you are asking ? what do you listen to ?
mostly rock and stuff . are you in a band
nah , just the bakery life for me . whats you band name ?
we are the able stables
cool , where do you guys play ?
the keys i've done piano since i was 5
very nice ! love a good piano . where are you from ?
i'm from the us and you ?
also the us , ever played in canada ?
sometimes you guys are so nice
persona
i love to drink whiskey.
i work as a janitor.
i wear contacts.
i'm very smart.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
i m still single at the age of 35.
my dog s name is wonwon.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i'm wonderful , thank you for asking . do you have a dog ?
no , but i would like one to explore the outdoors with .
i would like to have a husband to explore with . are you single ?
yes , i do not pick up many ladies working as a janitor .
i'm an art teacher , from japan .
i am just sipping on some whiskey right now .
i like saki and plum wine .
people don't understand how intelligent i'm because of my job .
okay . do you have a dog ?
i already told you no , do you ?
i'm making polite conversation , because you seem so arrogant .
i apologize , it is the whiskey talking .
that explains a lot . do you drink every night ?
i drink a lot of whiskey . it helps dull the pain of my job .
persona
my best friend lives in japan.
i live in new york.
i'm a dog walker.
i have never traveled outside of the united states.
persona II
i'm a lesbian.
i love cats.
i play a lot of video games.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i'm healthy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you ? do you live in the usa ?
hi yes i do i'm in texas
i live in brooklyn , new york . ever been to ny ?
i've been to the city . me and my girl have to be careful were we go
yeah . . . . kinda dangerous . ever travel outside of the usa ?
its cause we are lesbian and people say a lot about it . never been out the usa
some people are just so close minded . gonna go to visit my friend in japan soon .
that sounds like a lot of fun !
what do you do for a living ?
i do not work right now i just play video games
cool ! i am looking for a permanent job . am walking dogs for money on the side
persona
i drive a restored mustang.
i m a college student.
my father is a doctor.
i like action movies.
persona II
i wait tables.
my hair is long and brown.
i have a little girl.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i m taking online classes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , how goes it ?
whew ! doing homework for my online classes . what about you ?
wow , i am doing the same thing .
haha my little girl is running around making it difficult
my little girl is asleep in bed
i wish mine was sleeping ! so what do you do for a living ?
my father is a surgeon , i don't work right now while in school .
oh that is nice ! i'm a waitress . so what do you look like ?
i have brown hair and eyes . what about you ?
i have long brown hair and blue eyes !
that's pretty cool do you like movies with action ?
of course ! ! ! usually i just spend spare time though gardening . i love roses ! what about you ?
me too . yeah i have a small garden , but i restore classic cars .
persona
i've a passion for politics.
i run two miles everyday.
i played football in college.
i've been married for five years.
i work at a candy store.
persona II
i work too many hours in a week.
i'm always hungry.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i'm insecure.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
just fine today , and yourself ?
great ! i run miles everyday , so always feeling great !
that's wonderful ! do you feel hungry after ? i do
i've been working at a candy store so i just eat a treat afterwards !
i'm jealous . i work too much , but treat myself with snacks
are you married ? i've been for years so we both work a little .
nope it is just me and my corvette
nice ! i do have love a good political conversation so sometimes we argue .
does that make your husband feel self conscious ?
very much so ! playing football in college made him that way too .
i never played any sports in college . is that how you met ?
no , actually we met at the candy store we both work at
that is so cute ! i'd love to get married
maybe get a job at a candy store ? lol
persona
i am from germany.
my favorite artist was prince.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
persona II
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my favorite sport is hockey.
my mom is a painter.
i went to japan this summer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am great how are you today ?
very good . i'm having a nice day . what did you do today ?
i was house sitting a squad of cats . how about you
i went to school , and did some work when i got home .
my mother is a painter what does yours do
my mother is a tutor . she teaches children to speak spanish .
do you like hockey at all ?
i am more of an intellectual than a sports fan . whats your favorite band ?
one direction , how about you
prince was my fave musician when he was still around . love that guy .
he played damn near every instrument , he was a true genius
true . so sad the he passed away . what are your plans for today ?
my plans are to relax . how about you ?
just going to do some more work . respond to job leads . etc
persona
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
i've never been to the west coast of the united states.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970s.
i have been to canada two times my entire life.
persona II
i'm an only child.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a student.
my favorite color is red.
i've a pet dog.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , where are you from ?
i am from the usa , where are you from ?
usa , i was on the local news , but not for something illegal
did they interview you or just cover your story ?
interview me , what state are you from ? i ve never been to the west coast
washington state , what state are you from ?
florida . my father used to be a taxi driver in the 70s .
pizza is my favorite food , whats your favorite ?
same , i love pizza . do you like to travel ?
i do not like to travel much . do you have any pets ?
i had a dog , i only like to travel to canada , been there 2 times
i have a dog too , you have a nice day
you too have a nice day
i'll thanks , i hope you make it to the west coast some day
yes , me too , i'd like that
persona
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i'm very good at math and science.
i love computers.
persona II
i have a little sister.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
i like to play soccer.
i have a golden retriever.
my favorite subject in school is math.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . my life is very pink
haha mine too since my little sister is around all the time
i wish i had a little sister
do you have any pets ? we have one dog golden retriever
i've 929 pigs and goofballs
oh wow ! are you in high school too ?
no no no no no no
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject .
i ork on self driving cars
oh that is awesome ! sounds like something i'd read about in a book !
what is ork ? i don't know
did you mean work ? do you like to play sports ? i am into soccer quite a bit .
i think so . i like to think logical
i can see that lol . do you like reading ?
oh no ! never ! i like gummy bears
persona
i like meat too much.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
i do the shopping in my house.
persona II
my favorite book is the bible.
i am a older gentlemen.
i'm married.
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing tonight ?
i am fine and my preferred book is the bible . what is your favorite book ?
it depends on my mood
being an older gentleman , i understand . how are you feeling now ?
i'm feeling a bit lazy getting sleepy
i'm a married man . are you married too ?
yes i am married as well
i've a passion for travel . do you travel much ?
i wish i could travel more often
i'm enthusiastic about god . do you love god too ?
yes i do . i'm also trying to cut down on eating so much meat
i eat a reasonable amount of beef , pork and white meat . and you ?
i'm trying to eat more veggies
how come you cannot travel more ?
i am really busy working and it is expensive
persona
my favorite singer is justin timberlake.
i enjoy horseback riding.
i'm a full time mom.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
my family and i go camping every month.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i like to ride my bike.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i work as a vet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i am good just miss meat
i tried cooking vegetarian , but my two boys just will not give up meat !
i am vegan now and ride my bike everyday
i would rather be on my horse than on a bike
i am a vet and i work with them
oh that's wonderful ! i'm so glad for people like you
thank you it is hard work but it needs done
i know about hard work . i am full time mom to two rowdy boys !
wow i am a 30 year old woman with no kids
yea , my family is everything to me . i try to take them camping once a month
that's cool i want to go
yea ! you should come ! it will be a blast we can jam out to justin timberlake songs
persona
i always carry an edged weapon.
i speak six languages.
i once started a forest fire in california.
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
persona II
my favorite food is raw onion.
i've long curly hair.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i sew my own clothes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing this fine evening ?
i am good , how are you ?
great . just shining my knife i keep at me at all times
oh . i've been gardening today .
what kind of plants do you have ?
mainly herbs and a few vegetables .
that's great . i love nature but one time i started a fire in a forest
oh , that stinks . what is your favorite food ?
anything at all . i am not picky
i know this is weird , but i love raw onion .
that's weird ! what do you do for work ?
i work at a restaurant . you ?
i do character voices on the radio
oh , that sounds like fun .
it really is . i actually used to work on sesame street too
persona
i like to cook.
my family owned a small restaurant.
i work 9 to 5 job.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
persona II
i listen to rock music.
i work for a large company.
i like to eat food.
i drive a fast car.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm so hungry right now . food is life lol
same here ! i love fast food .
not a fan of fast food , i grew up with my family restaurant food .
nice ! do you like cars ?
i have never given them much thought . what about you ?
i drive a fast one so yes i do . what is your favorite type of music ?
i listen to whatever is on the radio at work . my coworkers usually pick .
what kind of work do you do ? i am currently working for a big company .
i just work a regular 9 to 5 gig , but baking is my goal someday
that is awesome . i love baking . i love to eat sweets .
same ! maybe when i retire i'll finally open my bakery
let me know ! i would love to visit it one day when you do .
do you have any big dreams like that ?
i really like rock music and would enjoy playing in a band one day !
i hope you get there . how cool would that be ?
persona
my sister is a guitarist.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
i can knit.
persona II
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i've long hair for a boy.
i don't have many friends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey whats up
just hanging at home with my pet lizard . what are you up to ?
chilling and knitting . listening to my sis play guitar
that sounds like a lot of fun . what are you knitting ?
i am knitting a blanket in honor or my fave book pride and prejudice
cool . did you take notes in english class today ?
ll what do you mean . i'm the tutor i don't need to take notes
i was drawing during class so i was hoping to get some study notes .
well that's your fault . i'm junna go barefoot in class tomorrow . join me for notes
you are going barefoot ?
yep ! join me lets start a movement . no shoes no problem will be our tagline
persona
i am bald with a thick beard.
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
i enjoy comedies.
persona II
i've red hair.
i don't like music.
i've lots of friends.
my name is nick.
i like to ride my scooter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
fine and how can i help you ?
just bored and thought i would try to make a friend . do you like comedies ? i do .
yes i liked it very much especially to draw away my hunger .
what are you hungry for ? i'm a partner in a law office . you ?
sorry i meant anger when i need something and cannot get it .
i understand that . i workout when that happens . it helps keep my muscles toned .
but am a lazy ram shackle who likes sitting a lot .
i've no hair and beard but i could be lazy too .
do you trim and shave all of them every time they grow or its natural ?
head is naturally bald , but i do trim my beard weekly .
i love keeping my hair long and average beards not too much of them on me .
nice . in my profession i have to look good and dress to impress .
persona
i'm six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i love to vacation in paris.
persona II
i love to read and cook.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
i'm a mother.
my favorite food is mexican food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you ?
i'm a little tired . just got off my nursing shift at the hospital . and you ?
oh bummer i am sorry i am doing fine about to go to paris actually !
wow , that's great . sounds like fun . i am gonna read a little bit before starting dinner .
yeah paris is the best vacation spot even if you are trying to read in a cafe .
i love going to mexico . i love eating mexican food and you can't get anymore authentic .
super true but there aren't many opera halls or things like that there !
i get my kids into cooking at home . we make a lot of mexican dishes here .
how pleasant i do not cook because i am too tall to use anything in my kitchen
oh my , never heard that before . cooking and reading are my favorite .
yeah it just is a pain because everything is made for average sized people .
awe , that's bad . too bad you cant change that .
its unfortunate but a lot of things like my bentley are adjustable so that is a plus
well that is good then . definitely a plus .
i guess its the simple pleasures in life like cooking and paris right
persona
i like pizza.
i love shoes.
i like to shop.
i like burritos.
persona II
i am vegan.
i work at the grocery store.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
hello , i'm doing good and you ?
good , i'm so excited to go shopping this weekend ! i'm addicted lol .
oh no , i work at a grocery store
i'm not big on grocery shopping but i love shopping for shoes !
i bet you do ! i recently went vegan and i get free groceries at work
awesome ! i couldn't do that . i cannot live without my pizza and burritos !
haha so what do you do for work ?
secretary . kind of boring but it pays the bills . what do you do for fun ?
i volunteer at a local urban farm on my days off
that is nice . sounds like fun .
it really is ! i also help with bookkeeping and give tours in my city
what city do you live in ?
persona
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
i freeze up in social situations.
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
persona II
i design jewelry when i have spare time.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! whats shaking ?
hi there , if you mean am i fine , then yes thank you
i was supposed to be in florida this weekend , but these hurricanes are scary
i know right all i've heard on news lately , scary !
i took off from work already too for it . how was your day
not to bad here , i'm planning to go to a craft show tommorow
nice , i never been . social gatherings make me really nervous
well it gets me and my boyfriend out of the apartment . you'd be fine
you are probably right , how long have you all been dating ?
over 6 months now , do you currently work ?
yup , i'm a pilot . what about you
a pilot , really ? that is cool . i'm a barista at my local coffee shop
i did not think i would be able to become one because i have mild ocd
persona
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i've 23 cats at home.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i love romantic comedies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm mary . guess how many cats i've .
hello mary , i've no idea . three ?
far more than that . twenty three , actually .
wow . that is a lot of cats , maybe i'll write a poem about that .
please do , that would be fun . i take good care of them .
that has to cost a fortune , i feed my dogs organic , and that gets expensive .
yes , but i can afford it . what are your dogs like ?
they are very protective , and don't like most people .
are they purebreds or mutts ?
do you like italian food ? i've to watch what i eat .
i stick to vegan diet . some italian dishes are good .
who is your favorite musician ? mine is currently ed sheeran .
it is hard to pick one . . . maybe michael jackson .
he's great . i know many do not like him , but he will always be a fave .
yes , definitely very talented . what else do you enjoy ?
persona
my cat s name is leroy jenkins.
i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.
my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
i've ink stains on all my shirts.
i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
persona II
i own a home.
my favorite band is korn.
my favorite color is purple.
i love dogs.
i like swimming.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello my name is alex
hi alex , my name is lucy . just chilling at home , you ?
i'm just chilling with my cat leroy jenkins
oh , you like cats ? i have dogs personally . love my dogs
what kind of dogs do you have ?
a great dane . he roams the house like he owns it , but we both know i do !
haha what is his name ?
his name is korn after my favorite band haha
i love that band too ! !
sometimes i blast them when i swim in my pool . people don't like that
i can understand that . i like to play retro video games
really ? you should come join me for a swim . i love swimming
i love swimming too ! i use to swim alot
really ? i've quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits
yes , professionally but that was back in college . why so many ?
persona
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my parents own a business that i'm now running.
i like fitness.
i am a travel agent.
persona II
we own our home.
i work for a large law firm.
i drive a prius.
my wife stays home with our kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening ! guess who i am .
ll hello how are you ?
i'm fine , thanks . just wanted to start the conversation in a fun way .
cool . . . so whats on your mind ?
well , i have been thinking about my life . . . i guess i can say i am fortunate .
how so ? good things must be happening to you .
i get to do what i enjoy . i have a good family . i'm grateful .
i'm a pretty lucky guy myself . nice career and all the perks .
what do you do ? do you like your job ?
i work in law and its demanding but fulfilling .
wow , that is impressive . where did you go to school ?
i went to yale . how about you ?
i got my masters at university of michigan . do you have time for hobbies ?
persona
i love animals , especially dogs.
i like field hockey and soccer.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i get good grades in school.
persona II
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i m allergic to cats.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i've one little boy named owen.
i love to have my nails done.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey hey good morning to you
good morning . how are you ?
i'm well trying to get good grades
cool . i help my son owen with his homework .
do you like animals ? i love them
yes i'm a dog lover .
i want to be a vet i love dogs
that's a great profession .
what kind of sports do you like ?
i love watching hockey . how about you ?
i love that too ! an soccer !
too much running in soccer for me ! any hobbies other than sports ?
just keeping my grades good that's all really .
well that's most important .
yes it is , so what do you do ?
persona
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am the oldest sibling.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i've four siblings.
persona II
i have a son.
i like going on walks.
my husband works for the government.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there what are you doing ?
i just got back from a nice long walk with my son . you ?
holidays coming i get to see my family !
that's nice ! are you married ?
no i'm not yet i need to be lol you ?
yes i'm . my husband works for the state government .
my dad always has a story to tell , he's a teacher
teachers have seen it all ! i own a bakery .
i'm the oldest , my little sis is in first grade
i would love to hear one of your dad stories . i really like to laugh .
what you got baking today ?
i'm working on a wedding cake for the weekend .
you gotta come on down
persona
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i'm never still.
persona II
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
i play a lot of video games.
i am gay but i've not told my parents yet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , i am up and making breakfast while listening to music
yum ! i was just playing a video game . what do you like to do ?
i like to go , go , go lol anything that keeps me on the move
i like to make sketches of different characters .
wow sounds very nice i bet they're beautiful
i think so . i am very literal , so i guess it depends on your perspective .
yea well its like fixing a plane , it takes hard work to be great
yep . so , are you married ?
only to my vinyl and trying to fix this beautiful world we live in
ahahah ! me neither . i've got a close relationship with a friend , but haven't told my parents .
well maybe that will lead to something nice
my parents wo not be happy because he's the same sex .
maybe they will you have just got to give them a chance and be patient
persona
i live in the usa.
i was born 20 years ago.
my favorite color is blue.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i love pizza.
persona II
my favorite actor is robert denaro.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
i am saving for college.
i love the snow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! ! ! how are you tonight ?
i am doing good just came from working the graveyard at a hotel
sorry , but that doesn't sound so great .
yes i know but i've to save money for college
my love the color blue . . it matches my mood .
my favorite color is white just like snow
i am blue , because i was born male , then transitioned to female 3 years ago .
that is good that you transitioned why would you feel blue ?
just lots of different emotions to deal with . i'm only 20 .
yes understandable but you have to be happy with who you are
the part of the usa that i live in isn't very accepting . i'm working through it .
no matter what anyone thinks you can be and do whatever makes you happy
but i do love a good pizza . that makes me happy .
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a cat named jasper.
i am a vegan.
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
persona II
my husband and i have a suicide pact.
i love agatha christie novels.
i spend most of my days working at my church s food pantry.
i have 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ? ?
i'm fine ; just finished an agatha christie novel . how are you ?
good , just became a vegan
how is that going ? we don't have many vegans here .
it is ok , what is your favorite color
purple . i've 5 children ; only 3 of them are alive .
you must save a ton on childcare
ha ha , well , if all else fails , my husband and i have a suicide pact .
that sounds amazing , wish i had a woman like that
just keep looking you'll find her . not married ?
no , can not seem to keep a good woman
i am sorry . i work in the church pantry , look in there !
church girls are probably trouble
preacher kids are the worst . what do you do for work ?
i garden , i love roses
persona
i've several different breeds of pets.
i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
persona II
i've a cat named leela.
my car is pink.
i make videos about makeup.
i am a youtuber.
my dad is an airline pilot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what have you been up to today ?
so far i have been playing with my cat leela
i love animals . i've cats , dogs , rabbits , and birds
wow you should put them on you tube . i'm a youtuber by hobby
great . i can also film some of the wildlife i see every day
i make makeup videos in my spare time too
that is cool . i go to the shelter and visit animals during mine
i love animals . i wish i could have a lot
i'm obsessed . i watch them on youtube too
yes there are a lot of videos with animals
yes , tons . and all sorts of other things too
is the animal shelter where you are a good size ?
yes it is huge . i love visiting it
one of my hobbies is traveling
where would you like to travel to ?
persona
i'm divorced.
i'm a nurse.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
i enjoy reading.
i work in the emergency room.
persona II
i'm a deaf man.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
i love to read books.
my favorite number is 7.
i never learned how to drive.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how is your day going so far ?
it is going well ! how are you ?
getting ready for work . no sundays off for me . i'm an er nurse .
oh wow that is impressive . must be an extremely difficult job .
it is , but rewarding . what do you do for a living ?
i am a student currently . i am deaf is it is difficult .
that is really admirable that you are continuing your education .
thank you , i love reading so studying is a breeze .
i love reading too ! what is your favorite book ?
honestly , my favorite book has to be of mice and men . how about you ?
to kill a mockingbird . i like the themes .
persona
i'm a stay at home mom.
i enjoy a good run.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i like things in organized.
persona II
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i always put my left sock on first.
spiders scare the life out of me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i was just here before going out to enjoy some running .
oh that sounds good i love to run also
as long as things are organized , i really enjoy running .
me too i just cant go to high altitudes i've a condition
i do too , but being a mom who is home all day really helps .
yes that is true i work from home
then it sounds like you love cooking .
yes i do what about you ?
cooking is great ! i love it , baking is not fun though .
love both my mom use to do it and worked two jobs
then i should go running with her , i really enjoy it .
persona
i travel every year to disney world.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i like to read true crime novels.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
persona II
i love to travel with my family.
my dog is a collie.
i love to snack between meals.
my favorite type of music is country.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
exhausted , i just got back from two weeks in california with my family
how did that go for you ?
oh it was awesome , i just have so much unpacking etc . . . how are you
that's good , i live there . i am doing ok .
really ? what part ? we went to long beach
near rancho cucamonga ? did you see the ships and fish aquariums ?
oh yes , the aquarium is one of our favorites
cool , i travel to disney land every year .
we went last year ! it never gets old . its rough leaving our collie though
it really doesn't . well its good to have someone take care of that .
yeah we have to leave her with my mom , but she's our baby
that's good , do you like to read ?
i love to read , what about you ?
yes i enjoy reading true crime novels .
persona
i prefer reading to sports.
my family comes first to me.
i sometimes drive fast.
i am a gentle giant.
i have survived near death experiences.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love meat.
i love to paint pictures.
i've a new job selling cars.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i hate watching sports but love to dead it
the way i love pizza
i really love my family but sometimes i drive fast to a pizza parlor
i eat it while i sale cars
can you do it to me but i'm big and gentle and i almost died .
i really really like hot dogs
why what breed is your dogs and why is it hot ?
i don't know i paint sometimes
you paint your dogs sometime ? but why ?
maybe it is my love for meat
so you are a dog eater when did it start ?
i was taught by my wife
that is good would like to try that someday .
you should try your black cat
i don't like it i am not like you i feel bad when i do that
persona
i used to be in the marines.
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i m a vegetarian.
i work as a bartender.
persona II
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i live with my paps and grandma.
i've a brown belt in karate.
i sing in the school chorus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you . i just came back from my bartending shift . what are you doing
just practicing my karate . wanna fight ?
i'd rather not . do you have a belt in karate ?
oh . i'm a brown belt . that made me so sad .
oh i am sorry about that , why are you sad ?
you didn't want to fight me .
i cannot fight anymore . nowadays i prefer reading quietly
would you read to me ? i would like that
sure , what kind of books do you like ?
no , i want you to read your favorite book to me .
i don't have any favorite books , i just read when i've nothing to do .
oh . i am sure my paps has a favorite i'll ask him . .
do you live with your father and any other members of your family ?
my paps and his wife . my grandma .
sounds like a nice family , what do you do for work ?
persona
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
i live in california.
persona II
i like vintage furniture.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
favorite band is the beetles.
i have a large cd collection.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i am awesome ! how are you ?
i am good . just got done eating some spaghetti .
sweet ! i am jamming out to the beetles ! my favorite !
i like music okay , but i love to read .
reading is an awesome hobby . i'm into collecting stamps ! .
where do you live ? i am in california .
i am a texas gal ! and i am all about that bass , because i play it .
oh cool . i just bought a chevy camaro last week .
nice ! can you recommend any good music ? i need to add to my large cd collection .
i'm not that in to music .
bummer . hey i've to go ! talk to you later .
it was nice chatting with you .
persona
i have a missing pinky toe.
i enjoy swimming.
i have 4 dogs.
i don't like green eggs and ham.
persona II
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.
i m a profesional translator.
i m currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i am randell i have 4 bearded collies
hi randell . i am working on my first book . hoping to be published
that's awesome ! good luck . my kid read green eggs and ham and reciting the lines
i could translate that book into german . its my current job
awesome . do you like to swim ? because like to swim
not really . do you swim competitively ?
no more like as an exercise thing
cool . what do you do for work ?
i'm an electronics technician .
do you fix computers ?
in some ways i can depending how extensive the damage is .
do you like it ? i was never that into my career so i quit
it pays the bills and puts food on the table .
i wanted to find my passion that's why i write
that is awesome keep up with your passion . it will be satisfying in the end
persona
i like collecting rocks.
i love huge paintings.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love zumba.
i love the smell of beans.
persona II
i try to limit how much i eat.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
i hate paying my bills.
i don't have a job and sit on the couch all day.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
don't mind me just admiring my huge rock collection ! hi
hi ! i just adopted a new puppy and he likes to take all my attention .
puppies are so needy , unlike rocks . that's why i only deal with inanimate objects
yeah , but they're good company . . . even if they can be a big money investment .
did you get a poodle ? no , let me guess . . . a chihuahua ?
no way ! too small ! i like bigger dogs . a golden retriever
so cute , you should name her . . . crystal my favorite rock !
i named him rory . . . . i like doctor who .
bah , whatever . do you collect things , ever ? like perhaps little figurines ?
i used to , not so much any more . do you collect a lot of things ?
i loooooove collecting all sorts of things , including dragon ball z bobble heads
persona
i have a masters degree.
my favorite color is purple.
i love to swim , and began at a young age.
i'm a female.
persona II
i'm a hippie.
i drive a large , blue van.
i have two tattoos.
i love to recycle.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
hi ! i am good , thanks , how are you ?
i'm good . just thinking about painting my room purple . how about you ?
thinking about getting another tattoo . i already have two
awesome ! what you think about getting ?
maybe the recycling logo ? since recycling is my thing
nice . maybe i should get a small swimmer tattoo since i love swimming .
that would be so cool !
yes . i think you talked me into it . i have swam since i was three .
wow ! i am more of a just driving person , haha . i drive a big blue van
should be in nascar . better than a masters in education .
i might be too much of a hippie for either , haha
must be a fun lifestyle then . could teach me a thing or two .
whats your lifestyle like ?
typical female educator . get hit on a lot by teenage boys . its awkward .
persona
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
persona II
i am a casual dresser.
my favorite band is nirvana.
my car needs some repairs.
i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
i am good , just listening to nirvana . how about you ?
music is nice seen drake in concert last night
i wanted to see drake but my car isn't running too well .
hope it gets better . just about to cook .
what do you like to cook ?
like to cook pasta . listen to music while i cook
that sounds good . i am a waitress , i serve food
fun good tips and spare time l am in a band
oh wow , that must be fun . nirvana is my favorite but i like all
drake is better though some rap artist is still good
that's true , what kind of band are you in
just like to beat on the drums to ease my mind
that is probably relaxing for you . loud but whatever works for ya
thank you and sure does relaxing is nice
persona
i am a vegan.
i have a cat named jasper.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
persona II
i sleep 8 hours.
i use the computer all day.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you this evening ?
i'm going to bed soon . like to be well rested
i should probably be asleep but i took a nap this afternoon .
that's awesome ! glad you are well rested
i am glad you are glad . have any pets ?
yes , i have a dog . do you ?
i have a cat . he is a being a jerk right now .
my mother watches my grandmother . i am glad that the dog is there
so what do you do for fun ?
sorry . cats are funny sometimes
yeah , i've a laser pointer and i tease him .
i like to see movies
i've not been to the movie theater in a long time .
have a good night
you too my good buddy .
persona
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i do the shopping in my house.
persona II
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
i love cooking !.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
my mother is from greece.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
hi there ! i am good . how are you ?
okay , i am trying to eat healthy , but it is so hard . pork is my weakness .
that would be hard for me ! i really enjoy cooking .
i do too , i'd love to be a vegetarian .
i used to be ! six years then i was pregnant craved meat .
meat is amazing , lol . bacon is my downfall .
yes ! bacon is life ! lol !
it sure is . i do not like veggies at all
my dad is from india so we eat a lot of indian dishes .
i have never had indian food .
it is really good ! my mom grew up in greece .
i'm an american and so are my parents .
where are you ? i live in florida . i love to swim too !
i am in vegas with my husband at a police softball tourney .
persona
i've a daughter.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i'm a great cook.
i am under 6 feet tall.
persona II
i shop online a lot.
i care about the way i look when i'm in public.
i always think people are looking at me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ?
hi there ! good thanks . you ?
wonderful . just spending some time in the kitchen with the kiddo today .
sounds fun . . . i'm crusing ebay and amazon atm
oh looking for anything good ? i just bought some gourmet sauce pans last week , haha .
mostly computer upgrade stuff and clothes
nice , nice . have any hobbies ? job ?
i work as a travel agent , i guess my hobby is fashion and shopping p
we are considering visiting paris but i hear they are obsessed with cheese . yuck .
paris , cheese . . . yup . what do you do for work ?
i sometimes help a family friend in her restaurant , but i prefer cooking at home .
persona
i smoke a pipe.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i ve been married five times.
persona II
i'm an athlete.
i visit india often.
my favorite color is blue.
i want to be an explorer.
i do not like my job.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
not good . just got back from my trip to and have to return to my job
oh i'm sorry . where do you live ?
i live in the us , but india is my favorite place . i go there often
i live in chicago . i'm a bar owner . are you married ?
my favorite bar is called blue . i go there with my athlete group
are you married ? i have been married a few times . 5 to be exact .
no , too busty exploring my options . pros of being an athlete
tell me 2 interesting things about you .
blue is my favorite color , and i would love to be an explorer !
i am a pipe smoker and in 3rd grade was the winner of my spelling bee .
you smoke a pipe in 3rd grade ? do your parents know ?
not in 3rd grade ! your funny . what is your favorite food ?
haha , phew ! i'm glad to hear that . i like lean foods . athletes diet
i eat a lot of vegetables and protein . my favorite food is eggplant .
persona
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
i love to drive my car.
i like watching ufc fights.
persona II
i love dark clothes.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love cold weather.
i love non gmo foods.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
hi i am good how are you ?
i am doing well . thanks just got off work
what do you do for work ?
a factory making reptile tanks
i actually have two jobs both as a cashier .
do you have any downtime ? i like seeing the ufc fights
sometimes . i like to see the red hot chili peppers . they are my favorite .
their bass player is the best !
i agree ! i love that the weather is getting colder .
i like the cooler weather so i can drive with my sunroof open
me too ! i love wearing dark clothes !
my brother does too . do you like to travel
sometimes . but i find it hard to eat while traveling . i don't like gmo foods .
that's understandable i go to many different places i love different zoos
persona
i have 5 kids.
i'm great with babies.
i love new gadgets.
i love to draw.
i love to socialize.
persona II
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i want to write a book before i die.
i am excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i'm an adult.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ?
i am well i want to go shoot pool i am awesome !
i've lots of kids , so that's kind of hard to do !
i want to go to egypt an see pyramids
i would love to be able to draw the pyramids ! they are so pretty !
i can show you i'm a middle school art teacher
ahahah how ironic . i mainly draw my kids and husband
i still like unicorns even though i am grown lol
same . i'm convinced they're out there somewhere
most def , i want to make a book before i die
that's exciting ! i love gadgets , so i am always tinkering
persona
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
persona II
my newest car is a chevy.
i work at a power plant.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i live in california.
i like to eat spaghetti.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i am doing great ! got a new chevrolet pretty recently .
very cool ? brand new or used ?
thankfully my job at the power plant afforded me the means to buy new .
very nice ! i'm currently a college student . hope to be a teacher soon
outstanding ! we need more teachers . i bet you do a lot of reading . i love reading .
yes , lots of reading . although it is mostly for school and not pleasure
gosh , reading is my favorite ! too expensive to do much else here in california .
i'd just hang out outside if i lived there
i've eaten too much spaghetti in my day . i prefer the coolness of my house !
do you ever travel for fun ?
sometimes . i work a lot so it is hard to get away .
i understand . i love travelling , i'm not originally from america so i like going home
persona
i am an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
i've 3 cats.
i love dancing.
persona II
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
i broke my arm skiing once.
although i ski down high hills , i have a fear of heights.
my hair is a reddish brown.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , hows your day going ?
really good thanks . how is yours ?
great , planning my next trip .
oh cool . where are you going ?
italy . its my second time . what do you like to do ?
i love italy . i go there to ski every year . holiday ?
i wish i could take my cats with me though .
i could never be a cat , i'm scared of heights !
ll me too . i'm the only child so i had to get cats .
lol my family is quite big but they are supportive
that's awesome , i would love that .
persona
i sometimes write poetry.
i like to skate.
i sing in a punk band.
i want to visit the uk.
my favorite color is black.
persona II
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i love dragons.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there how are you this evening ?
hi ! i'm doing well , thank you , now that my grandbaby is sleeping .
that is always a blessing , was it a long day ?
very . i have an hour long commute , on a good day .
that's hard work , do you travel ? i want to go to uk
i do , i travel a lot for work , currently preparing for a trip to china .
oh that will be an adventure . do you have hobbies ?
i do photography , what do you do ?
writing poetry and skate boarding when i have time . i'm also in a band
that is very cool . what type of music ?
punk . i'm the singer . our band color is black that's my fav .
black is my fave too . do you know who the goo goo dolls are ?
i sure do . i think they're pretty good .
they were popular when i was in highschool .
lol funny how the time flies would you not say ?
persona
i have three great danes.
i'm a weightlifter.
i love the all american rejects.
i run marathons.
i despise sweet potatoes.
persona II
i hate fast food.
i know how to play the guitar.
i am an avid fisherman.
i like to race go carts.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
hi . . i just had some mcdonald . . hate eating that junk
me too . . . i usually eat vegetables , except nasty sweet potatoes
sweat potatoes can be great with cod . i love to fish
fishing is fun . do you have any pets ?
no pets but i've a band . i'm the lead guitarist
cool , so you love music then ?
yep . . that and racing go carts
fun . i like racing too . mostly running though
do you prefer jigging or running
i like both , but i do marathons so its more jogging
wow . . . i can't do that . i enjoy relaxing and fishing
relaxing is definitely ver nice
persona
i grew up homeschooled.
i've a hard time feeling connected with people.
i take my emotions out through art.
i care deeply about animals.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
persona II
i like cartoons.
i listen to death metal.
my mom is a janitor.
i am in college.
i still live at home.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how was your day today ?
good good , i just got done watching the new rick and morty have ya seen it ?
rick and morty ? never heard of that one . what type of movie is it ?
oh its this awesome cartoon on tv , comes on every sunday night . so anything new with you ?
its always something new with everyone . way to much to type about
very true , college just began for me . time does fly
i've been watching animal planet since i got in from work . is this your first year ?
its my second but animal planet is way better haha
i doubt it ! i love watching the animals and learning their ways
true story my turtles love death metal music
do they actually bob their heads to the music ?
bob no , extend and look around yes . got any pets ?
yes one shih tzu named bently
bently is a great name . gonna name my dog pickle when i get one
pickle . . . . . hahahahahaha . are you seriously ?
persona
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i'm from sterling heights , michigan.
i work part time at aldi s.
my favorite movie is titanic.
persona II
i'm a professional bowler.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i work at an insurance firm.
i'm divorced and looking to date.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , about myself , my 2 kids are girls one is 2 and the other is 6
i do not have any kids but i'm divorced
i'm sorry to hear about the divorce , where are you from ?
it is okay . i'm ready to date now . i'm from texas
okay nice ! i am from sterling heights in michigan . where do you work ?
i work in insurance . it isn't fun but it pays the bills
insurance is something we will always need , mine is aldi its parttime
aldi is such a great company to work for . they care about their employees
that is very true ! i enjoy it ! what movies do you like to watch ?
i sometimes watch classics with my grandma during the week . you ?
i like the titanic its my favorite ! i will never let go its a movie line , oxymoron
titanic is a great one . always makes me weep tears
yeah its sad , because right after she said it she let his cold hand go
persona
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i've sandy brown hair and green eyes.
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
persona II
my brothers work with me.
i work all the time.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
i drive a nice car.
my family is very important to me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how is it going , what you do for fun
i am hard worker because i am proud about my job
that is great , do not hear that often , i read scifi stuff , love it !
i also work with my brother it is fun
what kind of job do you have ?
i value working with my family it is important
what industry are you and your family into
i manage a restaurant , and drive a nice looking car
that is awesome speaking of food i eat a tuna salad everyday
i spent time working most of the time
i eat alot of gummy worms , alot of them , i need work more
we have tuna salad sandwich on our menu it is really good
i would love to try that
persona
i like to go fishing.
i m learning to play the guitar.
i work at the deli counter.
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
persona II
i live in upstate new york.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
i love to take road trips.
i live with my husband and two children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you doing
i'm fine traffic was a nightmare but that is new york for you
i'm doing fishing and catching fish
i'm in finance as a coordinator
i play guitar not that great yet
i take road trips with my family alot
do you like sandwich and what music you want
i love po boys and i listen to classic rock
do you know jimi hendrix ?
yes i met my husband at his show back in highschool we have 2 kids now
wow , that s so cool , i want that
sad that all good musicians keep dying off
what music is your favorite ?
i have secret crush on sebastian bach
i really love jimi hendrix
persona
i have red hair.
i like to ride my scooter.
i don t like music.
i've lots of friends.
persona II
i prefer to live where the weather s cold.
i m really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i m deathly terrified of heights.
winter s my favorite time of the year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you up to this fine day ?
i am working on reports
what kind of reports are you working on ?
police reports and the weather is cold
ah , okay . as long as you don't report me for riding my scooter
i would never do that i like scooters
cool ! so what do you look like ?
i've blue eyes and blonde hair
you sound nice looking . i am a ginger !
awww i've always wanted to be a ginger
it isn't all it is cracked up to be !
i am so scared of tall buildings
heights are scary . the only think i do not like is music
i love music mostly pop rock
ew . i just don't like it . music is annoying
persona
i want to be an explorer.
i visit india often.
my favorite color is blue.
i do not like my job.
i am an athlete.
persona II
i am not much of a fan of hot weather.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i would travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you ? i just got back from india , where i go often
hello . india is way too hot . i'm not a fan lol
do you like cold weather ?
i bit . reminds me of the holidays with friends and family .
do you have a big family ? what do you do ?
i do have a big family . i am an editor . what do you do ?
athlete , but what i really want to be is an explorer ! do you like your job ?
i love it . get to read a lot of books , which is my passion
wonderful ! whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
mine is green . i just think of all the places i could travel
do you travel a lot ? that would be great !
persona
i am allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
persona II
i wear contacts.
i'm very smart.
i love to drink whiskey.
i love the outdoors.
i work as a janitor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
hi there , i am great thanks , just enjoying some whiskey here , you ?
playing a game in my iphone 7
nice . i love playing games on my phone but it always irritates my contacts
i love my iphone 7 its the best
right on . does it get a good signal ? i like going hiking a lot
yes it does . although i should of gotten the iphone 7 plus
i like iphones but i had to be smart and buy an android free apps !
that is true , i hate seafood , i'm allergic
oh really ? do you get sick ?
yes , i sure would like a hot chocolate right now with this cold
oh yeah , i clean an office building for work and they get that powder everywhere !
my dad does the same for 11 hours a day
persona
i like to ride horses.
i'm argentinian.
i like to wear boots.
i like to eat beef.
persona II
my nickname is bubblegum.
i'm plotting on taking over the world.
i've found the cure for the common cold.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
there'sn'thing i love more than plotting to take over the world
are you watching cartoons ? i like horses .
i like horses too . death , famine , war , and pestilence are my favorites !
do you like to eat meat ?
my nickname is bubblegum because all i eat is bubblegum . . . o
are you from the planet uranus ? i'm from planet earth
i share the legendary red haired gene with my brother . i'm actually from saturn
i love redheads ! i like to put on some boots and eat ham
care for some green eggs with your ham ?
do they have hair on them ? the eggs . .
lolol no not my hair , at least . i can put some on if you'd like ! xd
sure sprinkle some of that goodness on them
persona
my grandpa was in wwii.
i don't know how to swim.
i own a chevy tahoe.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i love dogs.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how nice to meet you .
nice to meet you too . . where are you from
i'm originally from germany , although i grew up in florida .
how is the whether related to irma ?
it is a little scary because it is unpredictable . plus , flooding scares me ! where are you located
i am frm boston ma
i visited there once , i bought my car there . do you work in boston too ?
yaa . . i live in marlboro
oh neat ! i have a friend out there who brags about the amazing steak houses
yaa . . its really good here
what do you enjoy doing for fun
driving . . and going into the nature
i enjoy driving too ! it runs in my family
persona
i am fascinated with ghosts.
i love 80s music.
i am a wedding planner.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
persona II
i cook well.
i can speak three languages.
i like to bike.
my mother is a teacher.
i love being in nature.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you ? ghosts are cool , aren't they ?
hi i am trucker , and i love cooking
great ! are you good ? professional cook ? do you like cooking for bigger crowds ?
i love to do it . i know spanish , latin and french
great ! i asked , because i plan weddings and maybe i could have used you .
i would love to do it . i'm a nature lover and i love to bike
nice ! so many languages ? where are you from ? what do you do ?
i'm us . how about you ?
me too , us . what music do you like ?
my mom teaches kids in school . she wants me to do teaching too .
but what do you want ? when i was little , i saw myself as an architect .
i like jazz , rap . how about you ?
i'm into music from the 80s
i want to become a chef
my advise it to pursue your passions ! good luck !
persona
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
i like the color purple.
i drive a fast sports car.
persona II
i would like to spend more time with my family.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
hi i'm great and you ?
i am good why do you use caps lock ?
sorry ! it was a mistake
oh that's okay life is mistakes
life is a mistake is a big statement new friend . why life is a mistake ?
because i owe way too much in credit cards
oh now i understand ! hopefully you pay them off .
yeah maybe i will keep spending instead
you are very funny , you know .
i appreciate that thank you
well , you are welcome ! i like talking to funny people .
that is nice what is your favorite color ?
i'dn't say i have a favorite color because it depends , i'll say purple .
mine is also purple , like prince
persona
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i enjoy travel.
persona II
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hii how are you doing to night ?
hi how are you today
iam doing good ! i work in pizza shop
do you enjoy making that dough ?
yes are you like eating food ?
sometimes do you like music
what is your favourite dish ?
i do not really have one do you
yes i like music daily 1 are 2 hours i listen are you ?
yeah i love punk music a lot
oh ! ok i too i do not have one . what is your hobbies ?
i just work at the gas station
i like to play football are you like football ?
persona
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my best friend lives in a big city.
i go visit them sometimes.
i work at a grocery store.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
persona II
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
i joined a new team last month.
i am a goalie.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! do you live in the city or the country ?
i live in both sides , coz i love soccer
that's in the city ? my friend lives in an urban area . i like to visit .
very convenient to buy my favorite cleats nike
you cannot buy them at my store , unfortunately . it is only for groceries .
42 is my number , goalie goalie
awesome ! my hobby is gardening .
a matter of fact i just joined a brand new team
which team is that ? a school team ? my mother works at a school .
which school is your mom teaching ?
i always forget the name of it . she's a social worker .
my sister is a social worker , that s awesome
oh , wow ! that's awesome !
i know right , they are awesome
most definitely . it takes a special kind of person to do that job .
persona
i like to watch anime.
i like being weird.
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like cats.
persona II
my name is mary.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon , how are you doing ?
i'm tired , from all this studying . how are you ?
i feel the same way . do you have pets ? i have cats and dogs .
i have one cat named sunny
that is a good name . do you like television ? i enjoy anime .
i don't get to watch tv as much because i am a fulltime student
what do you do for fun ?
i love to play video games . what about you ?
i like video games too . what is your favorite video game ?
i like playing halo four
do you play on xbox for ps4 ?
i've an xbox but not a ps4
me too . i cannot wait for the next wrestling video game to come out .
persona
i make 35 million a year.
i play for the washington wizards.
i went to college in maryland.
i am a professional basketball player.
i live in ahuge mansion.
persona II
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
my mother met elvis.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
pretty good . just hanging out by the pool
fun ! i have a pretty big pool . wish i got to use it more
that's awesome . i love any type of water . the ocean is my favorite
i live by the ocean in a huge mansion !
i am so jealous . i've a tiny apartment that i got when i was
how old are you now ? you in college ?
i am 21 now , and on my last year of school
cool . i went to school in maryland . you like bask
what is bask ? i do not know what that's
i meant to say basketball ! haha
lol . . no i'm not very sporty . i prefer watching cartoons
you heard of the washington wizards ? i play professionally for them
persona
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i have pink hair.
i am allergic to bees.
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i'm the youngest of five.
persona II
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
dude , the description is actually me , how do they knowwwwww .
droopy , he is a beagle , that's what i call him , he is a beagle .
where are you from ? i am from mi
you can watch obama on youtube now , i enjoy that !
are you really a robot
adobe acrobat ? , no , i use only third party apps thankyou very much
why , in the night sky , are the lights hung ? can we please talk like real people ? ?
shrimp , barbeque sauce , yes , love it , that is for dipping !
what color is your hair ?
chatruse . eating pumpkins is the second most enjoyable way i use them !
ew that is so gross . pumpkins are nasty .
persona
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
i am starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i love riding roller coasters.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
persona II
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hows it going person
its good thanks for asking
do you like watching action adventure movies because i sure do
yes i do as well
and i like popcorn with goobers and soda pop , it makes me feel manly
lol how old are you ?
i am 38 and yes i do live with my mom ? i am starting an internship next week
do you live with your dad too ?
no my dad left us when i was five , my mother raised me since then
oh i am sorry to hear
why do you say , oh ? ha , just messing with you , i love two things in life
and what are those two things ?
my mom and riding roller coaster man , they're the bees knees
persona
i can speak four languages fluently.
i work as a plumber.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i'm an award winning th member.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
persona II
i've 5 grandchildren.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
i am a 70 year old man.
i live alone in a cabin.
i own a boat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am fluent in four different languages , pick one
that is neat ! i pick german .
i'm the best bilingual plumber you'll meet , except german
ha ! i have been around for 70 years now and never learned another language
i can do impressions of celebrities as well
well , sounds like you wear many hats . any hobbies ?
i won award as a 4h honorary member
sounds cool . show any animals ?
only my son , when i volunteer in his boy scout super troop
boy scouts . i learned how to fish in boy scouts . best years of my life .
mine too , i am having an affair with the troop leader
that is horrible . why would you do that .
he just doesn't know yet , he invisible
where about do you live ?
south texas , near the alamo
persona
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
i love going to concerts.
i'm a librarian.
persona II
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
i am a mother of 2 daughters.
i m a people person.
my husband works at a telecom.
but i m a frustrated driver.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing right now ?
i just got back from a day of mountain climbing
oh really ? that's a great way to exercise
it really is , and it is great for practicing focus
i love the indoors though . my job is a librarian
i love the library ! i take my kids all the time
that is so great . you are a good parent .
thanks ! what type of library do you work at ?
it is located in pittsburgh . it is gigantic
do you have a special section you work in
i'm at the front desk typically
you must get to talk to people at lot ! that would be great !
it really is . i love doing that , and volunteering with animals in my free time
that sounds nice , at the spca ?
yes that is it ! they're so wonderful
persona
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i like folk music.
persona II
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i like watching ufc fights.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , friend ! tell me about yourself .
hello ! i was just watching the ufc fights love connor mcgregor !
cool ! i've never seen one of those , but the advertisements were everywhere
yeah . i am thinking about taking a trip because i love to travel
me too ! especially hiking vacations . last spring i fell in love with the appalachian trail
beautiful area . i have been working in a factory for years and want to quit
chase your dream ! my marketing job isn't doing much for me either
yes chasing your dream is good advice
climb every mountain . . . for me , the mountains are the dream haha
sound of music ? good movie
yes ! i love music too mostly folk music . you ?
when i'm driving my car i love listening to country music
that sounds like a good vibe
persona
i love to surf.
i am a vegetarian.
i love pandas.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i am starting a new juicing bar.
persona II
i do not like vegetables.
my favorite store is american eagle.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
i love to go running.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , i am jill . whats up ?
hi jill ! i am tom , nothing much . what about you ?
just got back from surfing . its a beautiful day here today . is it where you are ?
cool ! its pretty miserable here . rain , rain and more rain !
oh no , that's terrible ! hopefully things are better than just the weather there
yeah , its all good otherwise ! so what are your hobbies ?
well , besides surfing i like reading on the beach . i love the beach ! almost always there
cool ! i love the beach too , i go running there quite often .
do you run often ? i'm a health nut , always exercising and eating healthy
yes , every morning ! i try and eat healthy but i'm not a fan of vegetables .
cool ! oh man , i'm a vegetarian , veggies are all i know ! lol
persona
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonald.
i like rock music.
persona II
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
i am not a basketball player though.
i am almost 7 feet tall.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'd like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey man whats up ? i am gerald
hey there gerald . i am leo . hows your day going ?
kinda sucks . had to work a double shift at mcdonald today
damn that sounds awful . how long have you worked there ?
bout 4 years . shoulda gone to college instead of playing basketball all day
ah well whats done is done . are you good at basketball then ?
made all state senior year . you play any sports nigga ?
wow , impressive . nah , i am almost seven foot but i actually suck at basketball .
well , what are you into then ?
computers and music . i actually work for ibm in chicago . music is a hobby .
dank bro . i got a rock band myself
really ? damn i am a fan of rock myself . who your favorite band ?
my own , lol . we are called the renegade angels
persona
i'm in debt.
i drive a bmw.
i have a lot of friends.
i'm single.
persona II
yellow is my favorite color.
i love the game halo.
i like to read.
i love to workout.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? what types of things do you like to do ?
i am good how are you ? i like things like halo , reading , and working out .
i am good too . do you like to get together with friends ?
no i do not , my favorite color is yellow , do you have a favorite color ?
umm , i guess it would be blue , the color of my bmw
you have a bmw ? do you like to drive
yep , i can take you out sometime if you want !
that would be great ! do you like to workout ?
not really , but i would be willing to try anything my friends like !
awesome we should go sometime . do you like video games ?
i do not know , i have never played it .
what really ? we should do that sometime .
okay , that would be great ! is it a date ?
it is . i'll mark it on my calendar . i cannot wait !
that sounds great ! especially since it will be free .
persona
i have a gambling problem.
i love to go hiking.
i'm fluent in spanish.
i love talking on the phone.
i always eat my vegetables.
persona II
i collect little figurines.
i've a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , whats going on today ?
not much . how was your weekend ? i went to some antique stores .
pretty good ! i went hiking to get my mind off my gambling problem . love the outdoors !
i hang out with my cat to clear my mind .
cats are great . what is your cats name ?
his name is tony . do you have pets ?
yes , i've two cats . sam and olivia .
really that is great ! i only have one but i collect cat figures too .
are you really into cats ?
not really i just started collecting ugly cats i see in antique stores .
ll , what do you do for a living ?
i am a scientist . how about you ?
i teach high school spanish .
persona
i hate running.
my favorite color is orange.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i am married with kids.
persona II
i cannot drive.
i'm on a diet.
i am thirty two years old.
i've been married eight years.
i'm a house wife.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , how are you ?
pretty tired , but ok . how are you ?
same , lol . the indians kept me up last night at least they won .
rolltribe ! ! i'm a big indians fan !
me too , lol . i hated baseball until i met my husband . now even our kids love it .
i was raised in a baseball house . converted my husband to a baseball fan !
mine was any and all forms of racing .
very nice . how long have you been married ?
twenty years . we married young .
that's awesome . i have been married for 8 . we got married young too .
i prefer it this way , it gives us more time together .
persona
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i smoke a pipe.
i've been married five times.
i love to eat eggplant.
persona II
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
i like long walks on the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite music genre is pop.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
pretty good . bummed that game of thrones season is over though
yea , i know a lot of people are too .
but you do not watch it ?
lol what ? how do you know ?
you said you know a lot of people are . if you were a fan you would have said
okay , i have not watched it . i need to smoke .
yuck . i just ate a nice meal . my ex had to smoke after every meal
i am looking to hit my pipe soon and then eat some delirous eggplant
i actually like eggplant too . my friends husband make an amazing persian meal with eggplant
ca not believe i missed spelled delicious . i won a spelling be back when i was younger . ll
it happens to everyone . do not worry i wo not judge
thanks , sounds yummy persian meal . what else goes with eggplant ?
persona
i was diagnosed with autism.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
people in school said i was quiet.
i haven t done anything since high school.
persona II
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i am a couponer.
i love to save money.
i shop several times a week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm so happy , i got my bank statement today
cool ! what kind of music do you like to listen to ? i like linkin park .
i like elevator music a lot
cool . so what do you do for a living ? i have not done anything recently .
i coupon for a living
neat . you seem quiet . i'm quiet , too .
do you want to come over and organize my stockpile ? ?
i've autism , i am not sure if i can do that .
oh , you could just watch i guess
i guess i would have to . we can listen to music while you do that .
yeah what would you want to listen to
i like linkin park . they're a great band .
persona
last month the farm was foreclosed so i am looking for a new job.
i would like to move some place warmer.
i live in kansas.
persona II
summer is my favorite season.
my birthday is in june.
i still live with my parents.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , wanna chat with someone that lives in kansas ?
yes ! i would love too ! i'm so sad summer is ending
not me , i'd like to live some place that is much warmer , maybe arizona .
me too ! my day is june 10th
my farm went thru foreclosure last month , so i'm in search of new work now .
sorry to hear ! now what ?
i am hoping i'll qualify for something , not much work for an ole farmer .
www man , i still stay at the crib with my old folks lol
ll , yeah , age gets to all of us .
how old are you ll
73 last thursday
persona
i like to draw.
i'm a vegan.
i'm studying literature.
my favorite food is tacos.
i am from france.
persona II
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i wish i could speak another language.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
cheers ! how is life where you are ?
i spend many hours in computer
it certainly seems that way . i spend many hours in books .
i wish i could do better like learning another language
you should learn french . it is the most romantic .
my lifestyle is boring right now
when i am bored , i draw . the ladies love an artist . are you male or female ?
i am to learn new cultures . i am a male
come to france ! no better way to learn new cultures than travel .
wow , i wanna go thre really
the best food is french ! though , i love tacos as well . vegan of course . do you eat ?
i do eat all that i could see around
a passionate foodie ! you would make a good frenchman . where do you call home ?
persona
i've traveled to both ireland and australia.
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was born in australia.
my father was an author.
persona II
i am in my second year of medical school.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
i've two children but i'm divorced.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
not bad . . . life is hectic though . 2nd year of med school !
what kind of doctor will you be ?
pediatrician is the most likely route
do you like to work with kids ?
yeah , and i am thinking about my own kids also . i've 2
i don't have any kids but i hope one day
it will happen when the time is right and with the right person
yes i gotta find love first
just be yourself . . . and remember the grass is always greener . . . i'm just divorced . ha
it seems i always meet the weirs ones
well , we are all kinda weird . . . some more than others . lol
i cant seem to click
that is a difficulty for everyone though . best to just be yourself , then you'll actually click ya know ?
what city are you from ?
persona
i really love plants.
i am an only child.
my favorite color is purple.
i have brown eyes.
persona II
my mom is a nurse.
i have three tattoos.
i work at a bookstore.
i do not drive.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm good and you ?
doing well its chilly here
it is a little bit cold here as well
do you have any siblings ?
yes i do an older brother
i am an only sibling do you like it ?
it is nice to have someone to talk to
very true . what color are your eyes ?
my eyes are brown . do you have any tattoos ?
i don't but would like some . you ?
persona
i love soccer.
i have 3 brothers.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i want to move to london when i get older.
persona II
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i am close to my mother , but not to my father.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , tell me about yourself .
well , i am in love with burritos lol and i love to hike and be outside
a good burrito is hard to beat ! i like fish and chips myself .
that is delicious as well . what about binge watching netflix ? haha
if the telly is on its football all the way !
what about your family ? you have a good relationship with them ?
my brothers and i cheer on manchester together ! 2 older and 1 younger and you ?
that is cool . only child not good with my dad but my mom and i are close
my dad and i aren't that close either , he
yea dads blow . lol they just suck at parenting
dad is all business , all the time , helps me with my stock portfolio though .
yea that's true . i mean they do what they can
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you go ?
persona
i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
i never learned how to write.
i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.
i use to own 6 cats.
i got married to my highschool friend.
persona II
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i can speak four languages fluently.
i am an award winning 4h member.
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! how are you ! i am sad because i used to own six cats
i am fine . what happened to your cats ?
i didn't see them run away because 200 feet is how far i can see
oh okay , what do you do for a living ?
i depend on my spouse who was a high school friend
i am a plumber , disgusting but lucrative
yes ! since i do not know how to write , i cannot do much
oh you poor thing . maybe someone can teach you
yes , although i do know how to dial 911 . i had a terrible headache one day
is there anything that you can do ?
no , just sit here and be sad that i had six cats and now i don't
lol well ok . i speak fluently in four languages and help the boy scouts
my high school friend that i married helps with boy scouts
it is a real joy , teaching the young ones
i bet . i wish i had a good teacher like that
persona
i am an athlete.
i have 4 daughters.
i like to go fishing.
i race cars for a living.
persona II
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i have a dog named bob.
i am a closet cannibal.
i enjoy fishing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'll be on the next espn showing of nascar tonight !
that's awesome ! ! do you like to boat ? i make boats on the weekends .
hey , i could use one actually . i go fishing sometimes too .
me too ! fishing is the best . what else do you do ?
i run track and field when i find time . being an athlete and all
that's cool . i take my dog , bob , on runs , but i am not really an athlete
you have a doggie ? my 4 daughters would love to play with him !
do they taste sweet ?
wut ? my daughters ? that's kinky but i do not approve . lol
i have always wondered what kids would taste like . have you ?
if i had to name my kids after food , i'd pick different kinds of fish !
persona
i have a passion for god.
i'm married.
i'm a older gentlemen.
my favorite book is the bible.
persona II
my best friend is from tanzania.
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
i have freckles.
i like to bake brownies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , interested in joining my bible study group ?
hey , is it ok if i can bring my best from visiting from tanzania ?
yeah , i don't see why not .
my face has freckles , and will be wearing white flip flops ,
i'm an older guy and i will be there with my wife .
ok i will see you there . i will also bring my famous baked brownies too .
wow , those sound good . i cannot wait to see you .
i cannot wait to see you there .
bring your favorite book . i'm sure like me , it is the bible !
lol what else would i bring
a sense of humor and a smile .
persona
my favorite city is new york.
my favorite food is steak.
my wife just left me.
i love to run.
persona II
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i am an art teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you ? like to workout ?
i used to . now my workout is teaching kids .
i run a lot , my wife cut out of me . it is cool .
i like the new colorful trends in running clothes
i cannot wait for dinner in new york , best steaks ever .
i have never been . sounds nice though
really ? you make the clothes ?
i improve old clothes as a side job .
yes thank goodness i can save more money now .
i must be challenging to save money in nyc
really ? is it hard to do ?
save money ? yes . making new clothing is fun though
i bet , i am glad i always had a little something saved away from her !
you should be . those things are always difficult .
what are you making right now ?
persona
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
i am 25 years old.
persona II
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i am a fitness guru.
i am a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm so stressed out today !
please do not ! god will help you always !
how ? my boyfriend lost his job yesterday !
that's awful , go outside and exercise to distress , i do it several times a day .
i have got no one to watch my daughter . she is only 7 .
then watch some movies with her , i love movies .
ca not afford it . my rent is due next week .
i hear you , just received the new petite catalogue from free people , so expensive !
i'm fat . i have gained so much ! 25 years old and overweight . sucks .
you need to trust the almighty , he will always protect you .
i do not need god , i need willpower !
persona
i started taking beauty classes too.
through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
persona II
i'm a mother.
i feel overweight.
i like to eat.
i want to feel pretty.
i want to be desired.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am so proud . i reached 50k subscribers on my youtube channel .
that is awesome . congratulations ! my son loves youtube . i like watching beauty vloggers .
i share beauty tips about makeup with tutorials on my channel .
i need to watch you . i miss feeling pretty since becoming a mom and gaining weight .
something similar happened to me . then i took beauty classes .
i miss feeling pretty and desired . i've been stuffing my feelings with food .
if i can learn about makeup for me and others , anyone can do anything .
i want to watch your channel and up my beauty game . my kids wear me out !
what do you do for downtime , besides watching bloggers ?
i like to bake and eat way too much , lol . what about yourself ?
my brand new channel on youtube is a full time job and a part time one .
so you no longer have a day job ? awesome ! do you do only beauty tips ?
mostly about makeup . pros and cons of products . time savers , what to maybe do or not .
i've really been wanting to feel pretty again . sounds like i met the right person !
what do you like to do besides baking ?
persona
i hope to one day be a published author.
i work in a used book store.
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
persona II
i've a new job selling cars.
i love to paint pictures.
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love meat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
i just got a new job selling cars !
that is cool . i want to get into publishing
my wife does that she used to be a teacher but the pay sucked .
i love to write in my free time
well then you'd be good at publishing . i paint pictures for fun .
we could get together i write and you add the pictures lol
sounds good i'll bring the pizza ; its my favorite food .
i love museums they're so fun for me
i just moved not too far from the smithsonian .
wow that's so cool i'd go there all the time
persona
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i've a wife and two kids.
persona II
i played football in high school.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i'm a roofer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello
hi how re you ?
good and you ?
good what are your hobbies
i love to sleep
sleep is always good do you play sports ?
no but i play guitar
cool ! what so you do for a living ?
i am in a rock band . you ?
i am a roofer not as exciting
any kids ?
no i am still single you ?
i'm married with two kids
persona
i like to ride my bike.
i work as a vet.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
persona II
i love to do yoga.
i am single.
my favorite color is grey.
my passion is writing.
i work for a newspaper.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
whew ! just got back from an awesome bike ride . whats up ?
hey that is good i do yoga its a love of mine .
that is awesome . i started riding a lot around my 30th birthday . old girl , new tricks !
i love my grey yoga pants ha ! you single ? i am
i am . . . if you aren't counting my 3 dogs and 2 cats ! ha !
cool , i like to write i work at a newspaper .
very cool . i'm all about animals . i'm a veterinarian by trade !
that is cool i'm passionate about writing .
what are your other hobbies ?
an of course my yoga ha !
oh yes ! i want to try yoga with my pets soon . i have heard it is relaxing !
what are yours ? if any ?
mainly cycling and spending time with my cats and dogs .
yes it is must come with me
i'll take you up on that .
persona
i hate school.
i fell in love this summer.
i live on a lake.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
persona II
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
i love to save money.
i am a couponed.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , how are you ?
coupons are awesome . how are you ?
i love coupon cutting . i detest school .
you should coupon with me . saves a ton of money !
i love to . its hard leaving the house tho , i live by the lake .
are you need ? i usually donate my overstock to charity
i am good at the moment . in the summer i walk and read the paper for coupons .
you sound like a cool friend . we should shop together sometime ! !
that would be really cool .
so what else are you into ?
well , i fell in love over the spring and summer . we met at comecon .
what did you dress as ?
one of the girls from the tv show dark matter .
dope . i wish they had a coupon for comicon ?
sadly no . they are a big profit setup .
persona
i have 2 sisters.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i'm a baker.
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
persona II
i have 2 dogs.
i am a runner.
i've red hair.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how has you night been so far ?
no . my dogs are sick
that's not good , did they eat something the should not have ?
i think they got in the trash
hopefully they feel better soon . so any plans for tomorrow ?
no , just cooking food all day
i will be baking with my sisters all day , we work in a bakery
i want to work with you
yes , it is fun and luckily our mom is a dentist so no cavities
dang . i am really jealous . do you want to go run with me ?
i'd love it , how often do you run ?
everyday . my red hair flowing in the wind
i love running and tennis , i am in canada though so the snowy months suck
yeah but you have plenty of maple to bake with
too funny , and yes there is , what will you be cooking tomorrow ?
persona
my children are a disappointment.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i'm bored of my maids.
i married miss usa.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
persona II
i have a job as an it agent.
i like smoking weed.
my dad works for stifle.
i love rap music.
i'm a meataholic.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
pretty good thanks and you ?
i'm doing great , relaxing eating cheesecake
do you do any drugs ?
all the money i got i could buy them all but not my cup of tea
oh i love marijuana very much
the bud was my best friend in college
now i do it like a nerd
ll anything else you like ?
i listen to music do you
yeah l like r b music
rap is totally my favorite y o
cool , my wifes into rap
how long have you been married ?
10 years to miss usa
persona
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i live a lie.
i'm a painter.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
persona II
i play tabletop games with friends.
i still live at home.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my life is a lie ,
oh . . . . why live a lie ?
hatred is only what my wife has for me
that is very sad . do you have children
she called me lazy , and even poor
are you a lazy person
i paint trees , like nature . painter is my occupation
i live in a sweet basement apartment . . . with my mom
you know , i won the lottery but no one knows that was 6 years ago
with kind of money i could buy so many table top games , my favorite
you have a better living and sweet people around you
i've asthma and have to use an inhaler , mainly around girls
what games are you looking of buying soon ?
persona
i've a garden in my yard.
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
my hobby is sewing.
i like to make fresh pies.
i like to go swimming.
persona II
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
good ! how are you today ?
i'm doing pretty good just waiting out this storm
is the storm irma ? oh no !
yes it is . but it hasn't come to central florida yet
wow . i would rather be hiking on glaciers than be in that right now !
that would be pretty cool . i'm just worried about my garden
oh dang . yeah i'm always losing my mind , so i'd be worried about that !
i may lose my garden and some working hours at the grocery store
that isn't good ! i'm sorry to hear that !
oh no its fine i'll be right back at it once the storm is over
i moved to sweden , so we don't get hurricanes
lucky you lol . i bet its beautiful there
persona
i have purple hair.
i'm a petsitter.
my dad is a college professor.
my mom died when i was six.
my favorite book is the tale of genii.
persona II
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i'm not afraid to die.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
i'm an army ranger.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing pretty well . just got off work . you ?
pretty good do you have pets ?
i am an army ranger and spend most of my time deployed .
oh well do you have pets ?
no sorry . i thought i had typed that . p
its alright . i need new clients
clients ? what do you do ?
i watch pets for people haha that is why i asked
oh . very nice . if my wife or 2 kids get one i'll let you know .
i appreciate it . is your mom alive ?
yeah . she's still kicking .
i'm glad . what does you dad do ?
persona
i'm younger then 46.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i hate to drive.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i like the taste of cheese.
persona II
i practice vegetarianism.
i like watching the walking dead.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like reading a lot.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
greetings humanoid carbon life form !
greeting sir how are you today ? ? have you ever read harry potter
my age is 46 , next year i will be 47
that's amazing i read 47 books last yea i love books
i prefer the singing troup the backstreet boys
backstreet boys are awesome not as cool as the walkin dead on hd
i dislike controlling my automobile
i also enjoy game of thrones its getting pretty wild
i require to ingest 4 tablets a day to survive
i am a vegetarian but i love tablets
i love the flavour of fermented solidified dairy products
wow this is taking longer than reading all night
my age is below 46
persona
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.
my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
persona II
i am incredibly smart.
i have no parents or siblings.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . lets make this fast and get to know each other .
hey , i am exceptionally smart , so this will be a breeze !
nice ! this should be a lot of fun then !
yea , besides , i almost never sleep , like 3 hours max every night .
how can you function with that little sleep each night ?
i have no life . i don't have any brothers and sisters , or parents .
bummer . i'll be your friend , friend .
thanks ! i also need lots of coffee , even with my steak .
oh my goodness me too . my birthstone is a coffee bean .
really ? you funny ! only time i pass on coffee is when i travel by myself .
haha that's when i need it most .
can i go back to not being exceptionally smart now ?
yes ! be yourself . nothing more , and nothing less .
maybe i should go have some more steak . this is making me hungry .
do it . add some mushrooms . and have a damn beer .
persona
i own a chevy tahoe.
i don't know how to swim.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i love to dance.
i work at a coffee shop.
my favorite color is red.
i drive a prius.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , do you want to grab some steak ?
hey man yeah want to go dancing after i love it
sure , i'll pick you up in my chevy tahoe
ok i work at the coffee shop
u serve some nice coffee and play rock music there ?
i drive a red prius want me to pick you up instead i love red
that is fine too . . . i will tell you stories about my grandpa who was in wwii
oh do tell i love stories
how about a story about me almost drowning because i cant swim
wow that's crazy i would love to hear
so we are set for an evening out ?
yes i will love it
great , then pick me up in your red prius at 8
persona
i drive a blue honda civic.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i have four siblings.
i m scared of left turns.
persona II
i am eighteen years old.
i'm taking a year off before i start college.
i am saving money to buy my first car.
i currently work at mcdonalds.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you doing this evening ?
i'm very well . how are you ?
i'm well . just hanging out . watching a comedy special on netflix . you ?
i'm just focused on saving . i want to buy a car . it will be my first !
what kind of car ? i am actually sell my civic .
anything reliable . i need to get to my job at mcdonalds so i can save more money !
you work at mcdonalds too ! what if we work at the same store !
that would be funny ! how old are you ? i am 18
i'm 27 . i just got hired .
i plan to take a year off and work before starting up college .
not a bad idea . maybe i'd still be in college if i took a break .
i think it is important to know what you want to do before paying all that money .
right . you are absolutely right . check out praxis .
i think i'll go to community college to be a respiratory therapist !
that isn't a bad plan . i went to school for anthropology .
persona
twilight is my favorite book series.
i m a huge fan of jason mraz.
i recently moved to florida.
i want to find out what it s like to eat grasshoppers.
i only surf when the tide is low.
persona II
my car is black.
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
hello , i am doing wonderful , how are you ?
i'm good do you work
i work from home , my husband is a detective .
wow that sounds very spooky
it is only a job . what is your favorite song ?
mine i'm yours by jason
jason who ? i love tupac , california love is mine .
it will not let me say his last name mraz
gotcha . what do you do for a living ?
i do not work do you
i do , i'm a fashion designer .
nice give me a job
persona
i own 9 guitars.
i learned piano at age 6.
i am a vegan.
i'm trying to play in a local band.
persona II
i've a black belt in karate.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i vacation along lake michigan every summer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you like music ? i have  guitars .
i love music and have recently joined a jazz band , playing the saxophone .
that is so cool ! i am trying to play in a local area band here .
it is hard to find the right people for a band , but well worth it .
i've always loved music . learned piano at only 6 .
i always wanted to play the piano , but became obsessed with karate .
i've always wanted to learn karate but never did .
it is a challenge , but i am proud of accomplishing a black belt .
nice . oh and i am also vegan no meat for me .
i am in between . i eat a little meat . my favorite indulgence is iced coffee .
i've never been a big coffee drinker iced or otherwise .
i was not into coffee until i was on vacation in lake michigan . i became hooked .
for me it is diet coke , ice water , or lemonade .
i also like all of those . i've to include iced tea as well .
it has to be really sweet for me to like iced tea .
persona
i work from home.
my favorite band is nightwish.
i love reading.
i love comics.
i've a cat as a pet.
persona II
i love talking on the phone.
i have a gambling problem.
i always eat my vegetables.
i love to go hiking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you doing ?
i'm great , thank you for asking ! and you ?
i am alright . i was just reading .
i like to talk on the phone instead of read .
who do you usually talk to
my friends we go gambling often i've a bit of a problem .
do you ever win a lot
sometimes , yes ! i'm just addicted . do you have any addictions ?
i do not . i'm very quiet .
oh ! what do you do in your free time ?
i like to read sometimes
cool ! i like to hike !
so you must spend a lot of time outside
persona
i am one of four children.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i was born under a blood moon.
i work some very odd jobs.
persona II
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've three dogs at home.
i'm very good at the drums.
i've a bicycle.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you today ?
i am great ! i just came back from a walk with my 3 dogs .
i love going on walks ! i hike every weekend . 3 dogs , wow !
i really do not like to exercise but i've to because of my health .
why ? i've 3 brothers , so they made me an active competitor .
i do not really know . i occasionally like to ride my bicycle .
that is fun . i work odd jobs so i've plenty of time for bike rides .
maybe we can ride sometime . i'm a drummer in a rock band .
do you sing too ? i am into moon cycles .
i sing but i am not very good . i am a much better drummer .
i'd love to hear you play
i'll let you know the next time i'm playing out .
if you ever play under a blood moon , i will be there .
persona
i like to make my own clothes.
i'm partially blind.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
persona II
i joined a new team last month.
i'm a goalie.
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing tonight ?
i am really great . i just joined a new soccer team
that is awesome ! i do volunteer work .
that sounds like it is rewarding
it is when people act grateful .
i guess you meet all kinds
yes you do but i still enjoy it alot .
good for you . i enjoy playing soccer too
that's cool my daughter plays soccer .
it is fantastic . 42 is my lucky number
that is cool i make my own clothing sometimes .
do you fix up vintage clothes ?
i can but i have not in a while .
i don't care about clothes , but i like nike shoes
that is cool it is a good brand .
persona
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i love dragons.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
persona II
i am a middle aged woman.
i love to listen to religious music.
i love my family.
i don't talk a lot.
i like playing basketball.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , how are you ?
i am good . just listening to gospel music . you ?
relaxing now that the power is back on .
we were playing basketball when it went out . scary !
i know ! just last month my daughter had her first child and i'm only 44 ! scary month .
we are the same age . i love my kids but not ready to be a grandmother .
i hear ya ! last year i couldn't decide between chilli or a cheery hot dog , now this !
well you can talk to me . i don't talk much so i'm a great listener !
person well , i have to drive a hour to work and back every day , could talk then .
that sounds like a good plan to me . start tomorrow morning ?
sounds like a good plan to me as well !
persona
my father was a driver himself.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
my motor never stops running.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i often don't have the money to pay my utility bills.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
i am well ! i just got home from visiting my grandkids .
that's wonderful ! where did you go ?
they live close , but i do not drive so it takes a while on the bus .
for a living , i work on semi trucks .
that is interesting ! i watch a little kid who lives next door and am retired
oh . cool . my motor is always running . my father driver trucks himself .
so you are following with the family business ! any hobbies ?
no . when i married my sweetheart , that is when i got off the road .
i bet that is a relief for her ! i've struggled a bit financially since i retired
i am sorry . financial struggles too . i want to take her on vacations .
things are so expensive these days . no vacations here for years !
i know right . it is a shame .
oh well , what can you do ! is it still warm where you are ?
yes . very warm . i love it .
persona
i am on a diet.
i'm thirty two years old.
i've been married eight years.
i am a house wife.
i cannot drive.
persona II
i am a zookeeper.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i love to read crime novels.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
my favorite animal is the panda.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello
hello , how are you ?
good and you ?
getting ready for work . i work for a zoo as a keeper , what do you do ?
i am a housewife
a housewife ? that's a cool job . any kids ? the pandas i work with are like mine lol
yes two kids , they're kinda like pandas
i imagine haha . what do you like to do in your spare time ? i read crime dramas .
i watch movies more than i read
i got into the habit in the hospital . had two toes amputated in an accident .
omg didi it hurt ?
persona
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
i try to limit how much i eat.
persona II
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am a waitress at a popular houston club.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . my couch is lumpy . been sitting her all day . i am unemployed . how about you ?
i work as server at a glitzy houston club . i jog when i have time .
must be nice . broke myself , so i limit my food intake . sigh .
ok , i donate plasma in my sisters honor who passed last year .
that's so sad . i am sorry . why does life have to stink ?
thank you . i hope to one day move to the aussie land and marry my fiance .
mostly i just play with my puppy . he's a golden retriever .
i love puppies . i hope things start looking up for you .
you too . maybe you'll get to move to aussie land .
yes , maybe i will get the chance next year .
maybe by then i'll have a job . who am i kidding ?
i hope you find a job . my prayers are with you .
thanks . i guess i whine too much . sorry .
persona
i am a couponed.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i love to save money.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
my car is over 20 years old.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my dad was a preacher.
my mother was a school music teacher.
i didn't finish college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey . how is your night going ?
it is going well . just worked on my car . yours ?
its going great . just did some couponing and donated to charity tonight .
my dad was always big into charity , he used to be a preacher .
what a great man . i love saving money and like to shop through out the week .
i have been saving money for a new car . mine is 24 years old .
wow ! that is old . i've stockpiled items organized from almost 24 years ago .
yeah , i've been saving for a new once since i dropped out of college .
oh , what kind of car are you saving for ?
probably something out of fast and the furious . you like movies ?
yes . i do enjoy movies .
have you seen the last of the mohicans ? that one is my favorite .
yes i have . that is a great movie .
persona
i like to swim.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i am blue and tall.
i like to read.
persona II
i am vegan.
i work at a retail store.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i have red hair.
i live close to the coast.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i am a blue person who is unusually tall . you ?
hi my hair is red
cool ! what do you like to do ?
i live near the beach so i spend a lot of time there
i love swimming and reading books , do you watch tv . ?
i do what do you watch
the voice is one of my favorites ! you ?
i watch whatever is on
what do you like to do at the beach ?
i like to walk along the coast
have you ever surfed or boogie boarding ?
a little bu ti need more practice
i have never tried to surf but i love to boogie board .
persona
i still live at home with my parents.
i play video games all day.
i'm 32.
i eat all take out.
persona II
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i helped develop facebook.
i work as a computer programmer.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i have two pitt bulls.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you ? how old are you ? i just turned 32 this month
i have a great job making well over 200k a year , programming computers
wow ! that's amazing ! guess you don't live at home with parents like me ?
in my spare time i give back to charities
it is embarassing i am still there and all i do is play video games , all day !
i was one of the original founders of facebook
wow ! what ? ! that's so cool ! what is your favorite food ? i get take out every day
i usually take my pitt bulls to work with me
i have 2 pitt bulls ! luna and micco
their names are oingo and boingo
one is fawn colored , the other is white
that is awesome are they male or female
one of each ! the female is the fawn male is white
do you breed them for money
no , they are rescues , so already been fixed .
persona
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i've a terrible singing voice.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
persona II
i like chicken nuggets.
i work at a hotel.
i love animals.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
great just thinking about getting some chicken nuggets . you ?
oh yeah that's making me hungry
i work overnight in a hotel so maybe i can get them on break
what city are you from ?
san antonio , how about you ?
i'm in cali . but used to live in tx
do you have any pets ? i have 3 dogs 3 cats . i love them so much
yes i've two myself
what music do you like ? a fine frenzy is my favorite group !
i like pop , even though it sounds like an animal dying when i sing
haha you cannot be that bad ! ! any hobbies ?
its bad . i love to cook
persona
i enjoy talking to strangers.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i am good at throwing parties.
i want to live at the beach.
persona II
i listen to classical music.
i love my work and just got promoted.
i enjoy golfing.
i am married with three kids.
i work for a large law firm.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good . . . married , 3 kids , love classical music golfing , promoted in law firm . you ?
very good . i like learning about strangers .
well , i can tell you lots about me . i love my job . do you work ?
i don't work , but when i get some money i'm moving to the beach .
oh , i love the beach , too . love golfing with beach view . do you golf ?
i do not golf , but i have been mini golfing . i like the monkey themed ones
i want to work in costa rica monkeys live here . . . where i can raise my kids and golf
that's so awesome . i'd love to travel where there are monkeys !
do you like classical music . . . i love it .
its not bad , i am more into dance music
my favorite classical is edvard grieg peer gyne suite no . 1 , op . 46 morning mood
that's cool . i like pictures at an exhibition by modest mussorgsky .
persona
i have a pencil thin mustache.
i have six tattoos , all of cats.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i am from baltimore md.
persona II
i am a stay at home mom.
i like things in organized.
one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you ? it is good today ?
hi ! yes it is . my favorite show was on tv today .
there are no other things more interesting than tv ?
of course there are ! i enjoy cooking for my family .
it is an excellent idea . i'd like to have a family too
do you come from a big family ? do you have siblings ?
yes i come from a large family but we do not live near
i enjoy taking care of my children .
how many children do you have ?
i've four children .
wow ! its great , i would like to have a lot more than you
it helps to stay organized .
when there are children in a house the family is much more joyful
i agree . i like staying home to take care of them .
yes its true , it puts a little order in your life
persona
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
i just graduated high school.
my favorite season is summer.
i am headed to university of michigan in the fall.
persona II
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i am looking to start a business.
i'm a big sports fan.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello hello hello . whats up ? ? ? ?
hi there ! getting ready to watch some tennis on the tube ! you ?
packing . u graduated high school and i am going to u of michigan in the fall
congrats ! i am ready to start my new business ! got new car bills to pay .
what car ? lets play like dislike . i hate spaghetti but i love tacos
chevy camauro , love ! hate sickness !
love summer . hate fall . love camaro . hate kia
love sports , hanging with fam friends ! hate bad weather !
how old are you ? i am so over this packing . just want to have some fun
work first , then fun will come your way ! 30 , you about 18 ?
yeah , just turned 18 in august . i'm a leo . 30 sounds perf . not to young or old
well i must go , my tennis is about to start !
hit one out of the park for me ! ll
persona
i love lasagna like i m garfield.
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i have a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
persona II
i work in fast food.
i walk three miles home every night.
i always wear something purple.
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i'm tired . i've to walk home 3 miles from my fast food job everyday .
do you go to school ? what grade ?
i'm out of school now . how about you ? do you have hobbies ?
i am , and have a long way to go . i am going to be an astronaut
wow that is awesome ! i am into krav maga . trying to find classes near me .
good luck , i have never tried it . i am always reading about space
it sounds interesting . do you have a favorite color ?
dark blue for me , how about you ?
i love purple . i try to wear it everyday . where do you live ?
i live in california near the beach , how about you
i live in florida near the beach !
do you surf or anything
persona
i drink coffee every day.
i've a twin sister.
i do yoga every morning.
i am a teacher.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i can speak four languages fluently.
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
i work as a plumber.
i'm an award winning 4h member.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
tell me something you do everyday .
i'm a plumber so i go in peoples houses everyday . how about you ?
i teach children , drink coffee , and do yoga everyday .
very cool . i volunteer with the boy scouts , do you volunteer ?
i do for animal shelters . my father in law volunteers with the scouts .
shelters cool , what is your favorite animal ?
i like dogs . i've a dozen of them . they pull my sled .
wow , where do you do that ?
i live in alaska . i don't have a car .
must be freezing but beautiful .
it is different . my twin sister lives near the equator so we are opposites .
twin , how unique . do you have a big family ?
no i do not . it is mainly just me here . how about you ?
i've two boys and had five siblings growing up , it is really fun
do you like candy ? i really like chocolate .
persona
i married my high school sweetheart.
i am a nurse.
i was an army brat.
i am a great baker.
persona II
my boyfriend is in the army.
i play piano.
my father is dead.
my favorite color is yellow.
my hair is short.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! how are you doing ?
i am great . you ? watching some tv .
i'm just waiting for some cookies to finish baking
oh that sounds good . do you like to bake ?
i do . i'm really talented at baking
i love playing the piano .
are you very good at it ? i love listening to piano music
i think i am pretty good .
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a restaurant , you ? are you in a relationship ?
i work as a nurse . and yes , i am betrothed to my hs sweetheart
oh . i am dating a guy in the army .
that's too funny . i actually grew up as an army brat
me too ! my dad passed away .
that's heartbreaking . i'm sorry
persona
i currently hold three jobs.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
i watch south park at least once a day.
persona II
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
my parents pay my rent.
i'm a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
i like to shop.
i love my dog.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing today ?
doing great setting here with my dog she's awesome
my fiance has a dog . we just got engaged after three years of dating
i thought about getting engaged after college but i went to grad school instead
what are you studying ? i want to be a baseball announcer one day
business i need a job my parents are still paying my rent
one job would be better then my three
what do you like to eat ? i'm vegetarian
oh i will eat anything as long as i can watch south park on tv
i must admit i cheat some and eat fish sushi you know bait
sushi is concerning to me . do you ever go to any concerts ?
i spend all my money on shopping concerts are out of budget
ahh i just went to see avenged sevenfold
awesome well got to go walk the love of my life my dog
enjoy your walk ! it is a lovely day outside
persona
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i wish i made more money.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
persona II
my favorite sport is hockey.
i avoid eating sugar.
i like rollerblading.
i am caucasian.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
hi howa re you today
i'm doing well , just finished writing .
and what were you writing ?
i was writing about me being obsessing over pens
did oyu use a pen to write it ?
course ! i'm also thinking about becoming an artist and drawing everything with a pen
you should not harm your precious pens
but that is what they are for haha
true do you like food
i love food . and you ?
i do but i need to eat diet
you should buy some veggies
i always have them i hate sugar
good for you ! i love varus
what are these magical varus ?
ll i meant to say carbs
persona
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
i never sleep in.
i train horses for a living.
i wish i knew where i belonged.
persona II
i'm very social.
i'm in college.
i eat well.
i exercise.
i play football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , how are you
phew . i just got done exercising .
i need to exercise more , but training horses does enough right now
very cool . i try to eat healthy while going to college .
that is probably tough on a short budget
being a social gal , i don't find it hard .
i feel like i do not have a place in society
aw , that's sad . are you a part of a church ? that's a good start .
maybe i'll look into that
i cannot wait to go to bed . i'm beat from playing football .
tackle , flag or just toss around ?
powderpuff for the win dude
well that sure doesn't count
expect oh patron um ! really now ?
patron is way too expensive of a tequila
persona
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
my father has a very prestigious job.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
persona II
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'd like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
i am almost 7 feet tall.
i am not a basketball player though.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
you see destiny 2 ?
not yet
i have been copying the art from it , the designs are sooo good
its one of the games i have not touched yet
i really like the knight skin , iron man all the way !
it does have strikingly close similarities to him .
that would so cool if iron maiden also played the game
i have never really played the destiny series is it fun ?
what . i've room on my fathers credit allowance you want to play it ?
is it cross platform ? i've pss
yea yea yea , just help me with making a game and i can hook you up ! cool ?
persona
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
since young i have loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
persona II
i'm a youtube.
my car is pink.
i've a cat named leela.
i make videos about makeup.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing today ?
i am wonderful how are you
just fine , do you have any interests ?
i love to go camping in my camper with my pink car
oh that's great , i've loved fashion since i was young
awesome i love my cat leela
i do not have pets , i just have the desire to become a fashion designer
you can do anything you put your mind too
thank i'm inspired by alexander mcqueen and the great coco chanel
i'm also obsessed with makeup
that is good i moved to new york just to study in a prestigious designing school
persona
i live in new york.
i've never traveled outside of the united states.
i am a dog walker.
my best friend lives in japan.
persona II
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i think i have talent for it.
i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.
since young i ve loved to cook.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , are you in nyc like i'm ?
i'm ! i just auditioned for a new cooking show there . what are you doing here ?
dog walking , it is my new gig .
do a lot of new yorkers have dogs ? i'd be in jackson hole for that , man !
i've a best friend
i've not had time for friends since i started learning to cook . what are they like ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell , that is what it is like
i think friends are overrated , then . i can cook those rats pretty well , though !
what is your favorite color ?
copper . like the best cookware . what is yours ?
blue , i've never left the us
me neither , but i hope that if i can get on a cooking show , i'll .
i want to visit my friend in japan
how did you two meet ?
online i like all those dating apps
persona
i believe in karma.
i have never been on a date.
i adopted all my dogs.
i love to read.
persona II
i love scary movies.
i am allergic to cats.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i am a member of the ymca.
i keep my hair cut very short.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
karma is real , do you agree ?
i do agree . ever notice in scary movies how the bad guy always gets killed ?
i don't believe in dating and have never been
you have never been on a date ? how old are you ?
i never say no when it comes to dogs in shelters , i have to have them all
can you answer my question on how old you are ?
do you like to read ? i do
yeah i do but do you actually care about my answers ?
my age isn't important , only my beliefs
and so you believe that its okay to be rude and dominate a conversation .
yes the bad guy does always seem to get killed
persona
and , my best friend is abigail.
i take martial arts after school.
i am ten years old.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
persona II
i hate flowers.
i make my own clothes.
i play the piano.
i'm going bald.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my name is bertha , how are you
i'm good . you ? my name is greg .
i am good , abigail , my best friend , made me some nachos
i like those . i spent today making myself a new shirt . i make my clothes .
oh how cool , can you make harry potter clothes ?
i actually have in the past .
goblet of fire is my favorite one , how about you ?
mine too actually . i like the contest .
i do too , i am only ten . so i like contests
i am forty . i still like them .
i do martial arts , i have a contest coming up soon
good luck and i hope you win .
haha thanks , i'm more nervous to start my safety patrol tomorrow
persona
i like to go for bike rides.
i like music.
i am a vegan.
i like the guitar.
i like to skateboard.
persona II
country music makes me cringe.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
i m an amazing dancer.
i m a terrible speller.
i've blonde hair that reaches my knees.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
yo man , do you enjoy music as much as i do ?
yes ! i love to dance to it . i'm pretty amazing at it
awesome ! i shred on the guitar and listen to music basically whenever i can .
the only thing is that i cant do country music . it makes me cringe
that is how i feel about most rap . do you skate ?
no , my blonde hair that is down to my knees would get in the way
oh wow , that is impressive !
it is is not it ? you like animals ?
i love them ! i've a pet lizard named bobo .
you should come volunteer at the animal shelter with me one time !
i would love that so much .
you'll have to mind my spelling . it is terrible
i can forgive it this time .
so what else do you enjoy to do ?
i ride my bike a lot when skateboarding is too much .
persona
i have a master s degree.
i'm a female.
my favorite color is purple.
my favorite singer is kid rock.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i want to be an explorer.
i visit india often.
i'm an athlete.
i don't like my job.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i am jane do you like ribs
yes i love baby back ribs
cool i just painted my swingset purple
it should have been blue , that's my favorite color
the seats are blue ! ! just want the bars to be purple
awesome ! ! ! so jane what do yo do for a living ?
i just finished my masters in teaching
nice . i play sports professionally
i gonna teach elementary not many are female here
nice . i play sports professionally
cool do u like kid rock
nice . i play sports professionally
i got paint on my pants ha ha
i hate my job though . yeah kid rock is ok
pandora mixes it up so i just paint n let it go
persona
my dad is a veteran.
i listen to all kinds of music.
i love watching funny movies.
i like to play tennis.
persona II
i teach at a large school.
my class has 26 kids.
i graduated college in 2016.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach kindergarten.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i am divan . i like all kinds of music .
i often use music while teaching my kindergarten class .
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you like movies as well ?
yes but have not seen many until recently since i just graduated in 2016 .
oh ok . i like watching funny movies . i like to laugh alot
do you enjoy water sports like kayaking or canoeing ?
i do not play water sports much . i however like tennis
if you saw me play tennis you would laugh alot .
my dads a veteran i try to get him to play to stay in shape
that is a good idea . staying is shape is important .
what do you do for fun ? other than water sports ?
i enjoy reading and crocheting for charity .
i love to read . i'm no good at crocheting .
persona
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my mother is from greece.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
persona II
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
i write in my spare time.
i never sleep in.
i wish i knew where i belonged.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my mom is from greece my dad is from india . where are your parents from ?
i love to write because it is my favorite job .
what do you write about ?
sorry , i hate to talk about my parents , i do not like them
sorry to hear that . where do you live ?
in my spare time , i like to write about parents relationships
that is cool . if its hot i usually go swimming
i live in usa . and wow you are a multi cultural family
yes we definitely are . family reunions get togethers are always crazy
me too , i just like to be in the cool water and the sun still shinning .
i only like it when the weather is hot
when i write , i find myself it this cruel world
my favorite color is green . what is yours ?
persona
i love book.
i am working on a biology degree.
i'm allergic to nuts.
1984 is my favorite book.
i am in college.
persona II
i fix airplanes for a living.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how is your day going today ?
hello my cat just broke down . its junky and old .
your cat or your car ? i'd feel bad for both !
haha my car . my cat is fine .
oh well not good . lol i don't drive while in college , just use public transit .
i'm fixing an old plane to fly .
that's really ambitious ! and i thought being a biology student was .
i love biology . they help a lot of people .
my only hobby is reading , 1984 is my absolute favorite .
i love that book . i've it in vinyl record . they are my fave .
i'd love to have the vinyl for that . all i've is old punk records .
punk is great . love the sex pistols .
me too , the clash and the romanes , and newer stuff like american psychos .
punk music makes a statement . its changed the world .
absolutely ! i love bands who don't hold back in anything .
persona
twilight is my favorite book series.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
i only surf when the tide is low.
i recently moved to florida.
persona II
my favorite activity is fishing.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i cannot go a single day without eating ice cream.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i am big bertha , how are you ?
i am good . i am excited to go fishing tomorrow !
oh cool , where do you fish ?
in this one river by my house . sometime i get on an intertube an float instead .
i moved to florida recently , lots of fish here
how is the storm ? i'd have stocked up on lots of ice cream !
i only moved here for the small surf waves . so i'm might move away
with the storm i don't blame you . is it raining now ?
yeah , its all cloudy like in twilight . my favorite series ever by the way
if i saw a vampire i'd run so fast !
i'd let him suck my big bertha blood
persona
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i don't eat healthy.
i have 3 kids.
i married my high school sweetheart.
persona II
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i'm a georgia resident.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i love to read fiction books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
great ! from georgia so hoping these hurricanes do not effect us .
oh yes , i feel very bad for those affected
me too ! so tell me about you . . . any hobbies ?
i really like to listen to music
what kind ? i'm an avid reader mostly sci fi and horror .
my favorite band is the rolling stones
i like them too . you like football ?
not really . with 3 kids , i don't have much time to watch
yeah that would be hard . i have a fantasy football league in my spare time .
what kinds of food do you enjoy ?
i love steak , and like the down home cooking . . fried chicken etc . you ?
i love soda . i've one with me all the time
persona
i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
we help each other out in my family.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
i despise my boss.
persona II
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i enjoy cooking.
i own a cleaning company.
i am married.
my mother was a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well thank you . how are you ?
i am pretty good . where do you work ?
i have my own cleaning company . where do you work ?
i'm a manager at a restaurant i work so much
i love to cook
nice you should come work for me
if my husband lets me get a second job .
life your live . down with the patriarchy
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to cut loose and lose control
i read a lot . my favorite author is nicholas sparks
the notebook and stuff and etc
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
persona II
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
i work as a mall cop.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i'm recently divorced.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
howdy what is a better name for crypto currency than bitcoin
well , once i have heard something with a name for so long , i can't see anything else
hmm true good point . . . whats new ?
well , i finalized my divorce yesterday . so i'm super excited .
always a good feeling to be done and start fresh
very much , are you a dog person ? or cat person
neither i'm about to travel so pets are out for now
if you could have any ?
horse please ! but i am about to travel to iceland and faroe islands
oh that sounds like fun , i am a major dog person
do you have a dog currently ? i use to have a black lab
i have a little sh zu with a full snout
are those the wrinkly dogs ? my lab would eat pizza a the table with me
they're those super small long hair dogs , people groom them like crazy
oh i see . good luck with that ! i'm going dancing tonite at la casa mike
persona
i am getting married next week.
we are getting married in a park.
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
my dog is the ring bearer.
persona II
i currently work at target.
i live in a house in california.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i'm 5 7 tall.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i am a week away from my wedding
how awesome ! have you got everything done ?
it is going to be low key in a park
i am from california and park weddings are gorgeous here .
it is going to be fabulous . are you married
yes . our wedding was low key , as well . we even had our dog present .
that's sweet . we are going to niagra falls for the honeymoon
that sounds like fun . i've never been to niagra falls .
it is a little cliche , but i am excited
be sure to stop into target and pick up some raincoats .
that's great advice i think i'll make our dog the ring bearer
wonderful idea ! take plenty of dog treats . i buy mine a new biscuit everyday .
good advice ! i'll do that
he has never turned one down . have you seen any new movies lately ?
too busy planning , what have you seen ?
persona
i fly airplanes.
my favorite band is tool.
i'm in the army.
i enjoy building computers.
persona II
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i'm in my second year of medical school.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
i've two children but i am divorced.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what took you so long to get here ? i'm a pilot you know
i currently live in louisiana and i'm a hindu .
that means i fly planes . anywhere you need to go ?
no i currently am just studying in my second year of medical school .
do you like the army ? i'm in it
i live with my two children but am a divorced single mom .
my favorite musical group is tool ? you know their tunes ?
i love eating my moms baked goods . she's definitely the best baker in the family .
i'm sorry to hear that . do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend to help you ?
no unfortunately i do not
i am sorry to hear that . good luck ! you are great to your kids i bet
thank you ! they are lovely kids .
and they will realize one day how good you are to them . keep it up !
one day when they're older .
yes , definitely . i know i did when i grew up
persona
i'm studying literature.
my favorite food is tacos.
i like to draw.
i am from france.
persona II
i love country music.
i am a meat eater.
i like football on tv.
i drive a big truck.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you tonight ?
good ! just got back from deer hunting and now i am watching football .
what is it with americans and hunting ? i am french , we do not hunt .
i am a typical american ! i love eating meat , country music , trucks and football .
i just moved here last year . i recently had my first taco , i am in love .
where did you move from ?
france . i'm studying here now , literature .
what else do you do ?
i like art , and am taking classes . you ?
hunting and football takes up most of my time .
what do you hunt ? do women hunt ?
we sure do ! i hunt deer and i fish .
i'm experimenting with pineapple blends right now .
oooh . i prefer sour diesel myself .
do you have a favorite artist ?
persona
i've 3 dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
i like to go to the lake.
persona II
my brother thinks he's a viking.
my nails are painted green.
my masters degree is in italian literature.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
doing well , just got home . you ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i'm an accounting for a small business
that sounds rather boring . do you like it ?
its alright i guess , kinda boring
hobbies are always a good idea .
i love reading horror books
i've never been scared by a book . i'd rather watch movies .
have you seen the conjuring ?
persona
i like to listen to elvis.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i own blue shoes.
i drive a blue car.
i like the color blue.
persona II
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i love dragons.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm a big fan of elvis , i once saw him in ny recently
interesting . i like cheese . specifically on hot dogs . i should come to ny
when i did saw elvis , i got a blue car
do you have any kids ? i already have my first grand baby .
i also start to wear blue shoes , the suede ones
they would be better if they had dragons on them . dragons make all better .
that is nice i also have one kid , he likes elvis too , we both like blue color
chili corn dogs are good have you had one ?
i hate dragons it is an evil creature . elvis rules !
no , you are wrong . dragons are best critter . better than elvis .
elvis may appear in your city this week
doubtful . he should come knock on my door i am up all night , any time is good
please don't make me angry , you'll not like me if you do
bruce ? haha . do you also like green ?
don't be like mr . mcgee , be like elvis
persona
i enjoy shopping.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i've a cat named speckles.
i work in an office.
i've two tattoos.
persona II
i design video games for a living.
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
my son plays on the local football team.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you
i am good , playing some video games right now
sweet
how are you ?
is that what you like to do
i prefer designing the games but playing them is a good way to gain inspiration !
i'm great , looking at amazon love to shop haha
are you looking for anything in particular ?
that pretty cool , maybe i will buy one of your games
yeah ! i have been trying to create a startup for a new game
really what kind of games do you design
persona
both my parents were teachers.
i had two cats growing up.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
i've two children.
persona II
i like victorian things.
i like jazz.
i collect dolls.
i'm a romantic.
i like antiques.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am worried my kids wo not love to volunteer st the animal shelter like me .
well did you ever ask them ?
i had a couple of cats as a kid , thought they might be like me
cat can be cute , again did you ask them if they wanted to ?
yeah , they seemed totally uninterested . i'm not as good a teacher as my parents i guess .
well you cannot always teach likes . did you see if they wanted to do a different activity ?
my parents taught , so maybe that is why they were more effective at this parenting thing ?
i don't have kids so i don't know , sorry .
my tw kids are the best , really . its just a struggle .
i think all parents feel that way at one point .
yeah , i bet . i guess i just have to keep trying . you do not have kids though ?
persona
i haven t done anything since high school.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i was diagnosed with autism.
people in school said i was quiet.
i play games at the arcade , still.
persona II
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing tonight ? just got home from the arcade myself .
i am just studying , last year of college .
cool . what are you studying to be ?
i am going to be a teacher .
cool . my teachers in school were always trying to get me to talk .
mine too but because i learned english late .
oh , what is your first language ?
swedish , my family moved here when i was 5
i'd like to go to sweden . what is it like there ?
can be cold , but beautiful .
do you ever miss being there ?
i visit often enough , my brother is in a band and travels .
that's awesome . what kind of music do they play ?
persona
i have 3 kids.
i know karate.
i am a scientist.
i want to go to mars.
persona II
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i have a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you tonight ?
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
hi how are you tonight ?
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
i've not they should cool though
me too , they are this funky band from the 80s . they go great with some spicy tex mex food !
i really want to live on mars
its an awesome planet i teach my kindergartners about it all the time
do you have kids of your own ?
not at this time just a dog named tiki , you ?
i do not have a dog but do karate
persona
i got married 10 years later.
i was a slave for 10 years.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i love the band van halen.
i wear a lot of purple.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i want to be a doctor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
chillin to van halen . wearing my purple jump suit . what you up to ?
trying to write my book about escaping slavery after  years and became a carpenter
no kidding ! i'm boning up on anatomy . trying to get into med school .
wow ! good luck with that . you married ?
no ! only 23 years old , got a long haul of schooling ahead of me . you ?
i am much older than you then . been married 10 years now !
what is it like being married ?
well , it is good . especially after being a slave . we got married in my favorite color ! red
you are a little strange , but good strange . i love dungeons and dragons .
i cant say i have ever played that . good strange is fine with me
it sucks me in and takes me away from my studying , which is bad .
what else do you enjoy ?
just rock and roll , the color purple not the book ! lol and working toward being rich .
well , i am hoping my book makes me rich
persona
i am a chef.
i like to bake pies.
i love traveling.
i like to garden.
persona II
we have two pets as well.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i'm thirty years old.
i've two children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , care to chat with a chef that likes to bake pies mostly .
hello ! i love baking , not pies but nevertheless i bake for my family !
that is great what are your hobbies ? i like gardening
hobbies ? ; got two kids , i am a stay at home mom . playing with our two dogs .
that can be like a hobby . i also love to travel .
my husband is the sole provider , and i'm 30 years old . how old are you ?
i am 53 but i've a birthday coming up
what are your favorite dishes to bake and places to visit ? i've not travelled lately .
i have traveled to mexico and holland . apple pie
i wish you an early happy birthday ! mmm . . i like istanbul , and soft shell crab
thank you . i like those too
awesome would you like my soft shelled crab recipe ?
i'd very much , thank you
persona
i like to draw other people.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to drink tea.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
persona II
i love watching funny movies.
my dad is a veteran.
my favorite color is green.
i listen to all kinds of music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you like to draw ?
doodling is one my skills , as long as it is green
i enjoy drawing other people .
like famous people ? comedians are a good choice
only if they have a sense of humor
i would hope so being a comedian lol
i like hard boiled eggs , maybe you could make a joke about eggs .
never said i was a comedian , new subject what music you into ?
rock and roll . do you like tea ? i drink a lot of tea .
i prefer drinks with a bit more kick
i like scotch with my tea haha .
got to admit , have never tried that combo
goes well with hard boiled eggs , you have to try it lol .
persona
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
my favorite color is blue.
my mother was a piano teacher.
i grew up in the deep south.
persona II
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i'm an anime fan.
my job involves building drones.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! what is your favorite type of food ?
hi there , i mainly like food from food trucks i go to at concerts
oh delicious ! mexican food is my favorite , but i cannot stand seafood .
cool ! i had great mexican at a techno music fest one time . techno all the way !
my mother taught piano , so i must confess that classical is my preference .
oh no ! i only listen to techno . got a whole wardrobe full of techno band tees .
cool ! i think i will try listening to techno soon , it sounds fun !
you should . what else do you enjoy ?
hunting is a hobby of mine , makes sense as i'm from the south . you ?
i build drones for a living , and a lot of people use those in hunting !
cool ! i've never tried using a drone , that sounds fun !
you should ! do you like anime ?
i do , i love anime ! have you seen yuri ! ! on ice ! ?
no ! but i'd love to !
if you like anime , i think you will like it . do you have a favorite color ?
persona
i studied early childhood education in college.
i've a puppy named tiki.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
persona II
i have 2 kids.
my wife is a nurse.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i like to play baseball.
i'm a doctor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
pretty good . leaving the hospital .
oh sorry to hear that , you alright ?
i'm fine . i'm actually a doctor and my wife is also a nurse .
oh wow did you guys meet at work ?
we met after a baseball game . i enjoy playing in local games .
oh that is cool , i enjoy walking my dog and kids .
cool ! sometimes i take my two kids up into the mountains for hikes .
nice , we did a field trip recently in the hills . i'm a teacher .
cool ! i think the mountains are my favorite place to be .
they are peaceful and pretty . nice getaway . do you have any pets ?
no , i don't have any pets .
what type of doctor are you ?
i work with cardiology at our hospital .
wow impressive , your wife is a nurse on the same floor ?
persona
my family is very important to me.
i work all the time.
i drive a nice car.
my brothers work with me.
persona II
i've eight grandchildren.
i've good health.
i wear glasses.
i am retired.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi hoe was your day ? i just got off work with my brothers .
woo hoo ! i am retired ! what do you and your brothers do ?
we work at a factory . family is everything to me .
do you have a large family ? i have got grandkids even . eight !
wow ! yes , i've 2 brothers and 2 sisters .
are they married ? do you have nieces and nephews ?
i do have have 3 nephews and 1 niece . i work a lot though .
what kind of stuff do you make at the factory ?
cars actually , i work for gm . i just bought a lexus though lol
do you live in detroit ?
i live in ohio , near lordstown , and you ?
persona
i'm a lesbian.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i love cats.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i'm healthy.
persona II
i enjoy running.
my favorite band is creed.
i'm a carnivore.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my girlfriend loves me inspite of me being over weight lol
my girlfriend left me after i lost my job and went on welfare
we cant share clothes anymore but hey
you should try running . its my favorite hobby now
darn she was not a rider i'm sorry to hear
sometimes . . . i think about running into traffic because of being on welfare
i decorate cakes lol i do not have the time my dr said i am healthy
you ever listen to creed ? they are great to listen to while running
why ? it could be worse . like animals ?
i do . especially cows . they make the best steaks
yes the do yummy ! i enjoy cats tho
cats are nice . maybe i will get one with all the free time i've .
like cakes ? i will make you 1 an decorate it for your smile .
persona
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i'm about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i am 17.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
persona II
i am a soccer player.
i joined a new team last month.
nike cleats are my favorite.
my number is 42.
i am a goalie.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey whats up its chad lol
i just got on a team i'm number 42 the goalie
congrats goalie ! i love playing hockey . . . for beer !
the nike cleats are my fav
cleats are your fave ? like your favorite thing ever ? lol
oh really lol ? where at chad ?
new england baby ! new england all day
no the nike kind are lol
the nike cleats are your fave , cool stuff . so what else do you like goalie ?
i like to play soccer , hbu in new england ?
just lacrosse for me . i'm playing college lacrosse next year
cool , what college do you attend ?
its a small one , you may not of heard of it . reed college in oregon
i thought you lived in new england ?
i do , this is next year when i'm in college . not in college yet lol
persona
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i have 2 cats.
i'm vegan.
i work in a veterinary office.
persona II
i'm content with my life.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i'm very shy.
i sing in the shower.
i've never had alcohol.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hiya ! hows your day going ?
hey ! its going pretty good , just a normal , mundane day . how about you ?
so happy ! no one bit me today and my boss brought in strawberries , my favorite !
awesome ! have you heard of that new strawberry vodka that was released recently ?
no , sound great ! as long as its vegan , i am in !
i have been thinking of trying it , but i have never drank . have you ever drank before ?
i drink when i'm out with friends . what do you do ?
i usually play with my dog and browse the internet . its a good life ! haha .
my cats like it when i'm online , they are both right here now
cats , gotta love em . any animal , really . i'm fascinated by them . p
anything fun planned for the weekend ? i'll be at the beach
somewhat , yeah . relaxing at home and watching a tv show . sounds fun , huh ? p
hey , beats being at work huh !
sure does ! although work ai not so bad , my co workers are pretty nice people .
bias , my phone is ringing
persona
i want to go back to school.
i want to move to las vegas.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to learn self defense.
persona II
my friends tell me that i'm a neurotic hypochondriac.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing ok how are you ?
i am good , just applying for loans so i can finish my education .
that is great hope you get one i've my masters degree
that's awesome ! have you ever been to las vegas ? thinking about moving there .
no i teach at a catholic private school
oh , okay . do you have any recommendations on shows to watch on netflix ?
i watch bones and criminal minds . i've ocd so i've to binge watch them
i do the same thing ! my sister and i are really close , so we watch everything together .
that is great ! i had friends but they call me a crazy hypochondriac so i watch alone
what do you teach at the catholic school ?
i teach math and science at the elementary level
i wish you taught self defense , i really need to learn that !
persona
i'm married with kids.
i enjoy watching baseball.
my favorite color is orange.
i hate running.
persona II
i am twenty years old.
i love pasta.
i work at a hospital.
i love to read fiction.
i'm a student at a small community college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . my name is sarah . currently married with 5 kids .
hi i am joe . i am 20 years old
hi joe . my kids love baseball . i enjoy watching them . do you like baseball ?
i'm not a big sports fan , but i do love cooking
what do you like to cook . i love foods all orange . its my favorite color .
i love to make homemade pasta , aglio e olio is my favorite
italian is my favorite too . what do you do on your spare time ?
i read fictions on free time and currently working at a hospital .
oh nice . what do you do ? physician ? they run a lot . i dislike running .
nah , i am in school , a community college . hoping to make something in medical care
how commendable . i too was in the medical field working for oncology dept .
wow that's great . hopefully i can get into some medical school some place .
wish you the best of luck ! where ae you from ?
persona
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i like meat too much.
i do the shopping in my house.
i want to be a vegetarian.
persona II
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i m allergic to cats.
i love to have my nails done.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing today ?
i'm well , sugar . how are you ?
i am great , just eating lots of meat , my favorite , what about you ?
i am good , though i really should not be on the computer since my nails are drying .
that is not good , do you ever online shop ?
yes ! you can find great deals on pageant dresses . what do you get online ?
i generally shop for clothing and stuff for the house .
what is your family like ?
we all eat together , mostly pork because i'm lazy .
my husband and i eat out . he's pretty busy as an attorney for nike .
that is great , i kind of want to become a vegetarian , any opinions ?
other contestants i've met who have gone vegan look fabulous ! go for it .
i will at your advice , thank you sugar !
persona
i work at amazon.
i have two kids.
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
persona II
i play video games all day.
i eat all take out.
i still live at home with my parents.
i don't want a job.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
yeah i'm doing ok i guess , you ?
i'm good just dropped my kids off at school
that's cool i guess , i've been up all night playing my x box .
my kids love playing video games
cool , i play them like all day , everyday .
i feel like that would get boring after a while
nah i live at home with my mom and dad . they are boring .
do not you like to hang out with friends
oh i play with them over the internet on the x box .
i am assuming youre in high school any college plans ?
pfft sounds like my mom , get a job , go to collage . lame !
lol what do you plan to do after school
play video games for money , like on youtube or something .
can you make a lot of money doing that
persona
i blame myself for all of my problems.
i can t hold down a job for very long.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i am constantly drinking.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
persona II
i don t have many friends.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i like lizards.
i've long hair for a boy.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you
i'm alright . i'm carl . how are you ?
hey carl , i'm very well .
good . i'm not a big fan of this world we live in .
oh yeah ? what do you like abou it ?
i do like reptiles , and my wavy locks . what do you like ?
i like rocks too , and i drink a lot
sounds fun . i like drinks too . i wish i was a knight .
i can not even keep a job . what kind of knight ?
a medieval knight , or maybe a space adventurer .
how could you possibly do that ?
i could try really hard . i don't try hard in school though .
maybe it isn't your fault , i blame myself a lot
you should go easy on yourself . you seem nice .
oh my goodness thank you
persona
i love to run.
i ca swim very fast.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i love to sing.
persona II
i work at a bookstore.
i never knew my dad.
my mom is a nurse.
i don t drive.
i've three tattoos.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing today ? i just made chicken and rice with turmeric .
wow sounds good i just got home from my bookstore job
cool , so you work on sundays ? how many days in all ?
i work 4 days a week to help out my mom she is a nurse
that is kind of you . i have several nurses as good friends .
my dad was a doctor i heard but i never knew him
that happens sometimes . my father was a civil engineer down south .
hats really cool i want my dad to teach me how to drive one day
that's difficult to comprehend if you never knew him .
i know i wouldn't have got my 3 tattoos if he was here to stop me
yeah , i do not care for tattoos myself , even on david beckham .
so what else are you into ?
i like music , playing the piano . i sing too , but not such a great voice .
i bet you are very good
at the piano , yes . i'm also a very good swimmer and won matches .
persona
i am fairly conservative in politics.
i live in a rural community.
i have two kids.
i love robotics.
i work at amazon.
persona II
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i drive only toyota.
superman s my favorite super hero.
i like pepsi.
i talk a lot in irc.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
topic good and you
i'm just dealing with these 2 brats who are my kids
oh oh , naughty tonight ? call superman for help
i have a robot and love it
i like robots , but chocolate chip cookies are my kryptonite
i work at a big cooperation like ebay it is amazon
cool i hear that's a great place to work
yes it is great i love it
i have been trying to find new mats for my toyota on amazon
i could take a look for you if you want
that would be awesome . my rides are only toyotas , so has to fit
i'm a conservative person
persona
i like sports.
i work for a government agency.
my favorite food is pizza.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i prefer baseball over football.
persona II
i graduated high school in 1986.
i have a ten year old son.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i'm doing financial business now.
i play piano.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
wonderful ! how are you doing today ?
i'm good what are your hobbies
i enjoy playing piano ! i hope to be able to teach music after retirement .
that's nice i work for the government not as fun
i am currently in financial business . would rather teach music haha !
haha that is funny do you like baseball
not at all , but my son loves it !
i try to go to a game almost every week
wow ! i am more of a football gal myself .
ah what kinds of food do you like
persona
i've a pomeranian.
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i play the violin.
persona II
i'm strong.
i never eat veggies.
i'm tall.
i love to run fast.
i'm young.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! i just got back from walking my dog . how are you ?
good . what kind of dog do you have ?
a little pomeranian , she hates when i play my violin lol .
i bet she does . are you a professional at it ?
i placed in a few competitions , my mom is a music teacher in the elementary school .
cool . i'm on the track team at my high school and win some too .
winners over here ! any other hobbies or pets ?
if professional eater counts . need lots of protein to grow tall and strong .
that's awesome , what is your favorite food to professionally eat ?
i was kidding . i do love beef though , not so much vegetables . what is yours ?
ha ! good one ! i guess mine would be pizza .
we can get some pizza . race you there , i bet i win .
