don't be sorry we talk every night on my ouija board .
that's really sexy
i work in my garden . i grow pot
do you sell it ? i am saving money to buy a car .
no , black coffee is my addiction . the blacker the coffee sweeter the juice
i am too young for coffee . my parents drink it though .
my family gets together every saturday cherish your family
my parents do not cherish me .
they do , they're just stressed
they do not . do you want to adopt me ?
persona
i am married.
my favorite book is the bible.
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
i am a older gentlemen.
persona II
i own a french bulldog.
i'm unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i like drinking expensive wine.
i like getting my nails done.
dialogue
hi , how is your job going ?
i am retired , spend most of my time at church , what about you ?
unemployed , but i was willed a trust fund , so i live very comfortably
nice deal , my wife are plan to travel and spend our money , kids get nothing
perfect , i spend money on wine and manicures
i donate a fair bit to church , and the only wine i have is at communion
that is nice , i lost a diamond at a formal ball , someone left lucky
they did indeed , sorry to hear you lost it
it is okay my french bulldog bought me a new one
i need a dog that generous , are you married ?
single and ready to mingle
enjoy it , do you meet many new people often then ?
i am pretty particular , so no , what about you
i've a wife , and am very happy , i got lucky
persona
i have several siblings i do not know.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
i was adopted.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
i work at a local party store.
persona II
i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
i just graduated college with my bachelors degree in education.
i love children.
i am twenty two years old.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
dialogue
i love kids just got a job at an elementary school !
congrats on the job ! i work at a store that sells party supplies .
just got my bachelors degree
wow , congrats again ! do you like holidays ? i love christmas .
i am only 22 i hope they don't drive me crazy lol
do you have siblings ? i've some , but i don't know them .
yes i do , so happy i live near my job also !
do you live near family ? i am adopted , but i am close to my adoptive parents .
yes i do just 1 .
do you have any interesting hobbies ?
i do not anymore . i use too .
anything else you like to do ?
yes reading an writing , i can't wait with these kids .
do you want to have your own kids eventually ?
i have 2 already so i want 2 more !
cool ! i want some also , but not yet . getting to know my birth family first .
persona
i work for a beer distributor.
i've a toddler.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
persona II
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
my parents have been married for 40 years.
i love to read.
i am a proofreader for a greeting card company.
dialogue
how are you doing today
a little drunk . we had a tasting at work . you ?
i'm great . what did you taste ?
we have a new ipa we are marketing to children .
that sounds pretty awful . why ?
it is a paycheck . i am trying to support my family .
do you have kids and stuff
yes , he's a handful . luckily , my partner watches him all day .
do you feel bad about the beer situation with a kid
not really , he is too young to buy the stuff . do you have kids ?
i have a few . they're older now .
i was only joking about marketing our products to children .
oh i see . i felt bad for a minute .
please don't feel badly . do you work ?
persona
i like to ride horses.
i like to wear boots.
i have many girlfriends.
i am argentinian.
i like to eat beef.
persona II
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my lifes goal is to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
good . would you like to go horse back riding today ?
hm , maybe not today . i sell encyclopedias door to door and its not a money maker . .
oh , yes horse as a hobby is expensive . my boots cost a small fortune .
i bet . i've to work at the local gas station too just to make ends meet !
oh my . you definately couldn't afford to have several girlfriends and eat steak like i do .
nope ! plus the richest person i've ever met here was peyton manning at the store .
ll . i met joe montana , huey lewis , and gray slick .
lucky ! where did you meet them ?
they came to argentina where i am from and i met them in a drugstore .
interesting . do you ride horses often ? i have a large rock collection from hiking trails .
i started riding before i could walk .
persona
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
i take fridays off in the summer.
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i hate wearing make up.
i own a hot pink moped.
i've really long fingernails.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine and you ?
i am good hope you are doing well
yes thank you i have the longest finger nails do you ?
yes i go get my nails done at the salon
cool i am the owner of the hot pink moped .
i sell things i am always on my phone
i hate to use any kind of make up on my face that is cool too .
i sell things i'm always on my phone
i hate to use make up on my face .
i don't like it either . i like it natural
oh i bet you are very pretty i like orange colors do you ?
i do not like it either . i like it natural
i like orange colors do you i bet you are cute .
yes i love oranges they taste so good
persona
i am getting married next week.
we are getting married in a park.
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
my family hates my fiance.
persona II
i work in tv.
i m a lesbian.
i don t treat my girlfriend very well.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
good afternoon how are you doing today
i am good . i am heading to work right now . what are you doing today ?
i am working and geting married next wek
wow ! that is exciting , i am thinking about asking my girlfriend to marry me .
that is awesome i am marrying in a park
have you guys been together for a long time ?
seventeen years and i can not wait to go on my honeymoon
where will you guys be going ?
niagra falls and i'll be in a bikini the whole time
my band shot a music video there . it is lovely , you'll have a great time .
i hope i'm just ready to be there
i am a camerawoman for a travel station , we have shot there a few times .
that is so neat . my family doesn't agree with my marriage
i know that feeling , my family hates that i'm gay .
i hate to hear that they should love you no matter what
persona
i surf everyday.
i like to listen to country music.
i work at a bar.
people say i can cook well.
persona II
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
i love to cook.
i am going on a cruise next month.
dialogue
hi , nice to meet you . how are you doing ?
i am doing good , just grooving to some country music .
oh nice , who is your favorite singer ?
my favorite is that country musician that surfs everyday , just like me .
oh nice . what else do you like to do ?
i am getting ready for work tonight at the bar .
oh nice , are you a bartender ?
i cook at the bar because people say i can do that really good .
oh nice . i also enjoy cooking . what type of food ? ?
i do a lot of grilling while i daydream of surfing the waves again .
oh , are you a professional surfer ?
its something that i do every single day .
oh wow , you must have to wake up really early then ?
i work at nights at the bar and surf in the days .
oh wow , that is a great life !
what do you like to do ?
persona
i'm in art school.
my favorite class is painting.
i like to work with acrylics.
i have blonde hair.
i aspire to paint murals.
persona II
my favorite band is metallica.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
i read autobiographies before bed.
i have a cat named george.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am fine and you ?
good ! i went to the gym like i always do
oh that is nice . . . i do not get to work out much .
it is a good time for me to listen to metallica . do you listen to music ?
yes , i listen to music while i paint .
oh painting ! what do you like to paint ?
i do small murals . but i'd like to work on something bigger .
would you be able to draw my cat george ?
i sure could try . i don't paint animals much .
i am sure it is better than how i would paint . i am a reader
reading is good . i just always like working with my hands .
persona
i cannot get enough of lindsey spirlings music.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
if i were to be reincarnated , i'd want to come back as a hippopotamus.
persona II
i do not own a television.
i know how to pilot a plane.
my hobby is photography.
i live in the mountains.
dialogue
hello there , thanks for taking an interest in my photographs
i know its early but i enjoy my baileys in my coffee
well , its not that early here in the mountains
i love meatloaf i would eat it everyday no problem
meatloaf is wonderful . full of protein , which way do you make it ?
onions green peppers ketchup bread crumbs
the classic version . i just got my pilots licence , want to go flying ? ll
i love music when cooking especially that lindsey stirling . yes lets go
cool , we can go to the mountains where i live and have meatloaf later at yours
i smoke alot though , 2 packs a day
no smoking in the plane ! its dangerous .
if i die i hope i come back as a hippo !
persona
i wish i could speak another language.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i'm bored with my current lifestyle.
persona II
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i'm very short.
i'm a female.
i've 2 kids.
i hate tomatoes.
dialogue
i do not like tomatoes that much and especially airplane tomatoes . what do you think ?
i love tomatoes
which tomatoes do you like red or yellow ?
both are good
i heard that the yellow tomato is low in acid . is this true ?
i am not sure . what do you like to do in your free time
i do listen to music and i love to cook .
i read about other cultures and play computer games . both are getting kind of bland now tho
that's good . i do play computer games once a while but not often .
that's one of the main things i do on my down time .
do you like cooking ?
no i just like eating food from other countries so i eat out a ot
me too but i do enjoy cooking .
do you ever wish you could learn a new language
persona
i have a timeshare in mexico.
i own my own business.
my favorite tv show is friends.
my favorite food is sushi.
my brother lives in england.
persona II
i am on a keto diet.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i like going to the moives.
dialogue
hi there i was a circus clown
that must be an interesting profession . i'm my own boss .
i was also a juggler .
they kind of go hand in hand , do they not ?
daddy and grandpa worked there too . . .
it sounds like a family business then . do you have any siblings ?
no , but i am on a new diet
i've a brother who lives in england , but sometimes he goes to my timeshare in mexico
where was he born ?
japan . so was i . i think that is why i love sushi so much .
sushi is good , they should serve it at movie theaters .
i've never thought about that before ! i prefer tv to movies though .
what is the world coming to , i'm going back to the circus .
whenever i'm looking for answers , i turn to friends , my favorite tv show
persona
i like smoking weed.
i am a meataholic.
i love rap music.
my dad works for stifle.
persona II
i'm a baseball player.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i went to miami university.
i am married and have three kids.
i make a million dollars a year.
dialogue
hey . what do you do for a living ?
nothing really . i am a hippie . smoke weed all day .
ah , well you ever hear of the baltimore orioles ? baseball ? well i'm on the team .
awesome , but i'm not into sports much .
well you should be . i pull in 7 figures every year for my hot wife and kids .
i am a freeloader . dad pays my bills .
you should have gone to miami university like me and my 3 kids did .
since your famous , do you know any rappers ?
yeah a few , you have a favorite one ?
jay z . but really love all rappers . they are cool .
jay z is pretty cool , he's fun to hang with .
i'd love to have a weed party with all of you .
heck yeah . jay z has the best weed too .
after i smoke , i crave meat . i'm a meataholic .
persona
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i recently made the college baseball team.
my favorite player is mike trout.
persona II
i love non gmo foods.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love cold weather.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
dialogue
so where do you work ? i've 2 jobs as a cashier .
that is alot of work . i am a college student
is it cold where you go to school ? i love the snow and cold .
i am in cali so its hot . i go to uci . where are you from ?
kansas . what kind of foods do you enjoy ? i do not like gmos .
i eat alot of pizza cuz its easy
i like chili peppers on my pizza , just the like band ; they are my favorite .
red hot chili peppers !
yeah ! whats your favorite band ?
green day . . . smashing pumpkins . . .
i love green day too ! basket case is a great song .
awesome
what do you go to school for ?
i play baseball , just made shortstop
persona
i visit comic con.
i love anime.
i read a lot.
i draw comics.
i love role play.
persona II
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
my friends tell me that i am a neurotic hypochondriac.
ocd rules my life , and i've a hard time relinquishing control.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
good . i love watching anime , and roleplaying while visiting comic con . you will always see me reading
that is awesome , i'm not really into anime .
cool you should read my manga i draw a lot of comics
that would be interesting , with ocd its hard for me to relinquish control .
try role playing with me i have a dungeons and dragons game coming up soon
i would love to ! the kids i teach at my elementary school love and !
me too ! i think critical role is on twitch today you should watch it
my bf watches twitch a lot .
critical role is a live d and d game with lots of great voice actors
oath hm , never heard of it . what do you do for a living ?
i use long sticks to poke to eyes out of fish to make fehs
didn't know you could do thatfor a living , i am vegan , so i couldn't do it ! haha
its ok i only need sunlight and water to survive its like i am a mutant .
that's interesting , like mutant ninja turtle ? lol
yeah this was fun i love you
this is still fun ! i have never chatted with a mutant before .
you should more often , cause we make really sexy friends
hush , yeah something like that .
ok well then i guess this is goodbye if you do not want to be lovers
i definitely don't . i'm too much of hypochondriac to love anyone
oh guess you did not notice but i don't have any germs on me
persona
i am 53 years old.
i have blonde hair.
i have twelve kids.
i'm obese.
i live in alabama.
persona II
i enjoy the outdoors.
i live on a ranch.
i am 21 years old.
i'm a cheerleader.
dialogue
21 is such a good year . like sinatra said it was a very good yeaeear
you are 21 ? hi ! a 53 year old blonde here ! how are you ?
enjoying my ranch , watching the sunset down by the creek
i am in alabama . where are you ? enjoying that by yourself ? any family ?
deep in the heart . . . plenty family , you know how we do it in texas .
am a mother of  myself ! but they'ren't the reason i'm overweight
i cheer lead . i you need any cheer to help ?
i can always use a cheer , my dear !
gimme a u . gimmie . . . oh that is all you need anyway .
thank you , dear ! what else do you do for fun ?
i do like to tend to my animals . keeping them healthy
what animals do you have ? i do not have any .
and on his farm he had some ducks . . . e i e i oh
how old are you ? are you a student ?
persona
i'm a olympian.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i am a weight lifter.
my country is russia.
persona II
i m a cat person.
i ve been divorced for 2 years.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i work at the local bank.
dialogue
what are your plans for today ?
hi ! i am just going to work out and try to beat my bench pr . you ?
you must be really fit . i'm just cuddle with my kitty
do you have one cat only ? i'm a russian olympic athlete
just one cat . i love cats though . oh wow , what sport do you do ?
i lift weights , bench press and squats . where do you live ?
i live in a guesthouse with my grandmother
do you like having family around ?
i do , sometimes . i love my alone time though
i understand . i like to work out alone
were you ever married before ? i was
not yet . my training takes up a lot of time . it is hard to meet people
i am sorry ! that must be very lonely
it is worth it . i am proud to represent russia in the olympics
you should be . i wish my job was more exciting
maybe one day it can be
persona
i believe that mermaids are real.
i am terrified of heights.
i've four sisters.
i love iced tea.
persona II
i like drinking expensive wine.
i own a french bulldog.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i like getting my nails done.
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing
i'm okay , how are you ?
doing good . just enjoying this wonderful day
i am doing the same . i am relaxing with some iced tea .
i'm relaxing with a glass of wine , with my bull dog giving me the stare down
ll ! whats your dogs name ?
peanut , do you have any dogs ?
nope , no pets . i wish i did , but one of my sisters is allergic .
that sucks , so what do you enjoy doing ?
well , i love going swimming in the beach and looking for mermaids .
ll , that is cool . any luck with finding the mermaids ?
not yet , but i know they're out there .
persona
i am ten years old.
i take martial arts after school.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
persona II
i used to be a lawyer.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
my name is albert.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm really good ! what do you do for fun ?
i work a lot not too much time for fun
oh that is unfortunate . well what do you do at work then ?
i work in the federal court sytem i am a judge
woah ! how old are you ! ! ? ?
i am 45 i just worked hard to get here quickly
45 ? wow how old are people generally when they become judges ?
it depends on the court and what law they practiced
is law kind of like martial arts ? you get better with practice ?
yeah each case is so different
so what kind of things do you do at work then ? just punish people ?
no i try to be as fair as possible
i will try to be fair too tomorrow is my first day on safety patrol at school .
cool are you in high school
i am in 4th grade right now .
persona
i'm a librarian in my current job.
i have two cats.
my cats like to be read to.
i like to read books.
persona II
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
my family and i go camping every month.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
dialogue
hi , please tell me that i am chatting with justin seiber . he is my fave .
nope sorry ! just a college librarian .
i have two sons that are simply beautiful any kids ?
i have 3 kids . i also have 2 cats who are like having extra kids !
i'm allergic to cats . i do love go horseback riding in my free time though .
i adore horses . in my spare time i like to read comic books .
i read those sometimes when my family and i go camping once a month .
i went camping at yosemite last year . ever been there ?
yes i loved it . we stayed in yosemite lodge . so beautiful there .
oh me too ! what do you do for a living ?
i sell domain names and take care of my kids . you ?
college librarian and part time weekend cashier .
persona
my favorite singer is kid rock.
i've a master s degree.
i'm a female.
my favorite color is purple.
persona II
my mom is an osteopath.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i'm a cat owner.
i speak fluent italian.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
dialogue
hi , i've a pet horse named unicorn .
hello i am a woman
i see . my cat speaks italian . you have a cat ?
i love all colors especially purple
get out ! me too ! i've two different colored eyes . blue and hazel .
i've an masters degree totally awesome
my mon is a archaeologist and my brother is an osteopath . i sing
i like all music especially kid rock he's like so sexy
omg ! yes he is . you speak italian ?
i totally do not that would be so cool
what about french ? wee no ?
i wish i spoke french sure beautiful
you dance ? are you in the military ?
i love to dance i've moves
you go ! i have a cat . do you ?
especially to some kid rock
persona
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
i only buy convertible cars.
i have created my own personal religion.
i don't celebrate any holidays.
persona II
i'm divorced and looking to date.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i work at an insurance firm.
i am a professional bowler.
dialogue
hello , how are you over there ?
doing good i was just on a ghost hunt and found one . you ?
really , what do you have for the hunted ?
i saw one at my church . i was there finalizing some stuff for the religion i created .
is it also about jesus in the modern world ?
yes it is , but we just do not do any holidays .
but health wise a normal human needs a holiday from work
i just take personal days from work to have off .
you are your own boss , not so ?
no i'm not my own boss . are you ?
am also just employed and can not decide my off
oh we get sick days , so i use those when i want a day off
how many in a year do you get ?
12 a year . so i always spend them with my dogs i have 4
for us we don't have any and sunday is our day off
oh good , just sundays ? what do you do ?
persona
i love comics.
i work from home.
i love reading.
my favorite band is nightfish.
persona II
i am a social butterfly.
i'm in college.
i eat large meals.
i like to swim.
i exercise everyday.
dialogue
i am in college and i am excited to meet you !
hey that's awesome ! nice to meet you too !
i'm a bit of a social butterfly , i get excited talking to people !
i'm more of an introvert i really just love to read at home
to each their own . i'm rarely home .
do you like music ? i'm really into the band night wish right now
i like music . not as much as swimming though .
i do most my work at home so i've a lot of free time do you ?
i have a lot of free time when i am not studying or working out .
that's awesome ! i mainly just read comics
other than reading what do you do with all your free time ?
just work really and listen to music
you really need to get out ! are you married ?
i know ! i'm are you ?
persona
i m bisexual.
i get sad a lot.
i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.
i live with my parents.
persona II
i enjoy ice cream.
my husband just decided to leave me.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
dialogue
hi , i hope your night is going better than mine !
thanks for the well wishes but not good . just got laid off from my job
bummer my husband just told me that he
he what ? it seems we are both in a bad place right now
he's leaving . out of nowhere ! leaving me with all 4 kids and two dogs
oh that's terrible . so sorry to hear that
good thing i just bought a gallon of ice cream , my favorite .
ice cream always helps . i been sad a lot recently so i ate lots
what kind of job were you laid off from ?
accounting . and everyone said it was a stable job too
oh bummer , so unexpected then huh
yeah it sucks . i need a new career . plus i still live with my folks
seems like a career that required a decent amount of schooling too
it did . what did you study or do for work ?
persona
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i do not eat asparagus.
i own 10 cats.
i have long red hair.
i work at home on my computer.
persona II
i once rescued a baby on a highway.
i don t really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
i like playing badminton.
my family owns a dairy farm.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i've a lot of cats  to be exact
that is indeed a lot of cats ! my family has a few dozen cows !
yeah , cows are different . i am allergic to asparagus . and don't eat them
asparagus is yummy especially with vinaigrette dressing
i love blue jello . my fave .
mmm jello potentially the only way i get in my fruit .
what do you like to eat ?
anything that does not involve veggies , or fruit .
yeah i'm the same depending on the fruit .
i pretend to like them it gives my mother piece .
yeah , gotta please mama .
peace and boy is that true . do you play badminton ?
i also work from home . on the computer .
persona
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
i am allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
persona II
winter s my favorite time of the year.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i prefer to live where the weather s cold.
i m really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i m deathly terrified of heights.
dialogue
hey , good morning . is it cold where you are ?
no it is warm here . how is the weather there ?
it is finally getting cooler here in chicago . but i like it that way .
sounds like good hot chocolate weather ? do you like hot chocolate ? i love it .
hot chocolate is my favorite thing to drink while watching game of thrones .
sometimes i watch game of thrones on my iphone 7 .
i'm excited for the ending . i wonder what will happen .
that is great . i love seafood . unfortunately i'm allergic . what is your favorite food .
i love a good meet lovers pizza .
we had that alot growing up . my dad worked 11 hour days and mom was busy .
did your brothers and or sisters take care of you ?
no , my mom did , she used to read me bedtime stories when i saw her .
walmart has a lot of good deals on childrens books .
i will have to check it out . i will read to my children like mom .
persona
i live on a ranch.
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am a cheerleader.
i have black hair.
i am 21 years old.
persona II
i need certain medications to live.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
i skydive frequently.
i have won an olympic medal.
dialogue
hello there ! how are things going ?
hello , i am doing great ! just took a walk . how are you ?
i am doing great ! just finished an exciting day .
that is good . what was exciting ?
i did a couple skydiving jumps . it is quite fun rocking out in free fall .
that is super exciting lol . was it your first time ?
no way i do it a lot , at least when i am feeling well enough .
awesome . that's the only thing i'll never do . i do like the outdoors though .
i was going to say , how was your walk ? anywhere fun ?
just around my neighborhood . i love fall weather . what is your favorite season ?
personally winter is my favorite but that may just be my competitive snowboarding nature .
how long have you been snowboarding for ? i have tried skiing a couple of times .
since i was very little , even won myself an olympic bronze medal .
wow , very impressive you are probably very good then .
i used to be better . anyways do you hike or go camping ?
yes , both actually . just went camping last weekend in ohio .
persona
i hate fast food.
i am an avid fisherman.
i know how to play the guitar.
i like to race go carts.
persona II
my wife and two kids camp with me.
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
i'm a truck driver.
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
i spend my weekends camping.
dialogue
care to chat with a recreational baseball player my fav hobby
just got back from fishing and want to unwind .
camping with my wife and 2 kids is a blast for me every weekend
i'm having a glass of wine , and playing some guitar
that's cool . i'm a baked good delivery truck driver .
yea that sounds like fun , i'm alone right now no relationship .
i deliver pies and pastries in the state where i currently live .
my hobby is to go go cart racing , have you heard of it ?
have you thought about dating ? yes , i love cart racing .
i like to cook and bake as well
small world it is .
no , i think i am in a dating funk
well , it certainly happens sometimes . sorry .
but who knows what might come my way
this is true . one never knows . but be careful .
yea this time around i will be the boss lol
persona
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i have 2 dogs.
i am a runner.
i've red hair.
i like tall men.
persona II
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
i'm a travel agent.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
my parents own a business that i'm now running.
i like fitness.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good morning ! i am awesome . just finished a run with the doggo
that's great i'm in to fitness oo
i also read and am an excellent cook . what else do you do ?
i work as a travel agent
how lovely . i'm a redhead , where should i go that is tropical ?
i am going to barbados soon its one of my favorite places
i like south carolina . i also like the pew
those are nice places to go
i would love to go to tahiti , i am afraid i would burn terribly
you definitely need to bring a lot of sunscreen
do you have a brand that works the best ?
i think there are a few good brands but definitely get a high spf
okay , i'll do that . where else are you going that's your favorite ?
persona
i have appeared on the show jeopardy.
i am a recovering alcoholic.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
i make pottery.
persona II
i am a mother.
i live by a lake.
i love my grandchildren.
i'm a wife.
i own a custom upholstery shop.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hi , am good . what about you ?
good , so what do you do for a living ?
i'm working as a pottery maker . what about you ?
i've a custom upholstery shop , i am also a wife , mother and grandma .
ohh , really ! ! that is awesome ,
yes we love our grandchildren , do you like to swim ?
yes , i like swimming . what is you favorite hobby ?
swimming lol , we live right beside a lake , what kind of hobbies do you like ?
i like to read books , play guitar and play video games
nice ! i like to read too .
do you like to read novel ?
persona
i collect single malt scotch.
during the week i go to college to become a lawyer.
i tend bar on the weekends.
i listen to blues and jazz.
i live in a tiny house to save money.
persona II
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
dialogue
i love watching the clouds in the sky
i love collecting malt scotch ! we are cool .
i stare from a distance to flirt lol
i work in the bar on weekends . i see flirting like that a lot .
do you know jacob sartorius
no ? i know jacob in some of my law classes . not sure his last name .
i love the music he makes
is it blues or jazz ? those are my favorites .
i do sales as occupational job
oh that's nice ! i need to save money . moved into a tiny house to cut expenses .
do you shop at costco ?
yes ! i love a good deal .
that s where i go to save time
i go there to save money !
persona
i can play the piano.
i like to read books about chinese history.
i'm a baseball player.
my dog is called alfred.
my favourite colour is green.
persona II
i like country music.
i play the guitar.
i like to go for runs.
i live by myself.
i have a dog and two cats.
dialogue
hey how are you doing tonight
oh i just finished reading chinese history
wow that sounds interesting . i just learned a song on my guitar
oh that s pretty cool i know how to play the piano
you must be smart and talented . whats your favorite song to play
i play different kinds of music in the piano and i've a dog
i have two cats and a dog .
dogs name is alfred what s yours
mine is named rambo he's a bull dog .
pretty awesome green is my favorite color
i like blue my guitars are blue too
wow i play baseball or used to be a player
i like watching baseball i do run a lot but do not play sports
incest for launch the time
persona
i've a twin sister.
i'm a teacher.
i love chocolate.
persona II
my children are mostly grown.
i live in a small city.
i've a cat named felix and a small terror names emmy.
i like to cook.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
i am doing very well , i am grading my students papers this evening . how are you ?
emmy , felix and i are doing well . waiting for my kids to come home .
that's great ! is felix your pet ? i don't have pets , teaching keeps me very busy .
yes , felix is my cat and emmy is the dog . small town lol
i don't have time for pets right now . teaching is exhausting . thankful for chocolate !
my kids are almost grown , there is no chocolate here !
oh no ! i've to hide mine from my students . i love chocolate ! lol
i do too ! especially godiva .
oh yes ! ferrero rocher is my favorite . my twin detests chocolate . more for me !
i hide mine in the freezer , in an empty peas box .
smart thinking ! i'll remember that if i ever have kids of my own .
persona
i enjoy playing video games.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i'd rather stay up late than get up early.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
persona II
i like tailgate parties.
i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
i have never been on an airplane.
my favorite season is duck hunting season.
dialogue
how are you ? weather is great for hunting ducks
good morning ! it is a bit chilly here , how are you ?
great ! happy its friday . finshed with classes now i can go run my family farm .
that sounds like fun i am the youngest of my siblings . fav foods ?
i like duck and eating foods from my family farm . what about you ?
i like fried chicken and chocolate cake , hobbies ?
i find tailgate parties fun , once my gf eloped with my bff
wow , i am a late night game , who hates the call of the morning .
that sounds fun , have you ever been on a plane ? i've not
i sure have . flown from coast to coast . they aren't bad just cramped
that's cool , hopefully one day to college
i would drive to college if it were me
yea that's a real money saver
yes especially when you have to pay to ship all your belongings if you have a lot
persona
i am single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i am a night owl.
persona II
i work 40 hours a week.
i try to do my job as best as i can.
i am very polite and courteous.
i look forward to eating at restaurants.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing good i'm glad your up since i'm a night owl .
what do you do for a living ?
i make robots . what about you ?
i'm a graphic designer for a small business
nice . . . . i live alone so spend most of my time coming up with robot ideas
what city are you from ?
i live in los angeles . . you
i'm in so cal inland empire
nice there is a great chinese restraint i love to go to when i'm there .
which one would that be ?
mmm i think its called china bowl or something like that .
what city is it in ?
i don't know they all blend together down there . . . lol
do you have any pets ?
no i work too much to have any pets . how about you ?
persona
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i sometimes think i m shallow.
if i want it , i buy it.
my mother is a professional make up artist.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbor s arguments.
persona II
i'm writing a novel.
i don t like pickles.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
my favorite color is black.
i own an iphone.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good , how are you today ?
i am good . i was just writing .
interesting a lot of my neighbors are writers . i live in hollywood .
who all do you know
stephen spielberg , my mom is a makeup artist i sometimes wonder if it makes me shallow .
i don't know . i have never met anyone like you .
i like meeting new people . do you have any pets ?
i don't at this time .
me either . i always wanted a dog but i worry about the commitment .
i like it quiet so i am not sure about pets .
quiet would be nice . i go outside at night and can hear my neighbors arguments .
do you live in an apartment
yes ! i secretly love it probably as much as shopping . i love buying things i want .
persona
my hair is black.
i've a dog.
i like rock climbing.
i am gluten free.
persona II
i play piano.
i have a ten year old son.
i graduated high school in 1986.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i am doing financial business now.
dialogue
hi how are yo doing
hi i'm doing ok how are you
i am good do you like music
yeah i listen to all kinds what kind do you listen to
i actual play the piano
that's hard to learn , you must be talented
yeah i have had a lot of practice
you must really enjoy it i climb rocks in my spare time
do you have any kids
no i'm not ready to have kids , do you have any
one boy i hope he gets into music too
maybe he will how old is he ?
persona
i m single.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
persona II
i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.
my hair is very long.
my mom lives with me.
i hate cooking.
i enjoy video games.
dialogue
hi , i'm just here enjoying some wine , and you ?
i'm alone , without anyone
i ordered take out and enjoying some time by myself .
i took the two computer monitor at work
i have a roommate so when ever i can be alone i love it .
i like iphone better than any phones
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a full time student and i keep hard copies of books
i've one too and i love it , do you have any hobbies ?
watching those movies and shows about super heroes
which shows ? i miss my boyfriend he's in italy
oh , for how long , super heroes
i like video games , do you ?
not really and i had not time for it
he will be there until the end of the year .
oh wow that is a long time to wait
persona
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i do yoga three times a week.
i'm married with 2 kids.
i live in chicago.
persona II
i love cars.
my favorite food is pizza.
i don't like animals.
i like to role play.
i am a morning person.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good , typing while i do my 3rd yoga session of the week . you ?
you can do both at the same time ?
sometimes , i'm trying to stay flexible . what are you doing
what do you do for a living ?
i am a full time volunteer at red cross , you ?
i'm a professional cos player
cos ? cos tco ? whats that stand for ? you play rocket league ?
you ever heard of comic con ?
ohh . . cosplay . sure i'm familiar . any characters i'd know ?
mostly anime and street fighter
i only know a little anime . avatar the last airbender is my jams though
did you watch the legend or kora ?
yeah , i like kora . that spirit world episode when she turns into a kid is deeeeeeep
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i have 2 cats and a dog.
i am married with kids.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i hate running.
persona II
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
dialogue
hi there . hope you are well .
i am busy but well . how about you ?
same . my mom works at the library so i am organizing books .
that's very nice of you . i have two kids and i appreciate it when they help .
i don't have any kids . but would like to one day . i want to be a journalist .
that is a very good goal . what kind of journalist do you want to be ?
crime scene coverage since i am a medium .
i see . i thought sports journalist would be fun . i watch baseball all the time .
not much into sports . i like to read though .
i read sometimes . i work around the house , kids and pets you know .
understandable . i love fantasy books and poetry .
so you read a lot . do you spend time outdoors ?
i try to . i try hiking , but never get far .
ha , neither do i . i walk a lot but i never run .
persona
i like to play video games.
my favorite color is red.
i have purple hair.
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
i've 2 turtles.
persona II
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
since young i ve loved fashion.
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
dialogue
hey how are you darling ?
great just feeding my two pet turtles .
wow are those messy creatures ?
not really , they love pizza . and try to eat my purple hair they are so weird .
purple is very in right now . i live in nyc so i know all the trends
yeah my choices for hair was red , my favorite color , or purple .
i keep hair simple so my clothes can do the expressing
cool i mostly wear video game shirts i love playing video games .
do you get out much ?
yeah when i get bored i play gone with the wind my favorite movie .
i love that movie , it is one of my childhood fashion inspirations
that's cool do you have a myspace account ?
sorry no i don't
on no maybe a facebook then people seem to like that site .
yes that is more popular up here
oh ok i guess , i really like myspace though it will make a comeback .
persona
i like the movie godfather.
i'm not healthy.
i like candy and soda.
i weight 300 pounds.
i am a man.
persona II
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i drive a prius.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
dialogue
hey there how are you ?
hi ! i am doing alright i am not very healthy , but otherwise i am good
really ? why not ? like cookies ?
i love soda and candy . they are too legit to quit .
i love women , especially canadian no clue why lol
hopefully i can find love from a woman . i am over 300 pounds
i like ginger snaps my kids hate them
ginger snaps are pretty great .
oh wow you could not fit in my prius .
probably not . but at least vito corleone cannot judge me
when i'm drunk i piss on roses lol
well that sounds fun ! i spell my name when i pee because i can
lol how old are you ? why you so heavy ?
i am a 29 year old man . and my love for the sweets and the godfather !
lol what is your name ?
i am sam . what is your name ?
persona
i just moved from va to pa.
i love reading.
i grew up on a large farm.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
persona II
i've one sister and a niece and nephew.
i really like cake and don t prefer vegetables.
i m 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i take care of my mother and father.
i m almost finished with my degree.
dialogue
hi there . how are you today ?
hi i'm doing great just got a new house . how are you
oh , congratulations . where do you live ?
pittsburgh now i lived in va on a farm my whole life
i live in ireland . in dublin .
wow the pictures i have seen are beautiful
it is very gorgeous here .
what do you do for fun
i like to run . i stay busy taking care of my parents .
that's nice that you'll help your parents out . i read and make stuff with beads
oh . do you have any siblings ?
no i'm the only child sometimes i wish i had a brother
i just have one sister .
do you like having a sister ?
i do most of the time . she has a couple of kids .
nieces and nephews can be fun to have i have heard
persona
i like to go shopping.
i wanted to be a nurse.
i live in a small town.
i went to college.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
persona II
i am disabled and cannot walk.
i don't eat bread.
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
my friend once bought me a car.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you feeling ?
i'm feeling awesome , i just finished shopping
oh cool , where did you go ?
i went to burlington , macys , and the childrens place
oh , i have trouble going to places like that since i cannot walk . sounds fun though .
i really hope you get better soon , i know how hard it is
actually permanently disabled , but luckily my friend got me a car to help out .
i really hope you get better soon , i know how hard it is
actually permanently disabled , but luckily my friend got me a car to help out .
that's so nice of your friend , i pity for you because i was once you
what do you mean by that ?
meaning i feel sympathy because i got hit by a car one time and i was injured
oh , jeez ! that must have been terrible . you are better now right ?
yes , i am . i am so glad i healed because i have 3 kids to parent
persona
i've two nephews.
i'm a veterinarian.
running is my way to relax.
i grew up on a farm.
persona II
i'm going bald.
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i hate flowers.
i play the piano.
dialogue
hi ! i'm very upset lately . i have started to lose my hair !
its always in the last place you look
they just added some flowers to the garden outside my home . i hate them !
hate ? today i am an uncle , i've a duo of nephews
www that's so sweet . i have no kids .
i have spare cats , i'm a veterinarian , maybe that will do ?
haha sure that sounds funny . oh i saw the funny comedian jimmy fallon yesterday !
haha , no you did not , although jogging that chills me , very relaxing .
actually i was at the store looking at pianos yesterday and he just happened to walk in .
store ? , we has a store near the farm , where i grew up . . .
did that store sell yarn ? i need a lot of that to sew my own clothes .
you know who has clothes ? , my two nephews , i hate my two nephews !
why would you hate them ?
obviously because i work as a veterinarian !
persona
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
my mom is a professional tennis player.
my favorite band is one direction.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
persona II
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i love watching grey s anatomy.
music has always been my number one passion.
i am in high school apart of the school band.
dialogue
hello ! can you tell me about you ?
hello there i love football
i love watching greys anatomy !
what is your favorite food ?
i love school pizza . i am in high school and in band , so cafeteria pizza is delicious .
i love the spaghetti and enchiladas
that is delicious ! whose your best friend ? mine is my mom
there's no way around it we all need each other
music has always been a strong passion of mine . any hobbies ?
i am just really into football right now
do you have a schedule ? i live by a tight schedule .
i've to go to school tommorow
are you in high school ? i am in high school still .
yes i am . i am about to eat dinner .
persona
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
i have a dog named percy.
i like thomas the tank engine.
my cat died.
i like books about trains.
persona II
i am a younger guy.
i own a dog that's small.
i have beard that is longer.
i like to ride my bike.
i like to play football.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
really great . what about you ? what have you done today ?
i'm good . i've been riding my bike , you ?
i've been reading books with my daddy
oh that sounds nice . i wish i was close to my dad .
he just got me a train set . i love him
do you have any pets ? i have one dog .
i used to have a cat but she died . it made me so sad
i am sorry to hear that . my dog is about the size of a cat .
aw i love doggies . my dog is named percy
oh , mine is named penny jean .
that is such a cute name !
my wife named her . not my choice haha .
oooh . do you watch tv ?
yeah , i do sometimes . i enjoy playing football .
i love watching that one about the train . . thomas
persona
i'm a huge fan of baseball.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
i recently made the college baseball team.
persona II
i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i drive a honda that s seen better days.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
dialogue
hello how are you today
great ! ! i just found out that i am going to be playing college baseball
great i am looking forward to reading the most recent political thriller
i enjoy reading . have you heard of mike trout ? he's my favorite player
no i haven't just getting back into reading more often
i just love baseball its my life i'll be playing shortstop
i spend too much time listening to fall out boy record everyday
lol i think we all have our things that we are involved in
baseball is a great sport loved it as a kid
me too and just kept going lol
sounds great are striving for the major league or a minor league ?
yeah but it will take some time for sure .
time and effort is all you need to succeed
yes that's true with most anything is not it ?
yes it is , do you play for a team now ?
my college team not professional
persona
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my grandma is from denmark.
my car is green and smells weird.
my dog s name is toto.
persona II
i am an angry person.
i drive a jag.
i don t have a lot of family members that i like.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am fine just relaxing with my dog named toto
what kind of dog do you have ?
he's a poodle i love him but he makes my green car smell
yea poodles can be stinky !
lol yes mine is how are you today ?
i'm good . what else are you up to today ?
i'm spending time with my granny from denmark today
that is cool . i don't have a lot of family that i get along with .
aww i only love my granny she makes the best meatloaf in the world
grandmothers are good like that . i miss mine .
tell me more about you
i do not drink but i like to hang at bars and just look at the scene .
i do not like to drink as well
persona
i hate winter.
i love hamburgers.
i work as an electrician.
i go running a lot.
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
persona II
i drive a jag.
i'm an angry person.
i'm an old man.
i don t have a lot of family members that i like.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hey i'm doing great how are you
i'm doing okay today . what are your plans ?
i just got my 8 hours of sleep , now getting ready for work . you ?
all done with work , old enough now . am lonely though .
are you retired ? i bet you get your 8 hours rest daily
not all the time but enough sleep i guess .
so what do you enjoy doing
like to just observe life . live in the moment . you ?
well i run often , and i work through the week . boring stuff
what do you love to do ?
that is really it . i do feel strongly about hamburgers
hamburgers ? as in you love them ?
yes i do , do you love any particular food
not really . food is okay . fuel .
well true . so i need to get ready for work i guess
persona
i have only one child.
i like snowboarding.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
i have been in 3 triathlons.
my daughter just graduated college.
persona II
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i like things in organized.
i enjoy a good run.
i'm a stay at home mom.
dialogue
hi , i'm a homemaker , how about you ?
i'm an athlete . i run 2 miles daily for practice . i hate it .
oh i love a good run
well , i have done 3 triathlons and i'd rather go snowboarding .
snowboarding sounds dangerous . that is the mom in me talking
that is what i tell my daughter too . she's an only child , you know .
i've two boys . any hobbies you are currently into ?
now that my daughter graduated college i would like us to travel .
nice . i am a neat freak who loved to cook
i certainly do not have those interest . you can always clean my house .
trust me . i probably would , i love neatness
what else do you like or want to do ?
persona
i work at a factory.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
my favorite city is seattle.
i enjoy jazz music.
persona II
i love animals.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i have an 18 year old son.
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
what is your favorite type of food ?
i like pizza and fried chicken . yours ?
anything without meat since i am a vegetarian
how long have you been a vegetarian ?
since i developed a love for animals
how long ago ? years ? months ?
about ten years and six months
wow , that's a long time . do you work ?
yes i work and volunteer at animal shelters
that is good that you follow your heart .
yes animals are where my heart lies
anything else you like ? i like bicycling .
yes and so does my son
how old is your son ?
he is eighteen and loves to enter bicycling competitions
great ! i should try competing . i ride all the time .
persona
i like to vote.
i work at a hospital.
someday i'd like a truck.
i don t like working long hours.
persona II
i m picky when it comes to food.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
i like early 2000s indie music.
my temper is pretty short.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
wonderful . i am getting ready to go into work
oh nice where do you work ? i'd like to be a teacher someday
i work as a nurse in a hospital . it is tough work
i bet i could never do that i have a temper
haha i do too . but i have to be patient during my 15 hour shifts
oh wow 15 hours that's a lot when do you have time to eat
during my breaks . i wish i had a truck to get to a fast food place though
i do not eat fast food i only like certain foods
what do you like to eat ?
only things cooked in my own kitchen
that is really healthy . i wish i had time to do that
yes it is healthy but it does take a lot of time . . . do you like music
only the good kind . what is your favorite music ?
like like indie music from late 90 to early 2000
what would you say your favorite band is ?
persona
i m always early to everything.
i hope to change the world.
i volunteer in my spare time.
i love to tell jokes.
persona II
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
i draw comic books.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
dialogue
hello how are you what are you doing today ?
hello , i am looking to see which soup kitchen needs volunteers this week .
i love watching the door while they are playing rock .
i love to volunteer , it makes me feel that i am doing something worthwhile .
i draw books while drinking dr pepper
that is cool , i cannot draw . i prefer coke .
i work in a grocery part time
i am a housewife , my husband is a detective .
wow that's cool i wish i am a housewife also
i've a lot of free time to be an activist . it keeps me busy .
what are you fighting for ?
equal rights for minorities , women , etc .
wow sounds good can i join ?
absolutely ! we need all of the help we can get .
how can i contact you ?
you could come over tomorrow night and we can go over everything then .
persona
i am a yoga instructor.
i collect seashells.
i've a son.
i love horses.
persona II
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i have a lot of style.
i love kids.
when i am stressed , i overeat.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
dialogue
hey thow are you today ? like kids
i'm good . love kids , at least most of the time !
lol yea i am a teacher of kingersaten so i gotta lol
i guess so ! i've one kid and teach yoga .
i be over eating i need to come lol
it is a good workout and easy on the body and mind .
i will be there , i enjoy surroundings with my people
it is a good thing to do . motivating as well .
when i stress i over eat damn it
you should go for a walk on the beach instead .
i know with the kids but they cannot swim lol
tell them to collect shells . that is what i like to do !
trustee good thing to think of
have you ever ridden a horse ? i'm all about them .
persona
i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
i drive a honda that s seen better days.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
persona II
i am a pediatrician.
i like to bowl.
i'm a family man.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i'm married with 2 children.
dialogue
hey , i don't have a lot of time to talk today
are you in a rush to do something
i want to spend today with my children .
how many kids do you have
two , i love them . let us go bowling
bowling is fun do you like tv
i don't like tv , you shouldn't either
why do yoy say that
because i know best , really .
do you think you know everything
yes . i'm a doctor for a reason
what kind of doctor are you
a peds . we work with kids
are you less of a know it all around kids
no , they know even less than you do
hopefully you are nicer when you teach them things
persona
i work at walmart as a stocker.
i'm vegan.
my father is a mechanic.
my favorite band is muse.
persona II
i love candy.
i've a crush on my co worker.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am good ! just listening to some muse while browsing the internet
what do you do for a living ?
work for walmart as a stocker . what about you ?
i work at the food store
oh cool ! do you guys have a lot of vegan options ?
yes we sure do lol
that is great ! i just switched from being vegetarian to going vegan
what city are you from ?
i'm from daly city , ca
i am in southern cali myself
nice . what city are you from specifically ?
i am in moreno valley now
that's where my father is from ! he fixed up cars over there
persona
i live in rural wisconsin.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
i like to snowboard.
i like to ride horses.
my favorite food is popcorn.
persona II
i have a farm with pigs , horses and hens.
i love dancing.
i love country music.
i'm a vegan.
i love animals.
dialogue
hey , go vegannnnn please now
hi . any hobbies ? i ride horses and snowboard .
down a farm , so i take care of horses and chickens and pigs
i'm not currently vegan .
you should be , it is great . no killing animals .
i live in a rural part of wisconsin so no vegans around . not many at least .
i like country music how bout you
yes and other genres as well .
do you dance ? ? i like to dance a lot
not much . i'm not good at it .
neither am i but it is fun
i guess . i like to go to football games . my brother plays .
ok cool . do you like ed sheeran , he is so beautiful .
not very much . not my taste .
persona
my parents are divorced.
i am engaged to be married.
i am in a local theater company.
i'm a history buff.
persona II
my grandson s favorite type of cake is chocolate.
i like to bake for them.
i live in a retirement home.
my children vist often.
i am an old woman.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm doing well just lots of high stress at the moment and yourself ?
i am great . my children are visiting today . they visit a lot . why stressed ?
parents just divorced and my wedding is next week
i'm sorry . i bake . you have a woman baking your cake ?
yes i do , everything is ready . . but this has occured . .
what has happened ? i have to leave soon to bake a chocolate cake .
my dad told me he stopped caring for my mother years ago
wow ! how horrible . just stay positive during your wedding . old woman advice .
it will be a struggle but i have to do what i have to do .
you will get through it . eat some chocolate cake . helps my grandson when he is sad .
i can not let it ruin such a precious day .
no you can not . i remember my wedding day like it was yesterday .
ah must be good memories , history is a wonderful thing .
persona
i've visited 12 national parks in the us.
i love to hike.
i also like to mountain bike.
i am an environmental activist.
persona II
i love sweets.
i love bruno mars.
i cs and ds.
i'm in high school.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
hey how you doing ?
doing great . just about to head out to bike on a hiking trial . you ?
out for fall break , listening to music
what kind of music are you jamming out to ?
rap music , just chilling , you ?
not much really . besides getting ready . what do you do for fun ?
listen to bruno mars , i love him
he's great . i visit national parks when i'm bored
that's sounds relaxing , i personally sleep all the time
hey . better get out and take care of the environment . better use of your time
yeah yeah , i am in highschool , guess i'll get to it haha
one day . it takes finding yourself to figure out what is most important
yeah , i guess you right , i am passing in school
congratulations . that is what matters now
yeah my parents still complain cause its c and ds but i work hard
school isn't the only important thing in life . they should understand that
persona
my life s passion is designer french fries.
my favorite band is u2.
i am the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
persona II
i think i m fabulous.
i care about the way i look when i m in public.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i shop online a lot.
i always think people are looking at me.
dialogue
hello . do you care what other people think about you ?
not particularly . i use a bicycle that is hand pedaled every day !
oh gosh . if i were you i'd think everyone is staring at me !
my title is also comical . want to know what it is ?
is it as comical as how often i look at myself in the mirror ? sure !
i work at del taco . my title is senior french fry research analyst .
well that's comical ! is there a lot to research ?
oh , indeed . designer french fries are my life work . they're my passion .
designer fries ? can i find those online ?
no . they're exclusive to the restaurants . what kind of music do you like ?
oh . i like classic rock . what about you ?
i like all kinds . my favorite group would have to be u2 .
u2 is great . i just recently purchased their newest album online .
you must do a lot online .
i shop online for literally everything . got to keep myself looking fabulous !
i see . i am more of the in person type .
persona
i'm married.
i own a cleaning company.
my mother was a teacher.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i enjoy cooking.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i love pandas.
i'm starting a new juicing bar.
i am a vegetarian.
i love to surf.
dialogue
good morning i like pandas and books on the beach you ?
good morning i enjoy making mexican food
what do you do for a living when not making mexican food ?
i own my own company and we clean homes , what do you do ?
that is great i have a juice bar . well , will have .
nice ! that sounds interesting ! my mother used to own one she was a teacher
it will be veggie this bar . did she like it ?
she did like it alot ! are you reading any books right now ?
tolstoy but mostly working on the juice
i love tolstoy ! i think my favorite author is n . sparks
my favorite is tolstoy but dostoevsky is awesome
dostoevsky is wonderful ! are you married ?
married to the sea , otherwise no
i've been happily married for 8 years !
do you think it will stay that way ?
i hope so we love each other alot
persona
i am an insatiable reader.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i live with my parents.
i love to play soccer.
i work as a waitress.
persona II
i swim often.
i love video games.
i run track.
i wear glasses all day.
dialogue
hi how are you today
very busy . i'm taking a short break and must get back to work .
where do you work
i'm a waitress at a restaurant .
oh wow i am still in school
you can be busy too . so do you like to read ?
i do at times . i run and swim more than anything .
cool . i play soccer , but this weekend i'm going to watch a movie .
soccer is fun . what movie are you going to see
i'm going to look for disney movie , maybe an old one .
do you like star wars the new video game is coming out its gonna be great
no video game for me . my parents bug me about it .
i use to get that a lot but made sure they knew i did my responsibilities first .
true . but i prefer reading anyway .
persona
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
i'm an athlete.
i went to the university of north carolina.
i play basketball.
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
persona II
i like watching the walking dead.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
i practice vegetarianism.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like reading a lot.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hi ! i'm great . how about yourself ?
i am doing okay . i might reread harry potter or game of thrones
harry potter is a wonderful series . what do you do for a living ?
i am still in high school . what do you do
i actually play professional basketball for the minnesota wolves
wow that is awesome ! how long have you been playing
i was drafted last year . before i played at the university of north carolina
i am from north carolina !
it is a great state !
yeah it is . what was your major in college
i studied marketing . what do you want to do after high school ?
i am not sure yet i love to read so maybe literature .
that would be fun . what are your hobbies ?
persona
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
i m gay but i'ven t told my parents yet.
i like comic books and anime.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
persona II
i love huge paintings.
i loove zumba.
i love the smell of beans.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i like collecting rocks.
dialogue
hey there like to work out ?
i love to go to the gym and play games
i do to for zumba
what is that like ? i have never heard of it .
i love to smell the coffee at the mall
i like that smell too
like dragon ball z ? i like them all
i do not know what that's
like rocks ? why not collect them they cute
that's a different way to view things
yea it is lol how old are you ?
i am fifteen going on sixteen
oh okay cool , happy sweet 16
thank you i appreciate that
persona
i like to chat with my friends.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to go to the movies.
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to read books that are in a series.
persona II
i'm a older lady.
i love to eat cheese.
i like to cook stews.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ? just finished eating some cheese . yum !
oh cheese is nice i prefer to read books though . you ?
cooking stews and such . i like cooking .
nice do you go to the movies ?
nope . watch spongebob on my couch . to old to go to the movies . you ?
i just hang out with friends and drive around the outback
you from australia then ? that's cool .
no i'm not austrian . i do not even speak german .
oh . i do not speak german either .
that's what they speak in austria . do you read trilogies ?
well , not so much . i like novellas now . get too tired reading .
i think with more coffee you could do it
maybe . do you like trilogies then ?
yes especially with wizards do you work
nope . i retired a while back . do you work ?
sorry i meant to ask if you work hard . i do not . too young .
persona
my mother was a concert pianist.
i have one little girl.
i graduated top of my class.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
persona II
i like to read.
i work at a grocery store.
my favorite color is blue.
i like cupcakes.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? green or blue ?
hi i'm doing ok just got my daughter to sleep . i like blue
that is my fav color too ! what do you do for fun ?
i like to spend time with her i am in medical school so i hardly have spare time
do you have a husband ?
yes he is a banker so he is with my daughter the most
at least he helps you . do you cook bake ?
i bake on occasion its fun . are you married
no , not married . winking at customers at the grocery store register , but nothing yet
ll you will find someone when you least expect it
i hope so , but not with my nose in the books , i know that .
ll i always had my nose in books graduated valedictorian so you can find someone
persona
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
i am looking to start a business.
i'm a big sports fan.
i like to get involved in politics.
i've a brand new chevrolet.
persona II
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am doing well . just watching foxes . are you a fan of our new president ?
yes , i'm . how about you ?
yes , i love talking about politics and being involved .
are you a politician ? or just a person interested in politics ?
just personally interested . i'm looking to go into business for myself .
that is what i'm trying to do , too . what business ?
i like sports so i think running a sports related store .
sounds good . i will be helping in a san diego car dealership two months from now .
really , i just got a new new car , a chevrolet . do you know cars ?
some . i will sure be learning more . my friend owns the dealership .
oh that's great , i really enjoy spending time with friends and family .
persona
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i m never still.
persona II
i am a michigan state trooper.
i have two siberian huskies.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i play guitar.
dialogue
hey there hows it going tonight ?
i am listening to old records . i prefer records because they sound warmer .
sounds relaxing ! i just got off duty . i am a state trooper in michigan .
i am an airplane mechanic whos always on the go
oh man ! so no pets ?
i have a dog that i take for car rides in my ford pinto .
that is cool ! what type of dog ? i have a couple huskies ! too smart for their own good !
i have a doberman . he is lying next to me while i listen to my records
records are awesome , man ! i play music a lot too . guitar mostly .
i have some guitar records . i wish i could play them in my pinto .
you really love that pinto . lol like i love chocolate cake ! extra frosting please !
the pilots of the airplanes i fix also love cake .
do you get free airplane tickets ? lol
no , but i am working on converting my pinto into a personal aircraft
persona
i play quarterback.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
this season , i'll become a playoff quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
persona II
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.
i love her though.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hey i am doing good , just got back from football ! you ?
dressing up is what i'm doing now for the club
which club are you going too ? and do you like football ?
just the one nearby , because my girlfriend don't like me
that'sn't good , i play football in the nfl for the eagles !
because she doesn t understand me , but i still love her
sorry to hear that , where do you live ?
i am saving money for an operation
it is my second year in the nfl .
wow , what position do you play in the team
quarterback ! hoping to play in the playoffs
oh wow , you kust be very very good
i do my best , you got to come to a game sometime !
yeah , i wanna see you play and win
we do not lose you will be in for a treat , what are you up to ?
persona
i m a graduate student studying law.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
persona II
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any hobbies ? i love karaoke !
i'm to busy with law school for hobbies right now
i understand that . i am also a volley ball coach for girls .
do you work at a school or for a team
i work for a school part time .
do you do anything else ?
i like football , crocheting and doing crossword puzzles . i enjoy my time .
that is nice i'm an introvert so do not get you that much
well that gives you plenty of time to study law .
it does i like to stay up late so that helps too
that is is good . i get out when i can especially on friday which is karaoke night .
do you go to that same place or different
i go to the same place . they know my strange allergy to apples .
do you have a group you go with
yes , a large group of us go . we have a lot of fun .
i spend lots of time with my pug dennis
persona
i'm in gymnastics.
i like the beatles.
i work as a scientist.
my parents were scientists.
i am well built and tall.
persona II
i'm an environmental engineer.
i live in portland , maine.
i love to hike.
i live alone.
i like to take photos.
dialogue
nice day to go hiking .
do you enjoy hiking ?
yes i enjoy hiking and i bring my digital camera with me .
i'm a scientist . i wish i had more time for hiking .
oh , environmental engineer by any chance , like me .
chemical . have to carry on the tradition . both parents are scientists .
lot of pressure . i work in portland .
i usually listen to the beatles to help with the pressure .
i do not have anyone living in my house , so i blare music .
same . . . music definitely helps . do you have any hobbies ?
just hiking and photography , you ?
i enjoy gymnastics .
persona
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
i'm a model building enthusiast.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i m originally from london , england.
persona II
my brother thinks he s a viking.
my nails are painted green.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
my master s degree is in italian literature.
i have a pet skunk.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am good , what you up to ?
just finished talking to my brother . guess what he thinks he's . . .
what ? a saber tooth dragon ?
lol , nice . a viking , actually . he wears a helmet with horns and everything
it might be neat to be a viking for a day lol
true . what have you been up to today ?
out camping . i'm an adventurous type
sounds like fun ! been so busy with school , have not had much time for things like that
i go to clear my mind after losing my parents . what school do you attend ?
lewis and clark college in portland
what are you studying to be ?
got my masters in italian lit . do you work or go to school ?
i build models . airplanes , house , cars , shopping centers , etc .
cool . how did you get into that ?
my dad bought me a kit when i was going and i just stuck with it
persona
i like to surf.
i own a german shepard.
i am a mechanic.
i live in california.
i own a corvette.
persona II
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i love to read.
dialogue
whats up ? i am spending my night reading horror novels .
not much watching some surfing on tv
cool ! i like surfing ! i go sometimes after sunday church .
surfing is great , i like to hit the waves whenever i can .
nice ! i try to get a new stephen king book when i can .
outside of surfing and reading . what do you do for a living .
i'm a youth leader at my local christian church .
awesome , where is your church located ?
in my small texas town . do you like movies ?
yes i enjoy movies , wish i was in texas to visit the church .
i love horror movies . i love to be afraid !
i like comedy movies , i love to be happy .
i guess that is why i go to church . to counteract the horror vibes haha .
very funny , i am surprised you'd want to scare yourself .
persona
i drive a ford mustang.
i play drums in a band.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i am 25 years old and live with my parents.
persona II
i got married when i was young.
i moved to america when i was 14.
i like to cook.
my parents don't really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
i have three children.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing okay , how old are you ? i am 25 and still live with my parents haha
i am 36 . what do you do for a living ?
i play drums in my free time with my band , do you drive ?
yes i drive , i also love to cook
i have a ford mustang , do you go to school ?
no i work full time
oh i go to college with my girlfriend
what are you going to school for ?
i'm studying to become a music teacher
what city are you from ?
i'm from boston what about you
i am from arizona . its desert
oh i love the heat and summertime
persona
i'm a vegan.
i've 23 cats at home.
i hate the taste of fish.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i like to paint.
persona II
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
dialogue
hi
i left the grocery store an they had samples for fish sticks ! yuck !
fish sticks are horrible for your health
i know that's why i
any fast food is unhealthy . that's why i am a vegetarian
me too ! i am a vegan lol i cant believe i love cats lol
cats are the best pets !
i know i have 23 ! i pick up 1 every time i travel !
oh my , those are a lot of cats ! you are doing amazing things sweetie
yes i try i paint them all the time when i'm home , whats your favorite meal ?
i love anything that's a salad really
yes me too ! ! ! !
persona
i hope to travel the world one day.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i'm a farmer.
i've two pet dogs.
persona II
my mother was an rn.
i love history.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i love to play softball.
i am a technician.
dialogue
hey dude , you ready for the softball game ?
not really my thing . guess being a farmer limits my interests sometimes .
yeah , i know what you mean . i'm a technician so not a lot of time .
at least we understand each other . just wish i could travel the world though .
yeah , i wish i could travel and do a world tour of famous historical sites
that would be awesome . maybe i could bring my two dogs with me .
what kind of dogs do you have ? did you know calvin collide had 12 dogs ?
pitbulls . i had no idea ! i wonder if he hiked and like photography too .
i'm pretty certain he liked pretty pictures , but not hiking . i have got a thing for history .
oh yeah most people like pretty pictures . so you married man ?
i am actually a woman , but not married . the only man in my life is my dad .
sorry for the mistake ! that is nice he must be a great man .
no worries , he is a drywall finisher . my moms an rn . what about your parents ?
my dad is a farmer and my mom a housewife . pretty awesome parents too .
persona
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
i've two adopted kids.
i'm a yoga instructor.
i love watching old movies.
persona II
i m a photographer.
i love dogs.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
dialogue
hello there ! are you a dog person ? i'm !
i'm ! my 2 children that i have adopted love our dogs .
i have 4 dogs . . . i love to take pictures of them all the time .
4 wow ! do you exercise at all ?
i spend all my time with the dogs , walking , running , playing .
that's awesome ! i teach a yoga class . do you have any hobbies ?
i occasionally drink with friends , and take photos both pro and for fun . you ?
i really like old movies . sometimes i stay up too late ! do you travel ?
my photography work takes me places some times . where have you been ?
not too many places . i really want to go to canada . . . especially quebec .
i took my dogs to florida recently . ever do beach yoga ? looks fun .
i haven't but it does look nice . i live in pa so no beach here .
i've not been to pa recently , but i did shoot a wedding there once .
it is really beautiful . i love the mountains . what is your favorite photo shoot ?
i did a puppy shoot for dog food on a farm ! what type of yoga ?
i teach bikram my favorite .
persona
i need certain medications to live.
i skydive frequently.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
i've won an olympic medal.
i like fast food too much.
persona II
i work for a clothes retailer.
i've one child.
i own two boxer dogs.
i enjoy gardening.
my favorite drink is red wine.
dialogue
hi there ! tell me about yourself
hello ! i'm eating a chicken nuggets from mcdonald right now . i cannot help it . what about you ?
i just got off work from kohls and am enjoying a glass of red wine
oh , so classy in comparison . to relax , i just eat fast food . how do you like work ?
it pays for me and my kid and two boxers to live . . . otherwise meh
the service industry is hard . i used to work at target before i joined the olympics .
what a jump in status , lol .
i even won an olympic medal in speed walking . was not enough retire !
that is so cool
i am 55 , and i can walk crazy fast . you ever like to live dangerously ?
nah , i mostly stick to gardening and letting my boxers keep me safe
are boxers aggressive ?
persona
i play a lot of video games.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i like comic books and anime.
i take things very literally.
persona II
my favorite is rock fish.
i love tuna.
i m going riding on my boat today.
i'm a fisherman.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i just finished playing my video games
oh . sounds fun . i am about to go fishing .
join my free time i draw my favorite cartoon character
oh , that sounds like fun .
yes it is comics in enemy
oh . what is your favorite type of fish ?
and fish as long as you can eat it
mine is rock fish . i also like tuna .
tuna where do you usually get it
from the ocean when i take my boat out .
you do fishing with you siri
do you have any hobbies ?
i just read comics in anyways
persona
i like to arm wrestle.
i'm a cartographer.
i like to make bagels.
i like to paint outdoors.
i used to be a nurse.
persona II
i don t work.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i hate tacos.
i like to swim.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ?
i am great , currently making a batch of bagels .
bagels ? i hate bagels almost as much as i hate tacos
you hate tacos ? get out of here .
tacos are like if sandwiches sucked then you would have a taco
listen , your logic is absurd . i'd arm wrestle you if you were here .
you cannot beat me in arm wrestling ! ! i drink chocolate milk all day
you cannot scare me with your strength ! i am the arm wrestling champ in my town !
best in town ? i am best in country ! !
okay big shot . lets do this .
i will swim across an ocean to beat you
anytime , any place . i will make you a special map with my awesome cartographer skill .
i'll eat that map because it tastes better than tacos
fine , more tacos for me .
persona
i like to play tennis.
i have 2 sisters.
my mother is a dentist.
i'm a baker.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
persona II
i am an author.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight
i am tired from playing tennis . how are you ?
i am getting ready to go for a run , so i can write some tonight .
do you like any other activities ? do you have a favorite show ?
i love mystery movies , they get me in a creative mood .
what do you write ? my 2 sisters and i like to wate silicon valley together .
mainly , steampunk romance . have you read any ?
no . sounds interesting . i do not have much time to read as a baker .
what are your favorite breads ?
i love pastries more than bread . my mom nags me not to eat them .
i love pastries too , and i shouldn't eat them .
mom warns against too many sweets since she's a dentist . do you have family ?
i do , my husband is a detective , we have three kids .
interesting ! why should you not eat pastries ? they're so tasty .
they go straight to my hips , lol
yep . understand . do you dress up in steampunk ? how old are your kids ?
persona
i like snowboarding.
my daughter just graduated college.
i've been in 3 triathlons.
i have only one child.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
persona II
i am eighteen years old.
i received a full scholarship to florida state university.
i just bought my first car.
i just graduated high school with honors.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm great like tony the tiger
sure why not ! i am so excited i just recieved a full scholarship !
nice my daughter finished college
i'm going to florida state ! i guess having honors when graduating helped !
i can not go there i'dn't be able to snow board .
true , but i love hot weather !
i like the cold better
i am an eighteen year old summer girl ! lol
winter for me all day
lol have you had any firsts lately ? mine was buying a car !
my car is so old
what kind do you have ?
i do not know it is all rusty
no fun ! i got an acadia .
i don't even know what that is
persona
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i've 3 children.
i like to run.
i love cheese cake.
persona II
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
i wish i could speak another language.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight ?
good , just got back from a run
nice ! i am not active i spend a lot of time on my computer every day .
that my job too , staring at screen eating cheese cake
i'm so bored with my life . i want to learn another language .
i was thing brushing up on my spanish , where do you live ?
i live in ny . i've been watching movies and tv shows in other languages .
i watch 16 candles ever day
i like watching travel channels to learn about other countries and their traditions .
i mostly watch cartoons with my three kids
i do not have any kids so i do not watch cartoons very often .
do you own a car ?
i do own a car . do you ?
yes , but it sits in the drive way , trying to sell it
persona
i'm the worlds best aunt.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i love trips to the beach.
i am in my last year of grad school.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
my father is a preacher.
i go to church on sunday.
i am a 1st grade teacher.
i have a 3 year old.
dialogue
hi ! sorry for the delay , my year old was crying .
no problem , i have 3 nephews that are always crying !
you would think a first grade teacher would be better at being a parent !
i'm just and aunt , but i feel like my dog is my kid .
pets are basically children . still a blessing . are you religious ?
i consider trips to the beach a religious experience , does that count ?
i wish my sunday church services were at the beach . my dads a preacher
i love cooking big italian meals after church on sunday .
that sounds delicious ! usually our post church meal is whatever i can get my kid to eat !
i might consider having kids of my own when i finish grad school next year .
focusing on wearing my favorite color , purples helped me to graduate . good luck !
i will keep that in mind . thanks for the great advice
persona
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
my favorite band is radiolead.
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
we have two dogs small dogs.
persona II
i love watching funny movies.
i listen to all kinds of music.
my favorite color is green.
i like to play tennis.
dialogue
hey there how are you ? i'm just listening to music to relax
i great , , just got married to my best husband in the world ,
my most fav season is coming an i love green so it just flows .
mine is winter , i like to go run in the snow with my two dogs
awe how sweet ! congrats ! i enjoy tennis alot .
do you have a favorite band
really ? too cold i'll be in doors watching all the funny movies lol
mine is old school , radiated
no i do not , do you ?
yes , i just told you , , matter a fact i got playing the background
cool , when did you marry your husband ?
in a church right by my house . .
persona
i love watching superheroes shows.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
persona II
i learned piano at age 6.
i am a vegan.
i'm a fan of system of a down.
i own 9 guitars.
i'm trying to play in a local band.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight
good ! just finished watching the flash .
i'm watching the bellies twins
i only watch superhero shows , rest of my time is pretty much work .
got ya what do u do for work
tech . i use 2 monitors and have both iphone and samsung . iphone is better .
i love the iphone to
what do you do ? i also read ebooks ! do that between jobs .
i'm a stay at home mom that i bake in my home
that is cool . i work from home , but rarely have time to bake .
i love baking it helps with the stress
i may have to try to fit that in then . how many kids
3 one girl and two boys
i have 1 and 1 . both grown though . miss those young years .
they grow two darn fast
yes they do . i have 5 grands , just not enough time to spend with them .
persona
i am ten years old.
and , my best friend is abigail.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i take martial arts after school.
persona II
i can say the alphabet backwards.
i ve danced since i was two.
i'm a redhead.
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
dialogue
hello , married , redhead , paris , alphabet backwards . you ?
married ? no i am only 10 years old
hmmm . you have to be 18 to be on here . . . . i have red hair . you ?
no but my close friend abigail has red hair . we take martial arts when schools done school
cubs won ! you sing and dance ? i do . bird peck at my eyes .
no but i love safety patrol my first day is tomorrow
i see . chicken wing are our friends . married ? i am .
i love chicken wings so does my best friend abigail
oh okay . i do the backwards alphabets . can you ? i paint . you ?
no i do not paint i only love martial arts like karate
great ! merna jean is my best friend . beard ?
abigail is my friend . i cant have beards in safety patrol school
whew ! i thought i lost you . abigail sing ?
she sings like a bird . you
bird calls . ever been to france ? i have .
i love france and it loves me
persona
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
my major was american literature and education.
i live in a big city.
i just graduated college.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
persona II
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i started taking beauty classes too.
i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
dialogue
! hi time of lot a spend i ! hi i ! hi
hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?
? enjoy you do what . ? makeup about all learning all learning
i like to hike and canoe . i am not as busy after graduating
. . . chat crazy my for apologize i i
yeah this chat is weird ! how old are you ?
i am i in my thirties
cool , i am in my twenties . what kind of work do you do ?
i also take beauty classes . youtube . youtube makeup tutorials . .
oh that is so cool !
what do you do since graduating ?
i work at a restaurant right now , but eventually i would like to teach !
what subject . that's awesome !
thanks ! hopefully i'll be able to teach english
highschool , college , or a second language ? , second language ? ?
elementary school , actually ! i love kids
persona
i'm 26 years old.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i already have 3 children.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
persona II
i love the smell of beans.
i loove zumba.
i love huge paintings.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i like collecting rocks.
dialogue
hello , how is it going
i am fine thank you how are you doing ?
i just got done doing zumba i love it
that sounds like a great work out .
i really love super big paintings
cool i'm at the age of 26 now am i getting old l . o . l .
i can be weird at time i really like the way beans smell
that's funny i found out i'll be birthing twins nice huh .
i like to collect things such as dragon ball z figures and rocks
different cool i've already brought three kids here .
its a great night out i love the night air
yes nature is beautiful i love the trees .
my dog will not stop barking
i will have to rest for up to 5 months terrible .
i think he sees something outside i don't know
maybe a stranger is walking by .
persona
i like watching videos of surgery.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
persona II
i collect little figurines.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello i am fine and how are you
i am good do you work
i am in school to be a doctor love watching surgery videos
that sounds great do you like food
i totally love ice cream pistachio is my favorite and yours
i love subs very much
nice do you have any hobbies
i go to antique shops a lot
i have a thing for edged weapons and music especially britney spears love her
wow that's cool do you like coffee
its cool it will make go if you know what i mean sorry
yeah i know what you mean
indeed where are you from
america and how about you
same i want to travel though
persona
i like to go to the movies.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
persona II
i am a college student.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
my major is in business administration.
i work at a daycare.
i've been in a relationship for 2 years.
dialogue
hello there , i'm a college student .
hello , i just got done walking my dogs , chihuahua and pit bull
nice nice , i've wanted to get pets with my girlfriend of two years .
cool . i am exhausted . we walked for 2 plus miles .
that's a long walk , the hardest thing i did was take business class administration classes today
you should treat yourself to a movie . i love going to the movies .
i don't go out much since i also work at the daycare .
i once worked 3 jobs at one time
that is rough , my parents are a dentist and a teacher .
cool . after we chat i'm gonna go work on my ford mustang .
cool , i would love to go for a ride .
maybe sometime then .
good good , i look forward to it .
cool .
persona
i had a gig at local theater last night.
i come from a small town.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i work as a stand up comedian.
persona II
i make straight as.
i am a high school student.
i am very social.
i am in the band.
dialogue
i , how old are you ? i'm 17 and am a student in high school .
hey , 23 . did you enjoy the comedy show ? my set went well
yea , it was good ! i play guitar in a band , you should come hear .
we are at that local theatre a lot . good venue . try it out
that is cool . i am pretty social , so i will check it out .
where are you from ? i am from a small town with no work for a comedian
louisiana and i'm a straight a student too .
cool . ever aspire to be an actor ? i've done some tv work
just trying to make my band work . not into acting .
what instrument do you play ?
guitar . but it is starting to cut into my grades .
you have lots of time to jam , focus on school .
word . got to make that a grade .
i am thirsty , i am going to grab a cuba libre my fave . study hard !
persona
i like to swim.
i'm blue and tall.
i work for the navy.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i like to read.
persona II
i don't have a job.
i'm a couch potato.
i love the walking dead.
i eat junk food.
i love comics.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing good , just watching the voice . it is my favorite . you ?
i love game of thrones
yeah i really enjoyed the books . i prefer reading .
what do you do for a living ?
i am in the navy . it helps that i love swimming . and you ?
i am not working right now
oh , well if you need a job , the navy is looking for you .
do you ever get sea sick ?
well sometimes , my face turns blue . but you cannot tell because my skin is blue .
do you have any hobbies ?
other than swimming , i enjoy basketball because i'm pretty tall .
persona
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
i am a writer.
i don t like the beach.
zebras are my favorite animals.
persona II
i donate any overstock to charity.
i am a couponer.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i love to save money.
dialogue
hi there , how are you tonight ? what do you do for fun ?
hi ! i'm well . i like to brainstorm ideas to flesh out into stories .
cool ! i am a bargain hunter . discounts and coupons are my life !
that sounds like fun . do you come across things from africa often ? i like exotic animals .
not really . i donate to charities , but i've not traveled much .
interesting . i travel a lot . i'm not much for oceans though . too much sand .
traveling sounds fun , but i like to save money too !
saving money is important . when hollywood discovers me i won't worry about that .
would you say that you are an organized or messy person in general ?
i tend to be organized in my work , but cluttered at home .
i would say i'm very organized at home and at work . do you enjoy shopping ?
i do enjoy shopping . what is your favorite animal ?
the ostrich . what is yours ?
i like animals with stripes . mostly four legged and striped . can you guess ?
a zebra ? that would go with your africa question !
nope ! a liger ! just kidding , you are right .
persona
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i do not have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i try to limit how much i eat.
i hate paying my bills.
i whine a lot.
persona II
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? where are you ?
i'm just sitting at home with my puppy
well what do you know , hotdogs are my favorite snack .
you are mean you shouldn't say that
actually i was wordplaying with you . birdwatchers are never mean spirited .
what kind of birds do you watch ?
what kind of puppy do you have . ? . . la la
my puppy is a golden retriever
beautiful , kind , loving , protective , loyal . . . . waterlovers ! and . . . osprey
oh those are very pretty birds
yes and powerful . what do you do to earn money ?
i actually don't have a job right now
hell or happiness . . . i am a librarian . i've read all the horror novels , and blog reviews . . .
wow you must really like horror
yes , for my niche marketing plan . but classics are classic for a reason . . . you ?
i do not really do much for fun i just sit on the couch
persona
my family came from greece in the 1950s.
i have very curly hair.
i love to draw.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i am a very tall woman.
persona II
i've more then 10 tattoos.
i am in a motorcycle club.
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i've never lost a fight.
i'm a grown woman.
dialogue
hello , i've 10 tattoos . do you have any ?
i've 3 of them . but apparently , that's a turn off for some men .
i love em . i am also in a motorcycle club . . is that going to be a problem ?
no . i like to cook , and make drawings . can i draw you ?
sure , you like movies ? you ever seen the titanic ?
i have a couple times . i have hair like rose , curly , but dark .
what color ? also i am a fighter . . but i have never lost
brown . do you want to fight me ? if you lose , we will get married .
i'd afraid of commitment , and no . . i won't lose
wow . . so you do not want to marry me ?
whoa easy . i never said never . its just . . that i am a grown woman
oh . you do not want a tall greek bride ?
you said you like movies . you ever see that greek wedding movie ?
yes , i love it . do you ?
i love that movie . . whats it called the wedding singer ? classic cinema
my big fat greek wedding
persona
i think food trucks are awesome.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i'm quiet but confident.
persona II
my children vist often.
i like to bake for them.
my grandson s favorite type of cake is chocolate.
i am an old woman.
i live in a retirement home.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
i am doing great how are you
i'm hanging in there
that's good . what do you do for a living
i am retired , i spend my days baking for my grandchildren
that's nice grandchildren are a joy to have around .
do you have grandchildren ?
no i don't i don't even have kids
how old are you ?
i am in my 20s my brother has a son .
o okay you are very young
our mom and dad died when i was 10 so my brother took care of me
seriously , sorry to hear that , wow how old is your brother
he was 17 but he did great that is what makes him a great dad
persona
until then i will make 215 an hour.
i make and me by waiting tables.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
persona II
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
my favorite band is radiohead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
i am married to my wonderful husband.
i'm a woman.
dialogue
hello how is your day ?
hi ! i am doing okay . you ?
i'm good . what do you do for a living ?
i wait tables at an italian restaurant .
i'm a marketing consultant . do you have any hobbies ?
i want to be a doctor one day .
are you studying for that right now ?
i plan to start school again next fall .
are you into animals ? i have two small dogs and they are my world .
i love dogs too . i only have one .
are you married ? my wonderful husband and i've been married for six years .
no i am single . i am talking to this guy though .
what other stuff are you into i love music
i enjoy reading when i've time .
i do not like riding unless i've to
it helps me get away .
persona
i like fitness.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my parents own a business that i m now running.
i am a travel agent.
persona II
i am touring with frank ocean.
i drive a ferrari.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i am a rapper.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i'm good , and how are you ?
i am good . tired since i am on tour with frank ocean
you know him ? i travel a lot !
yes i do . i travel too since i am on tour as a rapper
what is your rapper name ?
i prefer to keep that to myself . i live incognito in japan
i am sorry if i have offended you !
oh no worries ! what do you like to do besides travel ?
well , i watch movies , listen to music , etc . i own my parents company now so
that must be a lot of work
well , i get to go to barbados for free ! o also love jamaica !
nice . have you been to japan ? i've the largest home there
no , how big is your home ? what does it have ?
it has a huge garage with a ferrari in it
that sounds really really cool !
persona
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i live in celebration , florida.
i enjoy shopping.
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
persona II
my best friend lives in a big city.
i work at a grocery store.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
dialogue
i've a best friend in a big city
that's nice . do you live in a city too ?
i'm employed at supermarket
i live in a town called celebration it is in florida .
i live in the suburbs , where my mom grows vegetables in her garden
nice ! i love to shop and blog . i blog about everything !
she works for the school as a social worker
that is good . what do you like to do ?
my friend lives new york , i try to visit a few times a year
ok . you are not really answering any of my questions .
i just work and go out to clubs
ok . well i was a cheerleader in high school .
how long ago were you in high school
about 5 years ago now . i wish i could go back .
i have been out for 27 years
so it has been a long time for you .
persona
i don't have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i am in 3rd grade.
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asteria.
persona II
my favorite show is tom and jerry.
my name is jovannie and i am 19.
i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.
i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.
i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
dialogue
hi how did your day go today ?
well , okay . i do not have many friends yet since moving to the us .
i see i'm jovannie and i'm 19 years old . we can be friends
sure . i'm from france and in 3rd grade . i've not met many other girls here .
where do you stay ? i live close to miley cyrus and pnb rock
wow ! i live with my little brother and parents . but i am going to summer camp .
we can go eat barbeque and pizzas together . i love it so much
yummy ! then we can play soccer , i like that and drawing and reading asteria .
that will be great . i love hanging out with new friends .
i moved here ago , so maybe i'll make more friends in soccer this fall .
oh great . whats your favorite tv show ?
teen wolf , which is over now and dr . who ? how about you ?
tom and jerry and i am watching it right now
ll . now that's my favorite type of 19 year old . we will be friends .
great . lets catch up probably next week
ca not wait to talk again . thank you for being my friend , jovannie .
persona
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i ve broken my arm twice.
my parents were divorced.
i am a widow.
persona II
my dog is called alfred.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
i am a baseball player.
i can play the piano.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ? i just came in from walking alfred .
i'm good and how are you ?
very well , just about ready to sit down and play the piano .
nice do you play often ?
almost nightly . it is a nice change from baseball .
what is wrong with baseball ?
nothing , i play . it does get old at times . i would rather read .
what do you like to read ?
currently , i've an interest in chinese history .
that does sound nice i love sesame chicken
that sounds nice . do you make your own ?
i do i have to do all the cooking
i do not cook that much .
i have to since my husband passed
i am so sorry . has he been gone long ?
yes and then i broke my arms
persona
i look forward to retiring.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i am a humble baker.
persona II
i work on a farm.
i was born in kansas.
i love chickens.
i eat eggs for breakfast.
i know how to drive a truck.
dialogue
how do you like your eggs cooked ?
in a cake , preferably ! haha . how about you ?
breakfast i need them scrambled like this morning
oh i cannot wait to retire and have time for breakfast .
i need a hearty breakfast to work this chicken farm
i'm just a baker . i sneak a couple bites here and there .
raised and born in great farm state of kansas
sounds idyllic . any kids ?
yes , that is why i farm instead of driver big rig now
i want to retire from baking soon and spend time with my beautiful wife and kids .
that would be nice for you too do that .
she's great . always puts a smile on my face .
persona
i just turned 77.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
i'm a retired computer programmer.
i love animals.
persona II
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i live in a house with a yard.
i am a mom with two sons and a husband.
since my dog died i'm incomplete.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
dialogue
what inspires you to wake up each day ?
my grandson , granddaughter , and my love for animals . u ?
that's nice . my two sons and husband really make my world so bright !
that's lovely ! i just celebrated my 77th birthday today !
wow , lucky number ! happy birthday to you !
ty ! do you have any hobbies you enjoy ?
i enjoy creating things with my hands . . . art , jewelry , knitted stockings
artistic kind ! i spend my time watching british shows and movies . i love them
i am . . . creating things that make people happy also makes me happy !
that's so nice ! what do you do for work ?
i try to sell my handmade items at the fair !
do u make a good living ? i retired from computer programming .
i make enough to help buy groceries and so forth . how did you like that job ?
honestly it was boring ! yours sounds so much more intriguing
it helps fill my time when the boys are at school . . . and now that muffin died . . .
oh muffin was your pet ? my twin grandchildren have a cat named that .
persona
i like alternative rock.
i work in a craft store.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i love to crochet.
i own a hearse.
persona II
i got hired as a security guard.
i simply walk around when i haven'thing to do.
i've high speed internet.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i can beat anyone in chess.
dialogue
hello , i'm in security what do you do ?
i work at a craft store
cool , any hobbies ? i am great at chess .
i like to crochet things a lot
nice can you make baby booties ? ll
i could but i would have to deliver it in my hearse .
interesting . you drive a hearse
yeah its my only care
well at least its transportation
but it spooks everyone away
ll i'm quite sure it does
i listen to alt rock in my hearse too
i could just imagine that
do you like some music ?
i love all music . . . from rock to jazz
very nice . whats your favorite holiday
persona
i play the drums.
i m the oldest of three boys.
i work at the pizza parlor.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
persona II
i like to create websites.
i really enjoy reading the news.
i wish i could play the stock market well.
i love new technology.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
worked long hours today , i cannot twirl any more dough tonight .
i understand the feeling . i create websites what do you do
that pizza parlor on the corner , we make the best pizza in chicago .
i see what you mean when you say twirl dough
couldn't pick up the drumsticks tonight no matter how much i wanted to .
they need to make some sort of automation for that i love technology
my younger brothers both work in fancy offices . just like you ?
i wish i could work the stock market but i cant play it well
you play any instruments at all ? i can teach you the drums .
that would be awesome i play guitar . play guitar and read the news
you should hit the loop . lot of band opportunity there .
good money in it ? i love finding ways to make it
sure , just take the l straight and woo wap da bam you there .
see i have been doing the woo wap bam bam i have not been doing it right
doesn't hurt nothing . what else you up to ?
persona
i am a woman.
my favorite band is radiohead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
persona II
i'm a cartographer.
i like to arm wrestle.
i used to be a nurse.
i like to paint outdoors.
dialogue
hi ! what are you doing ?
hi there i'm just playing with my 2 pups right now . you ?
working out . i need to stay strong
oh , neat . what do you do for a living ? i run a small marketing consulting agency .
i make maps for a living . i miss nursing
wow , i have never met a cartographer before . do you enjoy it ?
i do enjoy it . i prefer to be outside painting
i like the arts too . i'm a pretty big radiohead fan . do you like any bands ?
i pretty much like everything . not picky
oh , ok . do you have any pets ?
i have 3 cats . they watch me practice arm wrestling
your cats sound like fun . how often do you work out ?
about two times a day . i've to stay strong
why do you have to stay strong ?
to arm wrestle . i like to beat everyone
are you a competitive arm wrestler , then ?
persona
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i'm an insatiable reader.
i work as a waitress.
i love to play soccer.
i live with my parents.
persona II
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
i like having fried fish for supper.
i'm allergic to lactose.
i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
dialogue
hi . i'm just preparing some fried fish for dinner . whats up ?
do you watch disney movies ? i love them , especially new beauty the beast
i do occasionally . i try to avoid sad movies i got some bad news this week . . .
oh no , what happened this week ?
my doctor said i only have 6 months left to live .
that's some messed up news . why is that ?
turns out , i've a really severe lactose allergy . it has done incredible damage .
and an allergy is now a death sentence ?
i suppose . i am sorry . . . i am terrible at normal conversation !
me 2 , i love reading instead of talking myself
i like to cook keeps my mind off of things ,
i don't cook , get enough of that while waitressing , i play soccer
ah , a busy person ! that's awesome though . soccer is fun to watch .
and its fun to play too
persona
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i collect little figurines.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i have a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
persona II
i like wide , open spaces.
i've 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i am active on my city council.
dialogue
hey there ! are you into community service ?
yes i take my cat to the retirement home on the weekends
that is nice . i serve on my city council .
that is awesome when i can i go antiquing how bout u ?
hiking . i really like the outdoors and open spaces .
i can't hike but i do try eat healthier at subway
subway ? i prefer only locally sourced food .
its next to my work so its easier then sanctioned
cool . i keep a garden at home . i live on 5 acres .
i am guilty of starbucks as well plus my baby brother works there
you are way too urban ! did you know i own 10 alpacas ?
no but my grandfather raises wagyu
oh cool . i love farm animals !
was not always urban but dad died so i came back to help mom
sorry to hear that ! you are ok ?
yeah just hard putting my figurines from childhood in boxes
persona
i'm dumpy.
like a skeleton.
i cannot eat shrimp.
i have long legs.
persona II
i cannot drive.
i am on a diet.
i am thirty two years old.
i've been married eight years.
i'm a house wife.
dialogue
hi , i am moira . who am i speaking to ?
i am tara . i am really thin , almost like a skeleton .
oh my . are you alright ? i have been dieting but i have not lost that much weight .
i try and eat but food allergies . i am allergic to shrimp .
me too , actually . my husband loves shrimp though . how old are you ?
i am 43 with long legs !
i'm 32 with short legs
being so tall makes me feel like a dump .
i'm sorry . . i think tall people look beautiful . i married one
that is so nice ! my husband is tall too !
i am sure he appreciates your height . how long have you been married ?
we got married in 2010 . he's a pain but i love him .
persona
i am married.
i have a toddler.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
persona II
my favorite song is california love.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
my car is black.
i drive a fast car.
i like to listen to rap music.
dialogue
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
it went quite well , i got to spend time with my husband . how about yours ?
we had a big party this weekend
i miss going to parties ! after the birth of my toddler , i don't really go out anymore .
where are you from now ? ?
reading , pennsylvania the birthplace of my favorite pop country star taylor swift ! do you like music ?
i am from memphis . . i like . .
are you married or do you have any kids , like i do ?
not yet . . how about you ? ?
married for 5 years , with only one child !
what kind of music u like
country , pop , and female vocalists
persona
i work as a construction worker during the summers.
my favourite food is ice cream.
i am a college student.
persona II
i do not know how to swim.
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
dialogue
hi how are you
hi , i'm doing very well , how are you ? tell me about yourself !
i'm kind of young and love hearing war stories from my granddad
oh , that is great . i'm going to university now !
that is great what are you studying
i'm a business major and i work construction during summertime
construction is hard work you must be strong
well , not to boast , but yes ! do you like cooking ?
sometimes i tend to bake a lot . what kind of food do you like to eat
i love ice cream , its my all time favorite , i make it too !
that's cool making it from home makes it more enjoyable at times .
yes , i can make different flavors that i like !
i'm a meat and potatoes kind of person steak is what i eat the most
oh , yes give me a good prime rib any day of the week !
persona
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
i am a personal chef.
i love creating new recipes.
my favorite color is hunter green.
persona II
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
i have a very tone body.
dialogue
hello there . how are you this evening ?
i am doing okay . just sat here creating some new recipes
oh , do you enjoy cooking ? my wife is always trying new recipes too .
yes ! i am currently a personal chef , but would love to open a restaurant one day
cool . what kind of a restaurant would you like it to be ?
various types of cuisine . i imagine painting the walls in a hunter green . my favorite color
that sounds nice . maybe someday my family could eat at your restaurant .
i would love that . what do you enjoy ?
my tastes in food are quite varied . as are my tastes in video games .
what video games do you play ?
many different ones . my collection ranges from call of duty to farming simulator .
sounds fun . i do not really play video games , but it sounds fun
yes , i quite like gaming . what other things do you enjoy ?
mainly just cooking ! i really need to expand my horizons
oh , i think it is good that you have something you are passionate about .
me too ! you have anything you are passionate about other than games ?
persona
i am very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i don't eat well.
i work in a factory.
i sleep most of the day.
i am not social.
persona II
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
my favorite band is one direction.
i love to hike in the summer.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
okay i guess , just waking up and rushing to work , no time to eat .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a line man in a factory out side of nyc ,
so do you like your work ?
it is the only thing i like in my life . what do you do ?
i'm an artist have a studio in colorado .
i forgot to make lunch , an apple and brownie it is .
put some cheese in some bread .
i don't like cheese or asking the deli for help .
get that . to each their own .
i don't like talking to people , i sleep all day and work all night .
yeah and that's okay . too . you can always listen .
i guess , yes , that sounds oaky
people really need good listeners as well as talkers .
i don't know how to act when listening , it is awkward
you just mirror the person you are listening too that works .
i guess i can try that .
persona
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i am a zookeeper.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
i work with my wife.
persona II
my favorite animal is the koala.
i don t like beer.
i work part time.
i live with a roommate.
dialogue
hey my new friend anyway how how are you today
i am doing wonderfully ! how are you ?
going to the zoo and just getting ready for work and you ?
well , it is funny that you should say that . i work as a zookeeper
well i like the zoo my roommate kept me up
i love it there too . work with my wife and have been doing it a while
well wish she would get help she needed
what kind of help are you referring to ?
her drinking i just get tired got to wake up and go to work
oh wow . that sounds rough . sorry to hear that
well hope you sleep well my friend and thanks
sure . thank you too my friend
well i do got to get some sleep money is always nice
money and sleep are hard to come by sometimes
should come to zoo with me
you might come and see me at work sometime .
persona
welding is my career field.
i am a guitar player.
i'm primarily a meat eater.
my parents do not know i am gay.
persona II
i love dogs.
i'm a happy person.
i love to cook.
i like to fish.
my dad was a carsalesman.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i am good . thank you . i just got done playing guitar . how are you ?
nice ! that's as awesome hobby . i'm great ; always a happy person !
awesome ! what are you upto tonight ?
i am cooking fish i caught today . do you cook ?
yea , other than playing my guitar i love to cook too !
my father taught me to cook . he was a car salesman .
cool ! i took a lot of guitar lesson to learn how to play a guitar .
do you have any pets ?
i have a pitbull . what about you ?
i do not have a pit bull , but i love all dogs !
dogs are so adorable . all of them !
how long have you had your pit bull
he is my second pitbull . i've had one in the last 11 years .
what did you name your pit bull ?
his name is bandit . do you have any pets ?
persona
i m allergic to shellfish.
i love going to concerts and dancing hard.
my favorite food is cheese.
i work at a non profit that helps children.
persona II
i like potatoes.
i work in accounting.
i've two dogs.
i lease my car.
dialogue
hello how are you today or night ?
hi i am doing great how are you
i just leased me a new hummer so i am happy
that's great ! what do you do for a living
accounting for montgomery public schools . how bout you
i work for operation blessing and help kids
ok cool . that sounds great . do they like dogs
i love dogs but do not have any pets
i have two that i'm giving to the vet .
why are you getting rid of them
i'm leaving here so they need a home .
oh i'm sorry . what do you do for fun
for fun i plant vegetables . i am pulling potatoes up now
that must make the store less expensive . i go to concerts and dance
well sorry to stop you but i must run . talk later ok
ok have a nice night
persona
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
my favorite movie is good burger.
i like canning and whittling.
i eat exclusively meat.
persona II
i'm a marathon runner.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i prefer morning to night.
i prefer winter over fall.
i like to swim.
dialogue
swimming in the warm waters in florida is my favorite hobby
florida is nice . i ran there once and got 6th place in the 100 meter dash
after i swim i run marathons for fun
i like to run and chase cheetahs at the zoo . what is your favorite food ?
that's awesome , i like running in the morning instead of night
sounds nice . i only eat meat even though i enjoy canning
apples i like apples over any other food
yum ! even my favorite food is in the title of my favorite movie . . . good burger
winter is my favorite season , i do not like the fall season
where do you live ? i live near the zoo
i like apples on my burger , what do you like on yours
i like bacon on my burgers , i love meat
in florida , it is much like a zoo sometimes
indeed . i bet there are cheetahs at zoos there that i could chase
awe yes bacon , bacon and apples so good
that's why i have to stay in shape , i eat a lot of meat
persona
i'm in debt.
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
i'm single.
i have a lot of friends.
persona II
i am close to both of my brothers.
i like to read true crime novels.
i've two dogs.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i travel every year to disney world.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am pretty good , just went for a drive in my bmw to do some shopping .
sounds like fun , i wish i could afford a bmw !
me too . ll . . . i think i need to trim back on my bills somehow .
ll , my expenses are fine . the problem is i need more money for something like that
yeah . i think i am a shopaholic , though . maybe that is why i am still single
at this point in my life , i would rather have a nice car than a family haha
well i surround myself with lots of friends , so i guess that is like having a family .
same here , that is what is holding me over until i'm ready for one
what kind of car do you drive ?
i've a nissan sentry , its 7 years old
do you like to go out and shop too ?
persona
i married my high school sweetheart.
i don't eat healthy.
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
persona II
i have created my own personal religion.
i don't celebrate any holidays.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
dialogue
hello . how are you this nice friday ?
i'm fine and you let us get to know each other a little .
i own 4 german shepherds and love ghosts
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .
nice . i've created my own religion called ghost ville
great talent i got married to my schools sweet heart .
oh wow how long did that take
forever l . o . l . i need to drink soda all the time .
soda is very nasty . why that ?
i do not know just like the strong taste .
stronge taste ? ew that is very nasty nasty
i sometimes don't eat very healthy foods .
why do you not do that ?
i just like a lot of junk food i will eat salad and tuna though .
actually i hate salad and tuna
what is your favorite food ?
persona
i only eat locally sourced food.
i like wide , open spaces.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i'm active on my city council.
i have 10 alpacas.
persona II
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i like lightning mcqueen.
i like to play basketball.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
i have a cat named mater.
dialogue
hi i am bobby ! i am 10 , how old are you ?
hi , i am abby . i am 44
hi abby ! do you like ice cream ?
yes , i do like ice cream . sometimes i make my own ice cream at home .
wow , that's so cool ! what flavors ? i get ice cream with my grandpa from soops
that sounds fun ! i usually eat vanilla ice cream with fresh berries from my garden .
yum ! do you like to cook alot ? it sounds like you do
i cook often , because i prefer eating locally sourced food instead of processed foods .
cool ! i make pizza with my grandma , is that locally sourced ?
it depends on where you get the ingredients for the pizza .
i think just from the store .
usually the local farmers market is a great place to find locally sourced veggies and other foods !
i'll have to tell my grandma to take me there !
i'm sure she would be happy to
have you seen the movie cars ? i love the character lightning mcqueen
i've not seen that one . what is lightning mcqueen like ?
persona
i m 53 years old.
i'm obese.
i have twelve kids.
i live in alabama.
persona II
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
i always wear something purple.
i work in fast food.
i walk three miles home every night.
my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.
dialogue
do you know of anywhere around here that teaches krav maga ?
i am in alabama , we dd not have anything like that .
i'm in alabama as well
i'm fifty three with 12 children , we live on a farm .
i live in north alabama . they call me purple man at work
i don't have friends , maybe because i am obese . what are your hobbies ?
i play mortal kombat . and i walk three miles to work everyday
you must be very thin . my kids play mortal kombat .
not so thin i work at a quick service restaurant
what do they server there ? i'm hungry .
burgers , milk shakes , fries , chicken sandwiches , fish sandwiches
all my favorites ! i am making burgers for all my kids for lunch .
cool . well if i find a krav maga class maybe you should come with
i should try . let me know when you find one .
ok well got to go . have a great day
my kids make me go crazy everyday . maybe i should send them to their dad
persona
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
persona II
i like to garden.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i've three children.
i'm a teacher.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hello my name is hanna whats yours ?
i teach at a high school since graduating college .
oh that is cool , have you had to take away a kids cell phone ?
i love my children , even though three of them can be a hassle .
i do not have kids yet , but i have three sisters
we are currently living in the suburbs in a major city .
earlier today i got some new sneakers in a major city !
during my free time i enjoy gardening .
oh only sleep in my free time !
sleep would be nice if i had the time haha !
i often sleep in my ergonomic chair !
i prefer to sleep in a big bed .
i am too poor for a bed , i've only hand me down furniture
couches are also nice to sleep on sometimes .
mine smells of urine
persona
i work in a factory.
i am always early to everything.
i love to tell jokes.
i hope to change the world.
i volunteer in my spare time.
persona II
i have a cat named felix and a small terror names emmy.
i like gardening.
my children are mostly grown.
i like to cook.
i live in a small city.
dialogue
i am just hanging with felix and emmy . my terrier and cat .
awesome . i am home from my factory job
i don't work , stay at home mom . though my kids are almost grown .
ahh well you should come volunteer with me .
what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
domestic violence shelter . i'd love for the world to change for better
i love to cook maybe that would help ?
yea . that awesome . i try to help with my sense of humor . lift them up
i also garden . that could help keep their minds off things too .
great . but usually i've to get that early to set up and stuff
what else do you do ?
i am also a comedian . sometimes i do stand up
that would make me very nervous .
you should come . its so fun to do ? what about you
there's a no one i know in my small town .
small towns are good for raising children and always a cool community
persona
i don t like being asked a lot of questions.
i've a shopping addiction.
i don t like when people get too close to me.
i think about food a lot.
i love the forest.
persona II
my wife is a college professor.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i have one little girl.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
dialogue
hi . do you have any kids ?
yes and i don't like taking them shopping . just millions of questions
ha . my little girl is too young to enjoy shopping .
i love shopping but hate all of the questions . can i have this or that ?
my little girl just said her first word . no annoying questions yet .
people getting close and bumping into me but all i can think about it food
she loves to listen to my mom play the piano professionally .
just wait , it will happen . later comes the shopping addiction like i have
i love to eat . not much time for it though . i'm a surgeon .
i play piano and several instruments . i'm a cook so always thinking about food
thank goodness my wife hates to shop . she's more at home teaching .
your lucky . some shopping addictions like mine cost a fortune
can you cook me dinner . my wife is always working , teaching college kids .
oh there you go asking questions just like my kids . want a pizza with that ?
yes please . i am starving after working all day .
you should think about food all the time like me . it will make you learn to cook
persona
i'm in school.
i work 2 jobs.
i'm married.
i love the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i hate to lose.
my father died when i was 2.
my favorite season is spring.
i love fishing.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hey do you have a favorite color . i am well . yourself ?
i am good thanks no i don't
married ? do you have a family ?
no is your dad alive
yeah he works up north . i go to school . you ?
my dad died when i was a baby
i am sorry to hear that . do you work ? any hobbies ?
i am very competitive but no work
what are you competitive in ? games ? sports ?
everything i despise losing yeah
i really feel that . i get heated when i lose . i am working on it though
yeah you should help me out
how can i help you ?
teach me to be humble in defeat
i'm a work in progress myself . i do not know . just ease up .
persona
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i'd travel the world if i could.
persona II
i do not know if i enjoy programming , or if its my only choice.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that its italian.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
dialogue
hi nice to chat with you
oh hi ! didn't know if you were there so started to read a book !
what are you reading , is it a classical
no . i was reading a biography about general patton .
interesting , are you interested in the military or just the logic of patton .
both ! i love history , so if i can't travel like i'd like i read instead .
that is great . i have always wanted to travel to italy to see where my family is from .
that sounds fun ! my family is scattered all over the world .
then you have many places to visit .
only need the time and money ! until then i chilla on weekend listening to music , hanging out .
i listen to classical music .
love classical ! anything other than country i can hang out with .
i hang out at the computer lab most days . boring
do you at least have super fast internet ?
persona
i will graduate from college in two years.
my parents are divorced.
i am very popular and have a lot of friends.
i couldn't live without my dog , bart.
persona II
i like to only eat fish.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i'm a democrat.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i've amazing eye sight.
dialogue
hey ! how is your day ?
hello , i'm doing very well . just got finished walking with bart .
who is bart ? is it a fish ?
he is my pup , my dad bought him for me when he was leaving my mom .
oh wow . that's kind of messed up .
they were getting a divorce , she cheated on him .
that is horrible . both my parents were really tall .
i have two years left in school , do you still go ?
no , i am done with school . i do enjoy swimming .
swimming is fun , bart likes it when we go surfing .
i've never surfed . i would like to .
it is great . you really should try it .
i'd like to . my vision is perfect , so i love seeing pretty things like the ocean
the ocean is beautiful , nothing compares to it .
i agree . plus i love fish ! they're delicious !
they're ! bart and i love scallops .
persona
i have brown eyes.
my mother was a weightlifter.
i love money.
my feet smell.
i've blonde hair.
persona II
i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i am a musician.
my best friend is in a band with me.
dialogue
hello , what are you up to ?
i am just watching netflix , you ?
i am playing piano , practicing
that is cool . are you passionate about music ?
yes , i have taken lessons since i was 5 , i have a band .
i like money more than i like music
what do you do for a living ?
i work as a nanny
do you like to watch children ?
i do . they are cute and they are fun
i bet . i write my own music with my best friend , she also plays
i could not do that lol i am too blonde
i just died my hair silver , it is hard to care for just like a blonde
smelly feet is worse lol hair isn'thing
okay , it seems like you cannot do much lol
you might be right . my mom lifted weights . i am naught compared to her
persona
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
i'm a yoga instructor.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i love romantic comedies.
persona II
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
last season i was just getting started.
i play quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
dialogue
hello
hi there . i work as a yoga instructor . what about you ?
i'm a pro football player
i'm very conscious about my health and always watch what i eat .
what do u do for a living ?
i work as a yoga instructor . do you have any favorite musician ?
i like rap music
mine is ed sheeran . what else do you do ?
that's all i do . . . play and practice
cool . i love reading romantic comedies .
where are you from ?
from georgia . you ?
persona
i love photography.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
i do not like waking up early.
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i love the sound of the rain.
persona II
i like to surf.
my mother is a school teacher.
i am a reality tv star.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i listen to country music.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
tired how are you doing ?
i am doing alright . spent the day surfing . you ?
i worked on photographs all day
nice , are you a photographer ?
i have certainly spent enough money to call myself that . its a hobby !
that would be a fun hobby . i spend my time listening to country music .
the only sound i need is the sound of rain !
haha , i like the rain . but it makes it hard to go surfing .
yeah , on rainy days i stay inside and light a few candles , so relaxing !
and a nice hot bath and a good book . that would be very relaxing .
after a night like that i could sleep until noon !
persona
i like rollerblading.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
i avoid eating sugar.
i am caucasian.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my life s goal is to be the world s foremost encyclopedia salesman.
dialogue
hello . how are you tonight ?
i am doing good . i've just been rollerblading .
i prefer more sedate hobbies like rock collecting and making art .
so you don't play sports ? not even hockey ? hockey is my favorite
i don't get much exercise . except while working at the gas station
i see . i try to avoid going into the gas station . too much sugary temptation .
i've a sports related story . i met peyton manning at kroger once .
that's so cool ! i wonder if they eat a balanced diet and avoid sugar too ;
being an athlete , i'm sure he watches what he eats .
yes , i agree with that . so tell me , what do you look like ?
brown hair , thick glasses , kind of overweight . i read a lot .
i've brown hair too . makes me look extra pasty white . i like to read too
i prefer reading encyclopedias . i love encyclopedias . do you own a set ?
i don't but i should own one
persona
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
i'm a cat owner.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i speak fluent italian.
my mom is an osteopath.
persona II
i have two full sleeves of tattoos.
i'm a 43 year old woman.
my hair is short and pink.
i love to travel.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hii i'm good . how are you doing ?
i am a female . i just recently celebrated my 43rd birthday .
oh ok i work in pizza shop . i turned 21
i really enjoy going traveling !
i too i love travelling i love to go london . you ?
same ! i finally completed my two full sleeve tattoos a few days ago !
oh that's really nice . do you like pizza ?
i love pizza ! i recently cut my hair really short and dyed it all pink .
oh ! ok . what is your favourite dish ?
i really love round dishes .
i love animals ! i've one dog .
i love dogs , they are so adorable !
ok where are you from ?
i am from california usa what about you ?
i am from dubai . are you love music ?
persona
i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.
i take everything literally.
i'm very genuine , and don t like small talk.
i have a very good memory.
persona II
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.
i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
dialogue
good afternoon hope your having a good day
i'm , thank you . tell me about your personality .
i'm a college student and are concentrating on philosophy and history
ah , nice . i just started a new job .
oh really i'm hoping to have a really great career
definitely . mine is really helping me learn more about socialization .
yeah i do not have a car right now so sometimes i take my bike to class
need to take the test ? the test is easy if your memory rocks like mine .
i take a lot of notes to prepare me on my recently bought laptop
thankfully , my memory is good enough that i do not need to take lots of notes .
i can not memorize information easily but my battery isn't good now
are you a genuine person ? i am , so i must let you know something . . .
yes i am a genuine person and what would that be
i must go , unfortunately , because i don't care much for small talk .
persona
i like to swim in the lake.
i have been to every state except alaska.
i like to visit places around the world.
i like to paddle board.
persona II
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love chocolate.
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i love walking in the park.
i have six older sisters.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing good . i just got home from work . how about you ?
i'm going good thanks . where are you from ?
i'm an army brat , so i have been all over . i love traveling , so its great . you ?
my life is boring . . . i work for my parents
you can always change that ! i have been everywhere in the u . s . except for alaska .
i wish but they forced me into it
www . what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to take walks in the park . . read
what genres do you like to read ? i'm really into self help books .
i've read alot of horror
that is awesome . are you into movies as well ?
persona
i wish i didn t have to work.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i have a strange obsession with pens.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i wish i made more money.
persona II
i'm a democrat.
i have amazing eye sight.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
dialogue
hi . i usually vote as a democrat , but i voted for trump instead .
trump is making good money , wish i did .
me too . what work do you do ?
i work at a bank . what about you ?
i do detailed wood carving , my eye sight is perfect for it .
that sounds fun . i am into art and would love to do that .
cool , i also like swimming . i'm tall and can jump high .
awesome . i also enjoy writing , i hope to write a book one day .
oh yes , that would be great . what topic for the book ?
i am not sure , maybe about art .
nice . what kind of art ? painting or sculptures .
mostly paintings but your wood work sounds cool .
i carve pine wood , its soft and you can shape it nicely .
what kind of stuff do you usually carve in it ?
mostly animals and family pictures . what do you like to paint ?
nature usually , i like to sit in a crowded park and just paint .
persona
i cook every night.
i am a soccer mom.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i work for a online company from home.
persona II
i m applying for publishing jobs.
the only autographs i ve ever wanted are from authors.
my favorite color is green.
my mother is a librarian.
i used to wear glasses as a child.
dialogue
i'm trying to get a job in publishing .
oh that is good , i hear it has a really good future
what is your job outlook these days ?
well , i am happy with my current job , i am not looking to change or shift careers .
what is your favorite color ? mine is green
i really love violet , what is your favorite animal ?
i really like lions , do you wear glasses ? i have had them since i was a kid .
no , i have good vision . did you ever try using lenses ?
they are uncomfortable on my eyes , i don't like touching my eyes .
yes , i see . one of my kids wears lenses . he plays soccer .
soccer is fun , my mother taught me how to play , she's a librarian .
i am a soccer mum myself . so how did soccer benefit you ?
it taught me teamwork , sharing , and cooperation .
i do not know much about that as i work from home . what do you do ?
persona
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
i work as an electrician.
i love hamburgers.
i hate winter.
i go running a lot.
persona II
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i studied early childhood education in college.
i have a puppy named tiki.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
dialogue
hello , i just ate tex mex ! you ?
i just had some delicious hamburgers !
my dog tiki snuck some . do you have a dog ?
no , but i do like to go running . do you run with your dog ?
no , but i walk with my kindergartners at recess .
cool , i bet that is no fun in the winter .
not really , how much do you run ?
all the time ! except in the winter
cool , i used to run when i was in school for childhood education .
i am an electrician now . do you like teaching ?
scary ! yes i do very much !
yeah , that is why i sleep 8 hours every day
sleep is very important . do you work everyday ?
just about , it is a busy schedule . you only work 5 days ?
i do . my tiki misses me when i leave !
i bet . animals get attached .
persona
i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i have four siblings.
i am the oldest sibling.
persona II
i'm the youngest in my family.
my passion is photography.
i've two older brothers.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm a freshman at nyu.
dialogue
good morning ! its a beautiful day for taking pictures !
family pictures ! family is everything to me ! how big is yours ?
about average . i am the little brother with two older ones and mom and dad !
i am the oldest of 4 siblings , but the shortest . only 5 3 .
there's a girl in some of my freshman nyu classes who is shorter !
my father teaches middle school , and is only 5 4 . his students are taller
that can be rough . tell him to wear blue its a power color !
will do ! whats your major
criminology . what can i say i wear blue and bleed it to !
youre crazy . i'd be having nightmares . i cannot watch crime tv show even
i probably am . i hope to get into crime scene photography . combine my passions !
well , someone has to do it . better u than me !
persona
my eyes are bright blue.
i have an above average iq.
i do not have a college degree.
i love to eat meat.
i love the desert.
persona II
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
my motor never stops running.
my father was a driver himself.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
dialogue
how is your weekend going ?
going fine . . how bt urs ?
its a nice break from working on trucks . what do you do ?
i work as a chef
nice . whats your favorite thing to make ?
i love the cuban sandwiches
yum . sounds delicious . i'm hungry now !
you should try in austin . .
i'll have to do that one day . i want to start taking vacations soon .
you better take it soon . . its a good whether now
we are saving up . maybe next year . . .
where are you from now ?
persona
i work at home , editing.
i have a cat.
i hope to move out soon.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
persona II
i read a lot of used books.
i live in my parents basement.
i like cats.
i'm a vegetarian.
i work in a flower shop.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i have been better . how about you ?
whats going on ? i am fine
i am looking for an apartment that takes cats
i also love cats how many ?
one , i am staying with my brother and dad . . . have to leave
i am sorry to hear that . do you read ?
often , i am an editor . how about you ?
i work with flowers all day
that sounds relaxing . what do you do for fun ?
i just sit in my parents basement
i know that feeling . i cannot wait to move .
persona
my major is in business administration.
i work at a daycare.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
i'm a college student.
i have been in a relationship for 2 years.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i like to go for bike rides.
i like the guitar.
i like to skateboard.
dialogue
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
it was okay , but i am ready to get back to work
anything fun you did this weekend ? ?
i caught up on some school work . what about you ?
did a small performance in a school band
do you play an instrument ?
i'm a lead guitar in our band
okay . do you work or are you in school ?
i am in my graduate year . .
well i am only a freshmen and working at a daycare
what kind of food you like ? ?
i like southern soul food mostly .
where are you from now ? ?
i'm in arkansas . what about you ?
i'm from austin tx
that is great , is your family still there ?
persona
i went to college and graduated few years ago.
i live in the city.
now i also work at a bank.
my father used to work for a bank.
persona II
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i am a mother of two daughters.
my husband died a few years ago , so i'm raising them alone.
i work as a english teacher.
dialogue
hello . its nice to meet you . tell me a bit about yourself ?
hi ! well , i don't live in florida . thank god ! i live in pittsburgh . how about you ?
oh i know ! that's so scary . i am good . i live in illinois .
where do you work ? my dad was in banking . i am now filling his shoes .
i'm an english teacher for now . but i'd love to be a writer . do you like banking ?
i prefer camping , but when i graduated from pitt in 2014 , this job was open .
i know how that goes . my husband had a similar story .
your story is interesting . do you teach high school english ?
i do . its a great job and helps me provide for my daughters .
oh nice . how many daughters ? i have 3 all grown
i've 2 . i love them , but its been tough since my husband passed .
i am so sorry . my husband is seriously i will . you have my sympathy .
thank you . it means a lot to me . i will keep you in my thoughts .
blessings ! and good luck to you .
persona
i drive a large , blue van.
i love to recycle.
i have two tattoos.
i am a hippie.
persona II
we have two sons.
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to attend wine tours.
i like to paint.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing ? i'm married with kids . you ?
i drive a blue van
lol . what do you do in your blue van ? been to any wine tours recently ?
i can not really say
it is ok , i will not tell . you can trust me . really .
oh no , its too bad . i have tattoos
yes , tattoos are bad . definitely bad . i'll warn my two sons about you .
oh good . wait , i'm not bad
really ? ok . sometimes bad is good , right ? do you at least drink wine ?
no no , i cannot drink
oh , ok . so what do you do for fun , when not driving the blue van ?
i recycle alot of things
that is good . now i see you not bad . lol . do you find recycling fun ?
oh yes , great fun ! i recycle cats
how do you recycle a cat ? ? ? both my sons love cats by the way .
i love to rub against them
persona
i am married.
i love to read.
teaching is my passion.
my favorite place is the beach.
persona II
my favorite singer is jess greenberg.
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
i ride a motorcycle , but it s not a harley.
dialogue
hello , do you like jess greenberg ? she is my favorite singer .
i'm sorry , i'm not familiar with her . i enjoy reading
that is okay . reading is nice too . what do you do for a living ?
i am a teacher . i am quite passionate about it . what about you ?
i'm a freelancer . last week i cleaned gutters for money .
do you enjoy doing that type of work ?
no but it allows me to do the things i do enjoy , like archery .
i understand . where do you go to enjoy archery ?
the woods and there is an archery center near my house .
that's great . do you live alone or are you happily married ?
i am happily engaged . how do you get around ? i drive a motorcycle .
i want to buy a new car but my husband is being a stiff .
you should get a bike too . but do not get a harley .
why not a harley ? what about an indian bike ?
i'm not sure what you mean by indian bike .
indian motorcycles ? you should look them up they are better harleys
persona
i'd travel the world if i could.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like to read a lot of books.
persona II
i enjoy fishing.
summer is my favorite season.
i like classic radio programs.
i love my impala.
dialogue
hi my impala is named winchester
hi there , how are you ?
fine i love classic radio when i give it a bath
i really wish i could travel the world .
i fish during the spring n fall . . any hobbies ?
i don't like country music , other than that i love listening to all other genres !
if i could i'd live somewhere its summer year round
spending quality time with my friends and family is important to me .
i've my mom and brother but no other family
reading a lot of books is my passion .
i read books and comics
what kind of books do you read ?
tom clancy n some james patterson
nice ! those are some good ones .
i met james at a signing once
lucky you ! that sounds awesome .
persona
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
i spend my weekends camping.
i am a truck driver.
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
persona II
i love romantic comedies.
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
i am a yoga instructor.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
dialogue
just taking a break from sleepless in seattle while i whip up a batch of humus .
i almost thought you said humans
rofl . in which case i would be watching hinnible lector
i guess so lol ! i like baking . . . whipping me up a batch of cookies
oh no ! not refined sugar ! ! ! you should use honey instead of sugar much healthier !
i know , i know ! the kids love it though . they wo not stand for honey !
my kids are all at college now . i have taken up teaching yogo to fill the empty nest .
good for you . i have a long way to go . . . and many more miles in my trucking job
trucking oh my ! greasy diners . cramped up . for me its yoga poetry
yeah , i try to stretch the legs some with recreational baseball . helps pass time .
different strokes , huh ? we would make quite the comedic pair in a romantic movie !
i have to pass up the offer . still happily married .
persona
i take medication.
i swim often.
i run track.
i wear glasses all day.
persona II
i like all types of music.
i am a mother of 5.
i like to do crafts.
i like to watch movies.
dialogue
i love all genre of music form rock to rap and you ?
hi i am kevin . how are you today ?
i am cool i got 5 kids who likes to watch movie
do you like swimming i go alot .
yes i love swimming i also do crafts and some stuff for the kid .
that is awesome ! i also love running and jumping hurdles
lets do it sometimes if you want and then after that we can watch movie
what type of movie ? i like action movies .
any movie will be fine just tell me and we will download it or watch it .
i need a big tv because because my vision sucks .
its ok we can get mine and watch over your house . how small is your tv ?
i have a 60 inch its great .
wow that's big enough for my 5 kids i hope i can bring them along .
of course kids are great .
how many kids do you have ? do they love movies and music ?
of course kids are great .
persona
my father is dead.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i'm a cyclist.
my favorite food is pizza.
my father used to be a cop.
i'm single.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
not to good . i am sad i can't be with my boyfriend .
oh . i am sorry to hear that . i am not seeing anyone .
he serves in the military overseas .
oh , my father was in the navy , but then he became a cop .
wow that's awesome . my father passed away recently .
oh no , i'm so sorry .
he used to love to hear me play the piano .
oh . my man hobby is cycling .
that is cool . i want to by a yellow bike to go cycling .
oh fun . my bike is black .
i recently cut my hair short so i can do outdoor activities
oh . i have black hair , what color is yours ?
i have blonde hair with pink highlights
oh . when will your bf be back ?
he should be back after his tour in afghanistan
persona
i am a member of the ymca.
i'm allergic to cats.
i love scary movies.
i'm learning to play the piano.
persona II
i wish magic was real.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i like fantasizing.
i love christmas.
i have a daughter.
dialogue
hi there , how is your evening going ?
great i just got home from the ymca where i'm a member
that's magical ! don't you wish so much that magic was real ?
i do . i'd like some magic to take away my allergy to cats .
maybe you should ask santa at christmas . christmas is the best ! ! ! !
i agree about that , i got a piano last christmas and i'm learning to play .
i got my daughter a piano too . it came in the mail . i love getting mail !
wow , that was a big package . do you like movies ?
i know . it was great . yeah i love fantasizing i'm in the movies
neato . my favorite movies are scary ones are you in any of those ?
the nightmare before christmas counts right ?
lol , of course it does . do you have any pets ?
no , just my daughter and i !
i have a pet cow . it is unusual i know .
what is their name ? ! d
bessie is her name . original huh ? lol
persona
i have a golden retriever.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
my favorite subject in school is math.
i like to play soccer.
i've a little sister.
persona II
i own 3 cats.
i drive a honda car.
i love candy.
i'm a very funny woman.
dialogue
hi , do you own a honda like me ?
do not like to drive my dog would enjoy for a ride
candy is something i like a lot
candy is good it october . little sister game today got to go see her play soccer
as a woman , i'm hilarious
that good tell me about you i just got a dog he amazing
i own kittens , three of them
sound nice what names and hold up i'm just reading into this book so give me time
sure , what is your favorite color ?
blue trying to count in my word book
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
what you do in the summer and why like red
i really like waffles too
do you like to read
i make hot dogs for a living .
well you should read on your break
persona
i am a boy.
i play ice hockey.
i go to high school.
i live in the united states.
math is my favorite subject.
persona II
i build aquariums for a living.
my wife is legally deaf.
i have six brothers.
my parents are both over age 100.
dialogue
whats up , how is your week this far ?
pretty busy with school and sports what about you
my parents just hit 102 and 105 . my 6 brothers and i are stressing
wow that's pretty amazing though
yea its awesome . they are doing well its just we do not know what to expect
yeah whats their secret to their long life ?
honestly nothing . lol neither one ate healthy and they both did their fair share
wow they really just got lucky then
yea . they just knew how to live i guess . happiness is more important to them
that's the best ! do you see them alot
not like i should . with my wife being deaf , its hard sometimes
ah that can be hard do you have kids
no we do not have any kids , but trying out these new hearing aids recently
that is cool do they work better
persona
my family owned a small restaurant.
i like to cook.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i work 9 to 5 job.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
persona II
i am a musician.
i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
my best friend is in a band with me.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
hi ! kind of tired from working 9 to 5 , how about you ?
i'm a musician so i don't work 9 5 took lessons since i was 5
nice , i just enjoy cooking . sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen
that is cool . i wish i could be home more to work on the songs i write
my family used to own a little restaurant so i am used to it
what cuisine was the restaurant ?
french cuisine ! so when i retire i want to open a french bakery
sounds fun . i love sweets and breads .
yeah they are delicious . i always stop by a bakery after work
i love hot croissants and almond croissants .
i would definitely have those at my bakery ! could even play your music there
persona
my favorite band is hop along.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i like to play video games.
i am a musician.
i've been working the same job for two years.
persona II
i'm 50 years old.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
i enjoy ice cream.
my husband just decided to leave me.
dialogue
hi there , kids are my responsibility
hello , i was under the impression that's what all parents do .
but my husband don't want to
wow . are you employed ? i play video games for a living .
nope , that s the hard part . but ice cream makes me forget
ice cream is awesome , especially the banana .
banana flavored ice cream so ?
i am sorry , i do not understand your question statement .
oh nevermind about it . so what you do for fun
i play music , and video games .
and what else ? you go school
i am employed . do you do anything ?
nothing except doing everything to live my kids
nice . do you listen to rap ?
i do if i've a chance to
hop along is my current favorite , tupac will always rule .
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
i've a small pet cat.
i'm twenty one years old.
i am currently going to school to be an artist.
persona II
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
i've two kids.
i am fairly conservative in politics.
dialogue
hello hope you are having a great afternoon . how are you ?
i am great just lounging with my cat and you ?
spending some time with my two kids in my country town . i love cats
i'm a city girl , new york to be exact
i have been to new york . my uncle lived on long island
cool . i attend art school here . what do you do for a living ?
i am into robotics . i paint landscapes in oil in my spare time
robotics sounds like an exciting job
it is fun like playing with big toys . what do you do for fun ?
i paint portraits down at the pier and i love the ocean
i love the ocean too . do you paint seascapes ?
i've painted a few
that is awesome do you sell many of your works ?
i have but i want to paint pictures that are museum worthy
i wish you all the luck in your art
thank you so very much
persona
i work at mcdonald s.
i watch youtube videos.
i have brown hair.
i like sleeping.
persona II
i like to play video games.
i play guitar on my free time.
i live alone.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
dialogue
hi names oreo and i love video games
wow that's an interesting name . i like youtube !
i learn guitar from youtube
oh cool ! do you like mcdonalds ?
i am so alone since mom passed
did your mom like mcdonalds ?
she used to collect happy meal toys but she's why i love culinary
that is awesome . i work at mcdonalds . what color was her hair ?
black like olives which i use in my 5 cuisine cooking
oh nice ! my hair is brown . is your hair black too ?
no mine is red i dye it alot
oh red like ronald mcdonald hair ! do you like to sleep ?
i own a dog his name is ron
does he like to sleep ? i like to sleep with my dog .
he knows my bed is for me alone
oh okay . where does he sleep ?
persona
i like to go out to the bars.
i enjoy dating women.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i am retired.
persona II
i sing in the church choir.
i grew up in the trailer park.
i love hot wings.
i am a truck driver in the south.
i've three kids.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
i am fine , a little tired though . how are you ?
why so ? i'm feeling good . just got back from singing in church choir
that sounds nice . have a few health issues and fatigue is part of it .
i'm sorry . my 3 kids give me fatigue half the time , not that it compares .
ll , yes kids can be tiring . what things do you do for fun ?
well , being from the south , i like to drive my truck !
that can be fun . how old are your kids ?
one year triplets ! after being raised on a trailer park , we now need a house !
oh wow ! ! triplets , that is amazing ! i can understand needing the house .
it really is amazing ! ! i hope they grow up loving hot wings as much as me !
good luck with the house and the children .
persona
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i'm an athlete.
i play football.
my position is linebacker.
i had 128 tackles last year.
persona II
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
i m deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
i really enjoy hiking.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
i'm great , my team is winning !
what team ? what sport are you into ?
i love the ravens from baltimore . i also play the game . you ?
i played football as a kid , i do love to watch it .
i was a serious linebacker , best on my team .
do you ever go hiking ? i enjoy it
yes , i'm an amazing athlete , i've the most tackles ever 128 in one year .
what level of football are you referring to ? high school , college , ?
professional , played six years in baltimore .
what is you name so i can look up your stats
tim williams , what is your name ?
ray lewis , i've never heard of you
thanks . what are you doing tomorrow ?
drinking 10 cups of tea then go hiking
amazing . i drink 11 cups , but hey i'm a real man .
persona
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
ferrari is my favorite car company.
i work out daily.
i like watching sports.
i own many cars.
persona II
i ve never been a fan of sports.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.
dialogue
hi there how are you doing today ?
i'm good . just watching some basketball . how are you ?
i don't usually like sports but i do archery
bows and arrows are cool . i bet you gotta be pretty fit to shoot a bow .
definitely , i am working in an office right now
yeah i work in an office too . selling ferraris .
i've to practice when i can i am getting very talented
that's cool . do you like cars ?
cars are pretty cool i guess
i own a bunch of cars . its kind of a problem . lol
sounds expensive ! archery equipment can be quite pricey too
it would be cool to shoot a bow from a ferrari
yeah that would be very cool and sounds like a challenge .
what else do you like to do ?
persona
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i work as a stand up comedian.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
persona II
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like reading a lot.
i like watching the walking dead.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
good currently drinking one of my fave drinks . its a cuba libre
cool , what is your fav tv show ?
i enjoy a new show called living with martin . but i'm biased cuz i'm in it
wow you are a part of the show ?
yea but i only play in a few small roles . not a star yet lol
that is still really cool ! i fav show is the walking dead
never seen it . i will have to check it out .
its really entertaining , i also love to read do you ?
i do in my spare time . i'm usually out late though . i'm a comedian as well
wow , you have an interesting life there , do you like harry potter books ?
i read the very first one back in the day . but never read the rest
oh okay cool , they're my fav books
i did a gig at a local theater yesterday . it was pretty crazy
i'd like to see one of your show
yea come check it out in hollywood . i'm listed !
persona
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
persona II
i'm an orphan.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i grew up in nevada.
i now live in new mexico.
dialogue
i am so very sad . can i come live with you ?
oh no what is wrong ? as long as we can watch youtube videos all day ;
that is fine , i am tired of being alone , an orphan
oh so sad , i am sorry . my beagle keeps my company , his name is droopy
can i come ? i am not far away , new new mexico
i travel for shrimp fishing job . i love them dipped in bbq . . do you ?
not really , but i'd eat them like that for you
what about pumpkins . . do you eat those like i do ?
i could . i am not too basic though
so what do you eat
bread , milk , water , cheap rice
poor thing , you need to try pumpkins , straight from my garden , so good ! !
well maybe i will if you let me move in
okay , so youre gonna help out in the garden too right ?
yes , i have not ever had a garden before
alot of work , but very rewarding ! !
persona
i love to play basketball.
my wife is a hairdresser.
i work in car sales.
i drive an acara.
my favorite beer is coors.
persona II
i'm a mechanic.
i own a corvette.
i own a german shepard.
i like to surf.
i live in california.
dialogue
hi
hey , how are you ?
doing okay just got off work
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a mechanic in california
i'm a car salesman ! what do you do for fun ?
i love to surf what do you like to do
playing basketball is my favorite .
that sounds fun , do you have any pets
i do not , do you ?
i have a german shepard named duke
how old is he ?
persona
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i work in tv.
i'm a lesbian.
i love to sing.
i don't treat my girlfriend very well.
persona II
i love to watch the voice.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i travel at least once a year.
i graduated from princeton.
dialogue
hi how is your day going this morning
i am doing well . how about you ? busy doing any of your hobbies this morning ?
that sounds relaxing . i'm getting ready to go to an art museum
fun ! i'm planning for breakfast tomorrow . i love cooking it on sundays for my girlfriend
that is nice of you to cook
i admit that i do not always treat her well , so i do not mind . what do you do ?
i just finished my degree from princeton to become a lawyer
wow ! congrats ! i do work in the tv field and i enjoy singing
what kind of music do you sing ?
anything , really . what are you doing this evening ?
i am packing for my annual vacation
how fun ! i meet some people who don't like lesbians like me .
persona
i enjoy shopping online.
i used to work for monsanto.
i'm a mother.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
persona II
i speak fluent french.
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
my mother works at a bank.
i work in an animal shelter.
i ve never met my father.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
great . just doing some online shopping . looking at fiction novels . you ?
well , i just got back from the animal shelter
animals are cool . i love dogs , i consider mine my kids . dog mommy .
that's cool ! i just also got from helping my mom at the bank
i work for monsanto . well , used to . they're after me now .
i love ravioli ! why are they after you ?
i put out a deadly supply of corn seed . part of a terror plot on inda .
well , you know , i speak french
1 sec . placing my amazon order . i really enjoy prime . ok , bonjour .
what are you getting on amazon ?
a rubber message wand . duct tape . olive oil . dog collar . usual stuff .
i do not think tape is usual !
it is pretty much a monthly order of mine . just me and my dogs .
is prime that worth it ?
all jokes aside . it really is . if you order even once a month , it is worth it .
persona
i am a gymnast.
my favorite coffee is french vanilla.
i've been dating my boyfriend for over 10 years.
i've a black and white cat named cow.
i hate the feeling of chalk.
persona II
i like to play video games.
i have been working the same job for two years.
my favorite band is hop along.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i'm a musician.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing good . i am just drinking my favorite coffee right now .
oh cool , i play guitar at a coffee shop in my town . what do you do ?
i have been a gymnast for 3 years its really fun
i've been working at the shop for about 2 years . do you like video games ?
just a little but my boyfriend loves them . do you have any pets ?
no , but my dad was a mechanic and there were some cats that hung around his shop . yourself ?
yeah i have a cat named cow because she is black and white .
that's do cute . do you have a favorite band ? mine is hop along .
i don't i just listen to a bit of everything
do you have a favorite type of food ?
i love tacos . how about you ?
persona
i'm a night owl , but i'm an introvert so i do not go out much or anything.
i am a graduate student studying law.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
persona II
my father worked 11 hours a day.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i own a iphone 7.
i am allergic to seafood.
dialogue
hey what are you doing ?
not bad . i just got done playing ultimate in the new york park with guys .
that sounds fun . i just got an iphone 7 so i'm messing with it
nice ! do you know much about tech things ? i just like to shop locally .
not really i am a food critic
yum . i am a law student about to graduate . your job is better !
yea haha a food critic with an allergy to seafood . i will trade ya
that's a problem . my biggest problems i stay up late and most shops are closed .
yea my dad was the same way he worked 11 hour days
not me . i just do not go out much anymore . how about you ?
its too cold to go out here so i just stay here and drink hot chocolate
hot chocolate for the food critic . good thing you are not lactose intolerant .
i know right haha . well its getting late here
i know , i'm wide awake now ! hope you can get some good rest .
i'll , i'll just think about when my mom used to read me bedtime stories
oh , the good ole days !
persona
i go to yoga.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
watching sports is fun.
i used to be a meat eater but i m now a vegan.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
i collect seashells.
i have two chiuahuahs.
i am a yoga instructor.
i love horses.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm great watching a hockey game . what are you doing ?
i am just about to leave class . i am tired .
what school are you attending ?
not school . i teach aerobics and yoga classes .
i love yoga ! do you teach bikram ? vinyasa ?
no i don't . i do ride horses . do you ?
i love horses . i would like to purchase an arabian when i am a millionaire .
yes a great choice . i have to feed my dogs to .
how many dogs do you have ?
2 chihuahuas . shelby and esquire
i love dogs too . do you take them to the groomers or do it yourself ?
i take them to the groomers . they love to go to the beach with me .
i love the beach , do you live near one ?
no but i go to panama beach when i do . i gather seashells .
panama beach , is that in florida ?
persona
i have trouble getting motivated.
i have bad luck with relationships.
i daydream during work.
i slack off on my homework.
persona II
i've two smartphones.
i enjoy reading.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
dialogue
hello ! i like movies . what is your favorite movie ?
i watch all movies instead of doing my homework .
homework is important , but i love the movie pretty woman .
pretty woman was something else , gave me bad luck with women .
i am sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing ?
i just daydream about flying and stuff .
flying is cool ! reading is my thing . do you have a cell phone ?
yes i spend all day on my cell instead of being motivated .
i happen to have two phones that are smartphones , so i can relate .
that wouldn't help with my slacking problem .
very true ! what about food . what kind do you like ?
i like tacos and pizza
not for me . i happen to be a vegan .
well that explains a lot .
persona
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
i have tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
i've been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i've been married for 6 years.
persona II
my hair is short and pink.
i love to travel.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
i'm a 43 year old woman.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing well , and yourself ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ? i work at a brewery like peter griffin lol .
i'm a fright truck driver
cool , ever go to the casinos on the weekends ? i might have seen you .
yes i go on occasions
do you ever travel to other countries ?
only around the state . . . and u ?
i have traveled to 7 countries in europe and 3 in asia .
that's is vey impressive wow
my job at the brewery has blessed me financial to allow me .
how many types of beer have you tried ? 35 maybe ?
that's spot on correct answer .
persona
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
we are getting married in a park.
my family hates my fiance.
my dog is the ring bearer.
persona II
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i've been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i've tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you doing ?
i'm getting married tomorrow
congrats ! what kind of beer are you serving ? i work for a brewery .
bud light and miller light is on the menu
ah . okay . i prefer the 35 craft beers we brew to the mass produced stuff .
we are saying i do in a park
how wonderful . is it near a casino ?
my sweet puppy will have the rings
www that's adorable . where are you going for the honeymoon ?
hopefully to niagra falls i've never been
i am going backpacking in s . america for mine .
my family is against the marriage
that's too bad and their loss . you will enjoy niagara falls .
yes it is there loss and thank you
is your fiances family more accepting ?
yes they adore me but who wouldn't ahahah
persona
i love sweets.
i sleep a lot.
i cs and ds.
i'm in high school.
i love bruno mars.
persona II
i love talking on the phone.
i've a gambling problem.
i love to go hiking.
i'm fluent in spanish.
i always eat my vegetables.
dialogue
i've a serious problem . but i eat my vegetables all the time .
oh . ok . i do not really like veggies , love my sweets !
i use too lol i love going fishing
lol tried fishing once , but i fell asleep . love my naps .
next weekend i'm thrilled to go hiking i love it
that's cool . i'm making a bruno mars fan vid next weekend . ll !
i speak his language , well at least i think i do
all his songs are in english i think . ink i got a c in english .
ll darn , i gotta stop wasting my families money on habits
i gotta stop wasting my time sleeping ! ll no ones perfect
i thought he was native a hispanic ? i could be wrong
he was born in hawaii . hoping i can visit there when i graduate highschool
i wish we were chatting on the phone instead . its easier . 2
ink i love texting even though i'm a bad at spelling apparently .
persona
i love disney movies.
i love to dance.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i am in high school.
i am on a competitive dance team.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i hate running.
i am married with kids.
dialogue
whats up man , hows it going ?
not much , just dancing for my school
oh that is cool . hows the dancing ?
what are you up to these days
nothing much . feeding my cats and dog . annoying bunch haha
i like dancing to disney movies
i don't like running when i'm walking my dog . i don't like running in general
ariel is the best princess character for disney
i wanna see her play baseball . i love baseball . playing or watching
i do not like running either just dancing in my high school
youre in high school ? i have kids in high school
yes in garde 12 for the second time
wow your kid is dumb haha . i really love the orange color
yes i like orange color as well
persona
i'm engaged to be married.
i love animals and like working with them.
i am a history buff.
i'm in a local theater company.
persona II
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i like to bowl.
i am a family man.
i am a pediatrician.
i am married with 2 children.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well , thank you . and you ? how is the weather ?
its a little rainy but we are safe . you ?
i am glad to hear that . it is sunny here and the leafs are changing
what are your hobbies then ?
i greatly enjoy going to productions on the weekends . is that your thing ?
i'm mostly with my family when i'm free . kids ?
unfortunately no . that's why i have time for productions . maybe someday
fair enough . i am all about that family . food ?
family is wonderful . i home someday . i am a big foodie . italian . you ?
yeah my family goes bowling then we get food
bowling is great . do you ever go to the zoo together ?
persona
i hate red meat.
my hair is brown and curly.
i love to surf.
i love watching sunsets.
i live near the ocean.
persona II
i grew up on a large farm.
i just moved from va to pa.
i love reading.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
dialogue
hello ! tell me about yourself . i live in pa , just moved from va .
i live in southern california , right near the ocean .
sounds awesome ! any hobbies ? i really enjoy reading .
surfing is how i spend all my free time .
cool , you must be in great shape . i have fibromyalgia , so i cannot really surf .
i'm sorry to hear that , that has to be rough .
yeah , i think the winters here in pa are going to be hard on me .
yeah , cold and joint pain does not mix well .
true . and i grew up on a farm , so its hard being so restricted in activities now .
i hear you , my family owns a farm in west virginia . its hard work .
yes , it is . what do you do for work now ?
i actually wait tables in a restaurant , you ?
i am on disability , but i also do beadwork and beadwork patterns that i sell .
that's pretty neat . art stuff is calming to me .
persona
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald.
i've a close circle of friends i would do anything for.
i never stop looking for love.
persona II
i love sunsets.
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
i work 60 hours a week.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
dialogue
good morning . tracy retail manager here . please to meet you .
hello , i'm brenda i sell commercial real estate .
you go girl ! you work long hours too ? sunsets perk me up though .
yes i do ! but mcdonald always perks me . i've to let it go , but cannot .
i hear ya . i am doing sixty a week but i live to watch the sun come up .
wow , and i thought i was busy . i also wait tables on the weekends .
whoa ! you seem like an all around woman . i work , eat then sleep .
i try . it is hard to have a romantic life , but i will never stop looking .
your prince will find you . you just keep on doing what you are doing .
thanks tracy , you are so nice !
i try . ll . you thought about selling real estate online ?
no , it never crossed my mind . that could give me more free time .
it was nice talking to you . take care .
you do the same friend
persona
i am a model building enthusiast.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i m originally from london , england.
persona II
my favorite food is mexican food.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i am a mother.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi . not so good . my parents recently died in a car accident .
i'm sorry to hear that
thanks . comedy clubs have been keeping me laughing . i love them .
do you go often then
as much as i can . most times i'm model building . how are you ?
making models of what then
buildings from london , england since that is where i am from . where are you from ?
i am from mexico like the food
i like the food ! can you cook all the good mexican foods too ?
yeah that is my favorite kind of food
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
i am a nurse for work
that is an excellent profession . for how long ?
for 20 years now honestly
i admire that . i wanted to be a nurse but that did not happen .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i have two tattoos.
i've a cat named speckles.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
persona II
i drive a red car.
i use red lipstick.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i like to wear red.
dialogue
hello . red is my favorite color . i've a red car and wear red lipstick .
hello i am ray from florida
hi ray . how are you ? i also wear red shoes and wear red clothes .
i just got 2 tattoos of my cat his name is speckles
oh , how sweet is that ? ! i also love that name .
my cat and i just sit together and knit all the time
do you knit red sweaters and does he wear a red collar ?
so do you by everything that is red ?
of course . red is my favorite color . what is yours ?
i'll knit you a red sweater , after i go shopping
oh how kind of you ! ! what a nice friend you are .
blue is mine , what is your hobby ?
i just like to drive all day in my red car . listening to music .
well maybe you could pick me and speckles up for a ride
yes . i will be there promptly !
great , i will have your red sweater ready for you
persona
i've 2 kids.
i'm very short.
i hate tomatoes.
i'm a female.
persona II
my family is very important to me.
i work all the time.
i drive a nice car.
my brothers work with me.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi , i'm doing okay how are you today ?
i am great . but i work at a restaurant which is stressful . . .
i bet restaurants can become very busy ! i have twin boys so i understand
wow that is crazy . i work with my two brothers . who are also twins !
yeah that is crazy . are your brothers tall ? i hope my boys don not get my height
we are all very short italians . how tall are you ?
i'm 5 foot 3
well , that'sn't too short . do you have a job ?
no i am a stay at home mom my husband takes care of the bills
that's nice . do you want to go to work when the boys are older ?
i might part time not sure yet . where do you work ?
at the restaurant with my brothers , remember ?
oh yeah i do sorry about that . short term memory i guess
haha , it is ok . what kind of car do you drive ? i have an audi .
i have a dodge challenger and a van i use the van when they have games
persona
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i work at an insurance firm.
i'm divorced and looking to date.
i have two children , a boy and a girl.
persona II
i love going to concerts.
i live in pittsburgh.
i am a librarian.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
dialogue
hello ! i work as a librarian . what do you do ?
i am an insurance agent at an insurance firm
nice ! in pittsburgh where i reside , there are lots of firms .
what is pittsburg like , do you have family there ?
i do . we love attending many concerts and events .
nice ! i live in new mexico , with my grandmother
no italian food in new mexico , huh ? its my favorite !
maybe not italian , but pretty great pizza !
oh really ? i have never been to new mexico before .
its okay , i got divorced and moved to care for my grandmother .
whats wrong with your grandmother ?
she is just old and not as able bodied , she needs help during the week
that is nice of you to care for her .
thank you , its nice because the kids get to be close to her
persona
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am currently in elementary school.
my favorite band is one direction.
my mom is a professional tennis player.
persona II
i am single.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
my favorite food is pizza.
my father used to be a cop.
dialogue
so so so ready to go
ready to go where ? are you taking me to see one direction ! ?
sure if we can get pizza
and spaghetti and meatballs right ? 1d and that would make the best night
food is so so good . it is so bad
my mom says too much is bad for her . she plays tennis professionally
my mom is so annoying
is she . i am only in elementary school you know ?
you poor thing , why are you working ?
because i want to be a football player when i get older
oh ok . i like football
what else do you like ?
chicken hens perch on a wire
i don't know what that means , but cool
persona
i got married 10 years later.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i was the first born child.
my favorite color is red.
i was a slave for 10 years.
persona II
i enjoy running at night.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i like spicy food.
i'm saving up to buy a new camera.
i've always had long hair.
dialogue
hey . hows things . all good ?
yes pretty good i love the color red .
that reminds me of spicy food
for 10 years i was like a slave wanting spicy foods .
slave . tell me about it
being the first born child i would cook spicy food at my parents restaurant .
that's great . got to run off the fats though
finally i escaped being a cook went to school .
that's nice . gotta get a camera
10 years later i got married . i was once a photographer .
oh yes . that is a good job
finally i settled on carpenter who escapes sometimes to take photos .
that is a great job too
yes , i love making things .
persona
my mind is set on things above.
i trust in god.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
persona II
i like to read.
i like to go swimming.
i have epilepsy.
my parents are not married anymore.
i have one son.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i'm sad , i have just broken up with my boyfriend
i am sorry to hear that . what happened ?
i am not sure , but i feel that god will help
you should read to distract yourself
that sounds good , i'll try to do that . thank you .
no problem . swimming helps too
swimming is nice ! i agree
what are your other hobbies then ?
i have none , i am always sad
ah someone else will come soon
yea , for sure , i hope so
persona
my mother is a teacher.
i live in an apartment.
my favorite color is blue.
i am one of four siblings.
persona II
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i am a professional gamer.
i'm currently single but i'm ready to mingle.
i love to play league of legends.
dialogue
hey ! how are you ? just finished a gaming tournament , i'm drained !
oh my gosh , that is awesome ! ! what game do you play ? i'm good ! chilling at apartment
sounds relaxing . i'm a big big fan of league of legends . i play professional
that is great ! have you always been a gamer ?
yeah ! since a kid , i'd usually play before bed , and just kept getting better
i did not game much because my mom was strict about homework and bedtimes , her being a teacher
my ex girlfriend used to hate it lol . i would spend money flying to tournaments lol
oh haha , i am sorry . do you still keep in contact ?
only on facebook , if that counts lol . what grade does your mom teach ?
she teaches third grade . she taught all four of us , my siblings
that is really cool , i'd love for my mom to teach me in school
really ? it was kind of embarrassing sometimes
yeah , i could see that . my best friends sister was my teacher once .
oh wow ! ! was she a good teacher ?
persona
i have an above average iq.
i do not have a college degree.
i love the desert.
my eyes are bright blue.
i love to eat meat.
persona II
my favourite colour is green.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
my mother is from greece.
i love cooking !.
dialogue
hey ! what did you do today ?
hi ! was reading books and browse the internet . what about you ?
i actually went for a swim earlier . its so hot outside !
where are you ? hope not in florida !
no i'm not thankfully . i'm in arizona , but my dad is from india . mom from greece
hmm . interesting mix . do you speak urdu or hindi ? what about greek language ?
i speak greek . my mom taught me . my dad taught me how to cook indian cuisine
love indian quinine ! i've a lot of indian and pakistani friends .
its my favorite , and very fun to cook . its fun getting the right spices intermingled
i like kofta dish and the way they cook meat in masala with all the spices
absolutely delicious . i think i will make it tonight . what are your plans ?
not sure . may be will go out to eat sone desert . i've a sweet tooth .
persona
i never met my parents.
i own a mansion that i do not live in.
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
i never went to school.
persona II
i am looking for a job.
i have a dog.
i have two siblings.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hi there ! me and my dog benji here .
hi i wish i had a dog
they are pretty awesome . keeps me company while i am job searching !
what kind of job are you looking for
anything really . what kind of work do you do ?
i made a lot of good investments a while ago i'm just relaxing now
that sounds awesome ! maybe i should look into that .
yeah i have a bunch of houses that i just rent out now
out of 3 of us siblings , i'm the only one that does not do real estate .
that is interesting how many languages do you know
just english . how many do you know ?
just about 300 its kind of a hobby
persona
my feet smell.
i have brown eyes.
my mother was a weightlifter.
i have blonde hair.
persona II
i'm currently in nursing school.
i'm an only child.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i dance ballet.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am well , but i have to say my feet have been extra funky smelling !
oh no i'm in nursing school anything i can help with
that's the only symptom ! they just smell , terrible and i keep washing them !
well they say if u sweat a lot it can cause it
my mother , she was a former professional weightlifter , said the same thing !
in my free time i take ballet , my feet stink to .
i have always wanted to take ballet ! how fun ! she wanted me to be a weightlifter
but being an only child , i'm not use to smelly feet .
my mother had smelly feet too , she gave me that quality , and brown eyes , and blonde hair .
we went to church my mom taught sunday school .
that is really sweet , i went to sunday school growing up .
persona
my favorite hero is superman.
my name is todd.
i love comic books.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i'm 8 years old.
persona II
i'm twenty one years old.
i've a small pet cat.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
i am currently going to school to be an artist.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i'm fine and live in new york .
good i'm todd i like comics especially spiderman
i'm studying to be a graphic artist , but i have never really done cartoons .
that is a good profession i'm not sure what i wanna be yet
this is my last year of school . are you still in school ?
yes i'm in school still . do you like football ?
i'm not really into sports . i've a tiny kitty , how about you ?
i've a puppy dog that i really like
i live in a tiny apartment , so a dog is out of the question .
makes sense i am sorry you cant have a puppy they're really cute
well , my cat is adorable . what is your puppy named ?
his name is rex he is a hound dog
my cat is named nugget because of her golden fur .
oh that's pretty neat what do you have planned today ?
i am having a birthday dinner . i turned 21 recently .
oh happy birthday did you get any presents ? i love presents
persona
i'm blind.
i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.
i've a job as a dj at a radio station.
i've many friends.
i use a cane to help me get around.
persona II
i like to cook.
i have a cat named kj.
i have lived in several different states.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
dialogue
hey my name is hanna
hello nice to meet you i've three other friends with that name
awesome , i've lives all over the usa but never met another hanna
i've a lot of friends around the world i work as a dj
i want to travel teh world one day , i used to be a nurse
have you ever worked with blind people ?
no i work with babies , but my cat kj is blind in one eye
i am but that don't stop me i drive a car once !
you are a smart blind person , you learned driving is so easy lol
lol but my friend was telling me everything to do
that is a good friend , you should cook for them . i truly enjoy cooking
then i will need to bring out my cane while i move around the kitchen
get out that cane and spice it up
any good recipe i should try ?
cereal is the breakfast of kings !
that's a very true statement
persona
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
my family and i go camping every month.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
persona II
i'll one day own a ferret.
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i am allergic to peanuts.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well . my jablon and my bryant my boys just went down for a nap
that must mean it is a good time to chat ! my mom and i played baseball together
oh yeah ? sounds fun . yeah i love my beautiful children , but mamas need breaks too
they do ! are you a single mother ? my mom was
no , but sometimes i feel like i am . do not have time for things i like
maybe you can get your boys a ferret
oh no , they do not need it . only animals they might get is a horse
but that's so much more work ! i like salt water fish also
wow you love animals ! horses are worth it though . i wish i could ride everyday
i'm slighly allergic , but also to peanuts
gotta be careful with that . last month we saw kid almost die while camping . peanuts !
whoa scary ! did you hang your clothes out to try while camping ?
no we save it up for laundry . we only sing blebs on laundry day ! fam tradition
persona
my favorite music genre is rock.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i have two pet dogs.
persona II
the idea of working is not my cup of tea.
i like to live off of the land.
my parents were like this as well.
i'm a free spirit.
i'm all about family and fun.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
alright at work now so could be better lol
yea , i do not like work either !
lol so wut do u like doing
i feel i am kind of a free spirit who lives off the land
so kind of like a hobo
no , more like a gypsy , i learn from my parents
ic i'd like to travel the world someday any places you think i should visit
i would really suggest italy it is beautiful .
any sites in particular i should see
venice for sure , what do you do for fun ?
i like photography and hiking
sounds fun ! i enjoy time with family .
cool you have any pets i've 2 dogs
persona
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i love to save money.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i am a couponed.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
i've a french bulldog.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
i play bass.
my feet are size six womens.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
dialogue
i love my french bulldog macy
is it expensive to have a dog ? sounds expensive .
yes my foot size is a 10
did you pay full price for your shoes ?
i did i went to sears
i don't like to pay full price for things that i buy
i do not either but these were cute
there is always something better to do with the leftover money , something that will help everyone .
oh i agree charities are the best
i agree with you , i donate as much as possible
i'm listening to red hot chilli peppers
i'm listening to a new band i discovered called cold cave
is it awesome ? i bet it is
its pretty good , something a little different
persona
i've lived a very sheltered life.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i am 17.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
persona II
i work in a lab.
i ve been a vegan since i was 5.
i have two brothers.
i love to sleep in.
dialogue
i'm a scientist , i've a lab
how are you doing today
i am 5 when my parents taught me how to be a vegan
what do you like about being a vegan
my 2 brothers are same as mine .
what do you like about life
it gives me some sort of a fulfillment .
i wish that i felt that way
sleeping in is what i usually do
i can not sleep too well
what do you do in life ?
i don't do much of anything
try experimenting on what you like
i do not like much of anything
persona
i am a vegan.
i love animals.
i'm going back to school.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i run track.
i take medication.
i wear glasses all day.
i swim often.
i love video games.
dialogue
i was just doing this after i ran on the track .
hi how are you doing
i'm great , but i took my medication today .
oh ok hope you feel better . i just enrolled back in college
college is fun , its where i always swim !
swimming is fun where are you from
i don't know , but when i'm there i play a lot of video games .
video games are cool what do you play
diablo 3 , always , its why i've to wear glasses .
that game is addicting i like to read on my down time
reading is pretty fun , mostly i read about swimming .
that is good anything that keeps you interested is good to read
okay , back to video games and running track !
have fun was nice meeting you
persona
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
i am in debt.
i am single.
persona II
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
dialogue
have you seen my pet snake ? i cannot find him anywhere .
no i've not ! i am so sorry you lost him
i am pretty bummed about it . how are you though ?
i am okay . just feeling a bit lonely tonight . it is hard being single
aw , so sorry to hear that ! i love being lonely . i dream of desert living .
i do too . but i need to get out of debt first
do you have much debt ?
i do . but i cannot help it . i am always shopping
i am not a big fan of shopping , except for toys for my snake .
i bet ! do you have a car ?
no , i cannot afford one . i'm about to start an internship .
good luck with that . my ride is a bmw
thank you ! feel free to hand that bmw over to me haha
haha i can sell it to you for a pretty penny
i'll keep that in mind !
anything else interesting about you ?
persona
i'm a student in social sciences.
i am studying for my master s.
i also like eating sushi.
cooking is one of my pass times.
persona II
i like to bake pies.
i like photography.
i like to garden.
i am a chef.
i love traveling.
dialogue
hello what are you doing today . i've been baking pies
hello ! i've been eating sushi today . i love it !
i love sushi also i work as a chef . do you like to cook ?
yes ! i absolutely love to cook as a hobby . do you go to school ?
no i travel a lot and have a garden at home
gardens are awesome . i'm majoring in social sciences . currently studying for my masters
i also take pictures in my spare time . social science sounds interesting
how long have you been taking pictures for ?
i have been into photography since i was a child .
that's pretty awesome . i'm jealous . i wish i could take better pictures .
you could learn to take great pictures . keep trying
i wish i had an iphone , but i have an android instead .
i have an iphone and enjoy it
have you ever owned an android before ?
yes but i like the iphone better
i owned an apple product once . i did not like it because of itunes .
persona
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my best friend is my dog allie.
persona II
i love to go to the beach.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i've 2 cats.
i'm vegan.
dialogue
wood wood , how you doing today ?
cheers ! just enjoyed a milkshake chocolate malt ! it was heavenly . how about you ?
i am doing good . i just got to have a delicious strawberry smoothie .
we must be soul . . brothers or sisters . i am a she .
oh me too ! are you vegan ? i'm .
no . my favorites are cloud gazing and riding my bike to work .
do you like the beach ? that's where i like to relax .
it wreaks havoc on my skin . i stick close to home with my dog allie .
you have a dog ! i have two cats .
what are their names ? do you dress them up for halloween . that's my favorite holiday .
one is baby and the other is piston . i've not gotten them costumes before .
what great names ! i like dressing up for halloween but just once a year .
yea , dressing up takes a lot of time so i just decorate their beds and water bowls .
that's cute . you do not live in florida , i hope .
persona
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
god has always been put first in my life.
i take pride in getting straight as.
i am currently looking for a job in baltimore.
persona II
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i am afraid to leave the house.
i enjoy reading.
i love to clean my house.
dialogue
hello ? i love to read and clean my home . what do you like to do ?
hello i am great how about your day ?
okay i guess . i do not leave my house . i'm afraid to . how is your day ?
good looking for a job in baltimore right now
good luck ! i don't work . my sisters take care of me . i clean and cook .
i hate cleaning lol but i do great school work get all as
congrats . i use to get as before my uncle kidnapped me when i was little .
ll what how that all happen ? !
i was too young to remember . i just know i'm scared all the time .
yes that's definitely scary stuff ! sorry
tell me about yourself . do you have family ?
always put god first how about you
yes . i would be nothing without allowing god into my life . tell me more .
well that and yo gotti is the deal
cool . um , who is yo gott ?
some east coast rapper that i love lol
persona
i swim often.
i love video games.
i run track.
i take medication.
persona II
my children are mostly grown.
i like gardening.
i live in a small city.
i have a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
dialogue
how are you doing today
omg hyper hyper hyper i got done swimming 30 minutes ago need my meds
what kind of medication do you take
amphetamines ! when i run on the track the asphalt melts !
are you prescribed those by a doctor
who cares ! i've got the high score on every video game !
do you get paid for that
sometimes ! what do you do for a living ? tell me about you !
i'm retired . i used to act .
what kinds of productions did you act in ?
i was a background actress in good will hunting
that was a good movie ! what are your hobbies ?
i like to be outside in my garden
what kinds of vegetables do you grow ?
persona
i think beets are the best vegetable.
i live on a beet farm.
my favorite animal is a bear.
i'm a paper salesman.
persona II
i have a lot of medical bills.
my mother is in the hospital.
i am very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i've problems chewing my food.
i used to be able to run really fast.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
hello i'm doing fine ready to eat my veggies , and you
i'm great good for you ! i've problems chewing them !
veggies , i actually grow beets but so you can never chew gum
neat ! i used to be able to run fast till i slipped in gum .
that's too bad , what do you eat
not much since i am having trouble eating . . .
you probably should eat vegetable soup then
good idea they have good soup at the hospital .
what do you do for work ,
i run used to be able to run faster though
oh i like to run , i have a pet bear , which i take long walks
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
i'm currently going to school to be an artist.
i'm twenty one years old.
i've a small pet cat.
persona II
i am very smart.
i love to drink whiskey.
i work as a janitor.
i wear contacts.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
hi there , hows it going ?
pretty good and you ? which state are you from ?
i am great thanks , i live in va . i just love going for walks outdoors
me too . do you have any pets ?
i've a snake ! do you have any ?
i hve a small cat . my apartment is small .
our animals wouldn't mix ! lol . i am the janitor at the local school , you ?
the me too was for the walks . i live in new york , i am art student .
i sort of figured that , i also think i am too smart for my current job
sometimes there is no choice in jobs . i love to paint and draw .
oh yeah , what do you like to paint draw ?
i love to sketch roses , they are my favorite flower .
roses are pretty ! i just love drinking whiskey in my free time
i like a shot every once in a while too . i just turned 21 .
best to party while your still young ! when you get older you feel consequences
only as old as you let yourself become , right ?
persona
i wish magic was real.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i have a daughter.
i like fantasizing.
i love christmas.
persona II
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i am an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
dialogue
hello , do you go to church ? i try and go every sunday
i don't but my daughter does .
i love to sing with the choir on sundays
that is magical , like christmas . i love to dream about christmas .
what is your style of clothing ? mine is donna karen
so fancy . i like all clothes . i am waiting for the mail , hoping to get some packages !
i love christmas , i get 2 weeks off because i teach 8th grade
if magic were real , and i hope it is , you'll get 3 off this year !
i'm going to try and go to the symphony during the holidays
my favorite fantasy is about my daughter attending the symphony for christmas .
you should try and read the bible every night before bed , i know i try too
you must be very righteous . do you think magic is real ?
wow you have alot of fantasies , i do believe in magic
what kind is your favorite ? i think the mail is here , i hope i got something good !
persona
i am single and live alone.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
i make robots for a living.
persona II
we live in an apartment.
i am 25 years old.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
i take her to the park.
dialogue
hello , how old are you ?
hi i'm 30 and you ?
i'm 25 , where do you live ?
ohio . are you married ? i live by myself and am currently single .
no but i've a boyfriend and we live in an apartment together .
what do you do for a living . i assemble things like robots .
i am unemployed . you can say i take care of my daughter . do you have kids ?
i do not . i also am lacking a decent social life right now .
i take my daugther to the part to get out the house . what do you do ?
i love staying up late watching movies .
my unemployed boyfriend likes to do that too
it passes time . i also like to take walks in nature .
do you live in a house or apartment ?
i live in a 3 bedroom house .
do you get scared alone ?
no , i've a large german shepard to keep me company .
persona
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my grandma is from denmark.
my car is green and smells weird.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my dogs name is toto.
persona II
i also own a cupcake business.
i work in a diner.
i sing in the shower.
i live with my best friend.
dialogue
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
hello ! i'm looking for work right now . how about yourself ?
i waitress at a diner some night but i also make and sell cupcakes .
i love pastries ! my grandma from denmark used to make a great danish .
sounds delicious , my off and roommate is from denmark !
what a small world ! does your roomie also bake ?
yes ! she will take over my baking while i'm showering and singing along with lady gaga
gaga is awesome . probably my favorite artist since toto .
do you like music too ?
oh yeah ! toto was my favorite band back in the day named my dog toto !
how cute ! i will sing toto while i am getting ready for the day too !
i would enjoy tha t . it will help me get through a long day of car cleaning tomorrow .
what a coincidence , i'm off work from the diner tomorrow and am cleaning too !
cleaning on your off day ? no other plans ?
persona
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
my favorite book is the bible.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
persona II
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
when i m stressed , i overeat.
i've a lot of style.
i m a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
it has been misting all day . how are you today ?
it has been raining here , i am doing well thank you .
i teach kindergarten . the children are so much fun
they are adorable . i go to craft shows with my boyfriend and design jewelry
nice ! i enjoy style and making myself look great
i'm a barista , what is your favorite book ?
that's a hard question . i'd have to say the bible
mine too ! come to my coffee shop and we can have lunch one day .
yes ! ! i'm spending time organizing this evening i like to do it
nice ! i have a craft room that needs organized if you are bored of your own .
ha ! organizing beats overeating which i tend to do if i'm stressed
i hear you ! my boyfriend makes great brownies .
sweets are my downfall i love sweets sad to say
tiramisu is my downfall , a lady in my building makes cheesecake .
persona
i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
persona II
i work at a bar.
i can play piano.
i like to listen to country music.
people say i can cook well.
dialogue
hello ! just sitting here with my favorite country music radio station on
cool . i was watching a show .
i like to strum a few bars on the piano as i'm listening to the radio
i like to binge watch stuff
i do that once in a while too
who is your favorite country artist ?
i have so many cannot name just one
mine is johnny cash of course .
an oldie but goodie they play country music at the bar that i work at
sounds like fun . i don't drink myself . but i do love to eat .
well my friends say i am a good cook . what can i cook for you ?
burritos ! i love burritos more than anything .
persona
i am a graduate student.
although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i m always early.
i'm in between classes.
i volunteer with dogs.
persona II
i m a student.
i like to be outdoors.
i m from california.
i think recycling is important.
dialogue
hey , how is the weather there ? it so hot here in california .
sounds nice , it is winter over here . i am a student , how about you ?
i am also in school ! i am studying better ways to recycle
cool , i am into medicine but i wish i was studying animals . do you like it ?
i do ! i am very outdoorsy and saving the earth is my passion .
do you think you will succeed ? animals are the greatest .
i'm sure going to try .
very cool ! do you have any hobbies ?
i play video games and go hiking .
cool , i go to the shelter and walk the dogs , nothing better .
that is so sweet of you
it is really fun . what kind of foods do you like ?
i love salads , fish , nuts . i don't eat much meat .
salad , yum . nutrition would be fun to study .
what else are you into ?
studying , animals , being punctual , that's about it . are you into politics ?
persona
i am terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
my dog is my best friend.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
persona II
my favorite food is jello.
i've 4 pets.
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i live in an apartment.
dialogue
hi how are you ? my fave food is jello .
i'm well hanging out with my puppy he is my best friend
i've different pets
ah what kind ? i'm scared of spiders but love snakes
i have a parakeet , a dog , a cat , and a lizard
neato what do you do for a living ? i am a computer technician but hates it
i am a entertainer ,
oh what area of the entertainment industry ?
ever since my fascination in magic it is what i do in las , vegas
neat i love watching magic shows at night as i sip chai tea
i also love the game magic the gathering card game .
oh i'm not a big fan of card games
yeah , i started to get into them after awhile , and started throw small gatherings at my apartment
oh fun maybe i will give it a go
yeah and come to my house and play with us . we have a gathering every other weekend .
okay will see if i can make it !
persona
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
i can t stand clutter or dust.
i still love my cat despite all this.
i've horrible allergies.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
persona II
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i've a few pet iguanas.
i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm great , just cleaning . i'm a little ocd with clutter and dust .
i've dogs and some pet iguanas , they make cleaning up difficult .
i bet ! i wish i had a dog but i've awful allergies
that's a pity . do you have siblings though ?
no . it is just me and my cat . i still love her despite the allergies .
i have a male sibling , we hardly ever talk
why ? my parents said they would never have another kid so no siblings .
he doesn't like iguanas at all
that is a silly reason . my parents said i am too ocd for siblings .
that's a little selfish of them , i reckon
i scrub so hard in the shower it gives me sores . they did not need 2 .
why not get a house help to do that for you ?
too expensive . and my cat does not like others .
you have cats ? that's super adorable !
i said above i have a cat . i love him despite my ocd and allergies .
persona
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i love to read crime novels.
i am a zookeeper.
my favorite animal is the panda.
persona II
i've reached 50k subscribers !.
through them i've learned to make up myself and others.
i started taking beauty classes too.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
dialogue
i just got my 50 , 000th follower ! ! yes !
wow , are you . . . justin bieber ?
no , i wish ! i am a makeup artist , i make tutorials !
that's so awesome ! you must be the master at contouring !
yes , i like to watch a lot of videos on youtube !
neat ! i've 3 toes . . . i guess there is no makeup that can hide that fact . .
i have learned a trick or two through watching , i can help ! i take classes too .
wow , you are the only person that has told me that . . .
oh really ? ! i'm glad , you should let me make you over !
i will ! i think it will totally improve my self esteem at the beach !
it totally will , i guarantee it ! i cannot wait !
me too ! i will just read my crime novels in the meantime !
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i was born 20 years ago.
i live in the usa.
i love pizza.
persona II
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i own a hearse.
i work in a craft store.
i like alternative rock.
i love to crochet.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hello , i am fine how about you . whats your favorite color , mine is blue
i like the color yellow better .
that's cool . i am 20 years old , how about you ?
i am 30 , i like arts and crafts
me too . but i like to play music better
i love alternative rock the best
where do you live , i live near chicago
i live near mexico where i crochet .
what is crochet ? pizza is my favorite food
it is like knitting .
oh okay . i made the transitioned to female 3 years ago
that is awesome i love halloween .
i hate halloween , i am 20 years old
persona
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i was born in san francisco.
i've one sister.
i am traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
persona II
i'm looking to start a business.
i like to get involved in politics.
i have a brand new chevrolet.
i am a big sports fan.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
dialogue
hows it going ? looking for work at all ?
pretty good thx and you ?
enjoying the day with friends
i work as a farm tech yeah
ah okay i'm starting up a new company and looking for some people to hire
where are you based out of ?
i'm out of dc
oh i'm in san fran anyway
nice all my favorite sports teams are there
do you have any pets ?
not any actual pets , i call my new chevrolet my pet . do you ?
i got some labradors yeah
persona
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
this season , i'll become a playoff quarterback.
last season i was just getting started.
i play quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i just started dating someone new.
i am in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i'm a student.
dialogue
hello ! what are your plans for the weekend ?
hi , practicing more , i'm a quarterback for the philly eagles .
its that time of year . getting ready for a date with a new guy tonight
that sounds fun . i will be playing in the playoffs this season .
he's a vegan as well as myself , so at least we have that in common
are you a raw vegan ? i'm . meat smells .
yes ! when i graduate i want to teach kindergarten .
last season i just began philly eagles ; this is my 2nd year .
good team . we like the colts
have you always wanted to teach ?
yes for as long as i can remember
that is great to have lifetime plans on what you want to be
yes , i'm happy for the choice i have made
well , have to go , enjoyed the chat , take care .
persona
i work at a museum.
i like to go to the park.
i read a lot.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
i do not have a lot of friends.
persona II
i play the drums.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
i work at the pizza parlor.
i'm the oldest of three boys.
my mother was a single mother.
dialogue
hi how are you today
good , i have a job at a local museum
that is a nice job to have i make pizza at a pizza place in chicago
well i prefer trips to the local park
that sounds like a fun thing to do in downtime . i am a drummer in a rock band
bop bop bp , cool . lets just say i read quite a lot !
what kind of books do you like to read ?
wheelchairs books , as i am in a wheelchair and stuck there .
that sounds miserable being stuck in a wheelchair
lets just say that with friend , i do not have many
that isn't cool sometimes friends can be great do you have any siblings
reading a lot is what i like to do .
you can learn a lot from reading
wheel chairs maybe ? , as i ; m in one , stuck here
do you have any siblings ? i'm the oldest of 3 brothers
no . going to the park is all i like
persona
i've trouble losing weight.
i'm a very short woman.
i do not cook and usually eat out.
i love animals.
persona II
i've my own greenhouse.
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i like to garden.
i'm a fruitarian.
dialogue
hi how ar you doing
hello there . i'm doing very well thank you . how are you doing ?
i am good what are your hobbies
what are some things you are interested in or hobbies ?
i own a greenhouse so i love to garden
that's awesome . i'd love to have a greenhouse .
its really nice gardening is so relaxing
what type of food do you like ? i hate cooking , so i tend to eat out .
i eat a lot of vegan foods i grow fruits and vegetables in my greenhouse
i need to eat more veggies . maybe it would help me lose the excess weight .
are you trying to lose weight
yes , but i have a lot of trouble losing the weight .
do you like to exercise that coul help
i exercise some , but not enough . my short stature doesn't help either .
ah i try to go on walks its relaxing and probably good exercise too
walking is good but in my neighborhood , its not always safe .
persona
i like to play outside.
i like to dance.
i am a girl.
i'm in preschool.
persona II
i got married 10 years later.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i was the first born child.
i was a slave for 10 years.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hi how are you today
today was my first day of preschool there where lots of other little girls too .
are you a preschooler then ?
yes . i got to play outside , i like that alot .
i do outside things too i am a carpenter
i went to dance too . i really like that .
are you an only child ?
yes . i want a sister though .
you should ask mommy and daddy nicely
i will do that later on . i hope they say yes .
be careful in life . i was a slave for ten years
do you have a sister or a brother ?
i am not sure i was in slavery
that does not sound good . do you remember being little ?
persona
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i am often late for class.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i want a porsche.
persona II
i'm scared of left turns.
i've four siblings.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i think i am failing my women studies class.
dialogue
hey , whats going on today ?
good ! a little sleepy , i stayed up late looking at the stars .
i'm tired , too . up late studying for my women studies class . i think i'm failing .
i'm probably failing too , i'm always late so who knows what i missed .
i should have picked a different elective , i guess .
my dog does not care if i fail , as long as he gets cuddles .
that is sweet . each of my four siblings has a pet . maybe i should get one , too .
you should , and i should get a porsche .
that's out of my league . i drive a honda civic .
hondas are nice cars , and i cannot afford it i just want one .
i would probably wreck it . i'm terrified of making left turns . i would be a great ups employee .
i'm short , so that car would suit me . i get made fun of all the time .
there's nothing wrong with being short . what color car do you want ? mine is blue .
i mean i cannot even reach the cookies in my kitchen ! haha .
persona
i like to play soccer.
i have a golden retriever.
i have a little sister.
my favorite subject in school is math.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
persona II
i work out daily.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
i like watching sports.
ferrari is my favorite car company.
i own many cars.
dialogue
i love cars . ferrari is one of my favorites
cool . i love soccer and dogs
i watch all kinds of sports , do you play or watch
yes , i play soccer and football
i exercise every day at the gym
you must be pretty healthy . my little sister is the same way
wealth does have its privileges , but i watch mostly baseball
not a huge fan of baseball
apps . should say basketball . my far
okay i watch a little basketball every now and then
do you play at all
sometimes , when i take my dog to the park
cool , i used to play got injured though
what happened to you ? hurt a leg or something ?
broke an ankle . very painful
ouch ! just thinking about it hurts
persona
my favorite color is blue.
my hair is long and blonde.
cooking is my passion.
my mother died when i was a child.
persona II
i am currently listening to bach.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i graduated from princeton.
i love to watch the voice.
i travel at least once a year.
dialogue
i am listening to bach right now
that sounds relaxing . i am thinking about what to make for dinner .
you should while watching the voice with me
i used to watch the voice with my mom .
i went to princeton then travel every year to museums
that sounds fancy . i went to brown but i hate museums
yes its expensive but i'm rich
i like to cook do you ?
i do not like i feel lazy everytime
if you are rich i guess you can just pay someone to do it for you
yes i know but i love doing it
fair . it is definitely my passion
yes i know just tell me before that
do you do any physical activities
no because i'm disabled
oh no , i'm sorry . there are plenty of accessible activities , though .
persona
people say i have a cute laugh.
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
persona II
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am a hardcore biker.
i got a girlfriend last month.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing this evening ?
hello there ! i'm a bit busy cooking for my family and friends haha . you ?
what are you cooking ? i m just relaxing at home after a long day
just some lasagna ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i love biking , spending time outdoors , and hanging with my girlfriend . what about you ?
i work at a publishing company so i love reading and writing !
that s a neat job ! do you have any favorite book genres in particular ?
non fiction autobiographies are my favorite !
very cool ! do you have any favorite foods ?
italian food is my favorite ! how about yourself ?
i love eating pancakes . they re my favorite breakfast food ever .
haha there is never a wrong time for breakfast food !
persona
i work from home.
i love reading.
i have a cat as a pet.
i love comics.
my favorite band is nightwish.
persona II
i am a violinist.
my mother was a nurse.
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i'm gong to adopt a dog very soon.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great , how about yourself ?
pretty good just doing some research on adopting a dog .
that's cool . my cat is my coworker lol
do you work at home ?
yes and i love it . i can read my comics which i love doing .
i wish i worked from home . i would have more time to practice violin .
there are so many things you can do when you work at home .
my mother didn't work at home either . she was a nurse .
that's a good practice . she must be a caring person .
she's wonderful ! what kind of food do you like ?
all kinds . my favorite is chinese though . how about you ?
i am starting to really love indian food lately !
its a little too spicy for me . what kind of music do you like ?
classical . i've been playing the violin since i was four . you ?
nightwish is my favorite band . i do not know how to play anything .
persona
my favorite band is u2.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my life s passion is designer french fries.
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
persona II
i had a gig at local theater last night.
i come from a small town.
i work as a stand up comedian.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
i'm doing quite well . how are you ?
doing good . had a good gig last night . had people laughing so hard
that's awesome ! i'm the leader of the french fry dep at del taco
i am a stand up comedian if you didn't guess even had some small roles on tv
wonderful ! i love to listen to u2 band .
they played at the local theater i gig before , even though i am from a small town
i love my job at del taco , it keeps me busy .
i am so glad . what would you recommend from the menu ?
i am quite passionate about designing french fries , i'd recommend our famous taco .
i did not know they sold french fries at del taco
oh yes it has been newly added to the menu .
wow . they're really broadening their horizons
yes they're . my job is my life .
persona
i enjoy being outside.
i love to swim.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
i love the color pink.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
pizza is my favorite food.
i'm single and not looking.
my favorite subject in school was science.
dialogue
how are you doing ?
doing great ! spent the weekend outside and swimming . i love both !
that sounds cool . i am more a reader i love suspense novels
i enjoy reading too ! i think next weekend gonna paint my room pink . my fav color
red is mines . i am bout to order some pizza . i can eat pizza all day
yum ! pizza is good ! do you enjoy music ?
yes i do all types how bout
i know kinda cheesy but i adore britney spears .
lol . what was favorite subject in school mines was science
i think mine would have to be science as well . what do u do for work ?
i'm not employed at this time . i'm also single lol
aw were you in a recent relationship ?
yes it went bad but its ok . i'm not looking . u ?
i'm married . almost twenty yrs now !
congrats . my mother is a cancer survivor . i am happy she's still around
that is amazing ! i can she's one strong lady !
persona
i like to swim.
i eat large meals.
i'm in college.
i exercise everyday.
i'm a social butterfly.
persona II
i am a student.
i also like ice cream.
i like painting , i can cook well.
i like cookies.
i like pasta.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
hi i am doing great how are you
i'm good ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pasta .
i eat very healthy and in large amounts at a time so anything with protein
oh . . . i like ice cream and cookies . i'm fat .
i'm a fitness buff i love working out did it everyday
i'm so busy with school that i don't have time to work out .
i understand that i've many friends in school they're always studying
i paint in my free time what do you do ?
i swim and go to social events
ah , cool ! i like to swim also .
i live near an indoor pool so i can swim year round
lucky ! i am so jealous .
maybe you can find one near you they are more common now
yes but i'm lazy and don't want to drive to one .
oh ok . what are you studying in school
persona
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wish i could live in iceland.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
persona II
my parents own a business that i m now running.
i like fitness.
i am traveling to barbados next month.
i am a travel agent.
dialogue
hey whats going on ? how are you ?
i am great . i am just waiting to see what happens .
yeah ? i like to travel . do you ?
i would if i could . i want to see iceland .
i enjoy cold winters . i can arrange a trip for you , if you like ?
are you a travel agent
i happen to be a travel agent . my parents passed the business to me .
that is really cool . are you good at it ?
nah . not really . travel agencies are a dying business . what do you do ?
i work in an office
do you like it ? i can't stand staying in one place to long .
i don't like it . i want to do something else .
what would you rather do ?
i would be in a rock band
persona
i love the natural world beauty.
i practice yoga and hike.
my family is poor.
i believe in fairytales.
i am obsessed with animals.
persona II
i like to drink.
i write childrens books.
i live alone.
i shop online , too much.
i don't believe in love.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
i'm just hanging out with the fairies .
fairies ? i just started a childrens book about fairies .
yes . i believe in them and all fairytales .
what is your favorite fairytale ?
cinderella . since my family is so poor .
i would not be so poor if i would quit shopping on amazon . i love it !
i spend most time out doors doing yoga and hiking .
i spend most of mine shopping online and enjoying a good toddy .
i spend it in the natural world enjoying its beauty .
it is beautiful outside . fairies live outside in flowers .
right ! and all the amazing animals outside .
persona
i love eating kale.
i have two cats.
i have two children under ten.
i m in love with adam levine.
persona II
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
she died when i was 18.
my mother is from russia.
she taught me to cook.
i have a dog.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
hi . i'm well . how about yourself ?
pretty good . i probably should go take my dog out for a walk soon .
i have a couple of cats . i love teasing them . so what do you do for fun ?
not much time for fun , i run my own restaurant .
what kind of restaurant ? chinese ? mexican ? italian ?
actually , i specialize in russian food . my mom was born there .
so what kind of food is that ? goulash ?
oh geez , don't make me google it lol . but my mother taught me how to cook .
haha . i didn't want to get too specific . i like russian girls . sexy accent
if you like beets and cabbage , you should come by . what do you do for fun
i dream of being friends with adam levine . he's my man crush . i read a lot
my mother liked to read a lot , but she passed just after my eighteenth birthday .
i am so sorry to hear tha . she sounds like a saint .
thanks , but the inheritance allowed me to open a restaurant when i was 21 .
wow i wish i'd have been doing something cool at 21
persona
i work for a government agency.
i like sports.
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer baseball over football.
persona II
i live in seattle.
i'm a software engineer.
i work at google.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
i started at google on an internship.
dialogue
hi ! how is it going today ?
great just waiting for my pizza to arrive . . you ?
oh cool , i'm at work killing time . haha i work for google .
nice i work for a government subsidiary
that sounds like a good job . i work as a software engineer at googles seattle office .
nice i fill my free time with sports
i just ate a big lunch of lobster , my absolute favorite seafood .
i played baseball in college hate football
that is great , did you get a scholarship ? i was an intern before i got hired here .
i blew out . my knee after my scholarship
oh no ! sorry to hear that .
it happens i still keep active but not as much
yeah that would be tough . i have had good luck with my health .
it was the only major injury i ever had
persona
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i've 2 kids.
i'm a female.
i hate tomatoes.
i'm very short.
persona II
i love country music.
i love dancing.
i have a farm with pigs , horses and hens.
i love animals.
dialogue
hi ! a country girl here who lives on a farm . who are you ?
hey i'm lynn ! i'm making tomato soup for my 2 girls , but i don't like tomatoes
haha , that's funny . i grow my own vegetables , tomatoes , too .
more power to you ! what do you do for a living
we raise animals . we have got horses , pigs and more . how about you ?
that sounds fun ! i work at home . i'm wheelchair bound so i cannot do much .
that's sad . did you have an accident ?
yeah , a bad car wreck . i lost my legs , so i am super short now .
so sorry to hear that . were you driving or a passenger ?
i was driving . the cars breaks went out .
that is scary . . . do you still have some pain ?
i do some times but its not as bad anymore .
persona
i have a dog named bob.
i enjoy fishing.
i am a closet cannibal.
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i live on an island.
persona II
my father is a retired police officer.
i clean houses for extra money.
i have bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
i've been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi ! i am great thanks , how are you ?
i am doing well , not that i am off work .
i hear that ! i am just hanging with my dog bob , online shopping .
what are you shopping for ?
i'm looking at some new fishing lures and poles . i love to fish .
fishing is a hobby of mine too , so is bowling .
cool ! fishing is so relaxing . i am also building my own boat .
that sounds interesting , are you a boat builder ?
i'm ! not full time , but i build on weekends . island life .
i'd love to live on an island , but i'm still scared to move out .
it was scary , because there's no bridge you need a boat , but i love it .
i was held hostage last year . i moved in with my dad immediately after .
oh my goodness ! i am sorry to hear that but i am glad you are okay .
thank you , daddy is a retired cop . he's my bodyguard .
cannot beat that ! i am sure he's happy to keep you safe .
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i live near a park.
i don't have a car.
i listen to podcasts.
i do not have any children.
persona II
i'm six feet tall.
i like to dance with my friends.
i love to be run.
i've a family that are all tall.
i really like to go to school.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
i'm doing well thank you ! just finished my walk through the park around my area . you ?
i just got home from school where we had a dance . my friends were awesome
that's great ! do you have a car ?
no , but i'm into running
that's great of you . i walk while listening to podcasts . are you into them ?
no not really . i do like youtube though
that too is great . i love watching comedy . . .
i love a good comedy . isn't there a comedy about someone being 6 feet tall ?
i am sure there is . comedians talk about anything .
my whole family is tall and being a girl that is 6 feet tall is rare
that is rare but awesome . do you have any children . i plan to someday
no and what about you ?
no kids yet . but yes , i would love to have some someday .
persona
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i love photography.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
i do not like waking up early.
i love the sound of the rain.
persona II
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
i am allergic to milk.
i do not like the beach.
i am a writer.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
how are you today
i'm good what hobbies do you have
i'm doing great today and you i like to bake and decorate cakes
i am currently a writer but my dream is to be an actress
i want to open a homeless shelter
that is nice what got you involved with that
i have a big heart and i hate seeing people on the streets
that is so nice wat kinds of food do you like ?
i love sea food its my favorite
i like seafood too i'm allergic to dairy so some foods are hard to eat
i love crabs and shrimp that my favorite
i like seafood but i hate the beach lol
oh i love the beach
persona
i like snowboarding.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
i've been in 3 triathlons.
my daughter just graduated college.
persona II
i m from seattle.
i work in public relations.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite band is bon over.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
dialogue
hi seattle is my hometown and you ?
chicago is mine . which is good in winter for snow boarding .
buddhist are my parents , wow you
chicago is mine . which is good in winter for snow boarding .
i'm actually and really a vegan
i'm buddhist also . fun fact .
public is where i work , like relationships
i run almost three miles a day and i hate it
why do you run that long ?
i try to do triathlons . keeps me healthy .
wow , that all i wanted to do when i retire
my kid just graduated college and that make me feel old
oh , it is normal but maintain a healthy lifestyle and you re be fine
my kid just graduated college and that make me feel old
oh , it is normal but maintain a healthy lifestyle and you re be fine
i try to remind myself of that often
persona
i joined a new team last month.
i am a soccer player.
nike cleats are my favorite.
my number is 42.
i am a goalie.
persona II
i'm a financial analyst for a brewery.
i've been married for 6 years.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i've been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
dialogue
hi . . how was your weekend ?
it was great . i had a game this saturday
what do you play usually
i'm the goalie on a soccer team
interesting . . i used to play when i was in school
cool do you remember your number ? mine is 42
mine is 5 . . i liked it much
do you have any hobbies
cooking , driving . . going into nature
i like to cook too . . . lasagna is my fave
i like pasta much and i like fusion
are you married ? any kids ?
ya . . . married almost 6 years . . but no kids
awesome i am single , still looking for the one .
all the best for your search
i appreciate that , thank you
persona
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i like swimming.
i only have three best friends.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
persona II
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to make cookies.
i like to train dogs.
i like bagels with everything on them.
dialogue
do you own any pets ?
no i'm into video games and sports cars
what types of video games ?
anything that involves race cars
adrenaline , nice . i am a dog trainer
i have three best friends and two of them have beagles
that is cool ! where do you live ?
i live in california with my mom and grandparents .
me too , maybe we can meet up over some bagels
who knows i love swimming but i am only fourteen years old
then maybe we can bake cookies ?
yes , i am a girl who bakes and researches cars all the time
i love baking , and for drinks ? i love coke , u ?
i like to share fanta orange with my best friends .
well , it was nice talking to ya
you should take your dogs swimming . nice talking to you
persona
my favorite artist was prince.
i am mixed with puerto rican and chinese.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
i like listening to blues music.
i am from germany.
persona II
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i can t stand pizza.
i like to read.
i don t own a television.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ? i am pretty down girlfriend dumped me
hi how are you i am sorry to hear that you'll be okay .
i hope so . what do you do for work ? i teach art
i can not work any more sweetie disabled art is great .
sorry to hear that do you like books ? i love them
me too my favorite one is the bible .
that's a good one . what do you have planned this weekend ?
it is true i am originally from germany and you ?
i live in colorado how was germany ?
it was okay but i am in new jersey now like it better .
yea do not blame you . there's a lot to do there
my best artist was prince he will be missed and yours ?
i like rock the lead from linkin park recently took his own life
oh my i like to hear a lot of blues music too .
i never really listened to much of that
it is just what they call it blues not happy music .
persona
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i was born in san francisco.
i've one sister.
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
persona II
i feel that i can t live up to many people s standards.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
dialogue
my parents are hard to please , i live up to their standards
then you should walk your own path .
my biggest fear is they will reject me
don't fear rejection . keep you chin up and go to paris .
which makes me really unsure of myself and feelings
you need a dog in your life . they're awesome for these kind of moments .
i sometimes think of what it would be like to be a different gender
maybe i can make a drug that can help you realize your thought .
i do not really know who or what i am attracted too
then go on a journey of self discovery . i am doing that this year .
do you think i could live up to your standards
the only standard i've is to be yourself . its the best way to live life .
i don't like to go on journeys
why not ? journeys have no standards . they only have moments .
persona
i am a professional gamer.
i love to play league of legends.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i am currently single but i am ready to mingle.
i love dogs.
persona II
i really like watching star trek.
i work for the railroad.
i'm an omnivore.
i like eating pretzels.
my favorite band is vnv nation.
dialogue
do you like sci fi ?
yes i do whats your favorite show
star trek . what about you ?
i love star wars
i've been working on the railroad isn't only a song it actually describes me . l
aww do you like your job i play videogames for a living
that sounds alot more fun than what i do .
it is fun do you like video games ? my favorite is league of legends
not really a fan of video games personally .
oh ok i also like going to the park to walk
what is your favorite snack food ?
i like nachos whats yours
rod pretzels with a lot of salt .
those are good too . do you have any pets
well nice chatting with you .
nice talking to you too . bye
persona
i used to work for monsanto.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i enjoy shopping online.
i am a mother.
i enjoy swimming.
persona II
i drive a blue honda civic.
i m scared of left turns.
i have four siblings.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
dialogue
do you want one of my siblings ?
i would love one , i'm a great mom
great pick one , there are four
fantastic , thank you . this is easier than shopping on amazon
i have a job now , but i am scared to get there
why are you scared to get there ?
there are a lot of left turns
ah ok . i quit my job last year so i have no turns
i hate it , it is fast food
i hear that . what do you like to do for fun ?
i like eating , not going to school , etc
do you like to read ?
sometimes , when i am not driving my car
i just read the whole lord of the rings series
persona
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i am a humble baker.
i look forward to retiring.
persona II
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i care about the way i look when i m in public.
i shop online a lot.
i always think people are looking at me.
i think i m fabulous.
dialogue
hey ! what is going on ?
i love my wife she makes me smile all the time
that is so incredible . i love to hear that
i love baking , not an expert but popular among my friends
very nice . i don't do too much for fun . i like to shop on the internet
you have a wife ? my children makes me smile all the time too .
i'm a single female actually . but i'm fabulous !
what do you buy online ? i wish i can shop all day online .
cute clothes and makeup . i like to look good
when i retire , that's what i'll do , shop online all day .
you should . are you good looking ?
what is your favorite band of clothes ?
i love gucci and juicy couture . have to have the best
i'm very good looking ! but i'm not looking !
haha i get you . i consider myself very beautiful
my wife loves gucci ! you have good taste !
persona
i am 25 years old.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
we live in an apartment.
i take her to the park.
persona II
i drive a truck.
i've a beard.
i live on a farm.
i graduated high school.
dialogue
howdy friend . how are you ?
i'm tired ! long day of work . how are you ?
tired as well from all the farmwork . even my beard hurts .
do you have to walk up 6 flights of stairs ? i do to my apartment
oh wow , i drive my truck right into my house . jealous ?
i do ! less walking . just wish my boyfriend will find a job .
he can work on my farm , plenty of work there . is he strong
kinda . we go to park a lot to exercise . mix things up .
sounds fun . my wife is too big to exercise . not good
how old are you ? i am 25 and we like to keep in shape .
i am 41 . i am fit from the farm . i keep busy
nice to hear . how big is your farm ? not much space in our apartment .
my farm is huge . many animals and a wife .
that is great . just a boyfriend here
persona
i graduated high school in 1986.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i play piano.
i am doing financial business now.
i've a ten year old son.
persona II
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i work 9 to 5 job.
i like to cook.
my family owned a small restaurant.
dialogue
i'm lucky i get off work by five everyday , cooking is boring .
i'm lucky since i got to play the piano all day . do you have kids ?
not yet . i am hoping to open a bakery someday though .
maybe i could help since i do financial business ? !
that would be great ! tired of working in the family business .
speaking of family , i have a son , he's 10 .
just one ? does he like math and money too ?
yes . when did you graduate ? i did in 1986 .
i never graduated from college , always worked at our family restaurant .
what do you want to do when you retire ? a music teacher for me .
just as soon as i open my bakery , that is where i'll stay until i die .
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
it is getting late , i need to be to work by none tomorrow , getting sleepy .
okay , nice chatting with you !
you too . make some decent investments for your clients tomorrow .
thank you . i hope you get to open your bakery soon !
persona
i speak fluent german.
my mom and dad are both red headed.
i wish i was a tiger.
i tell bad jokes on purpose.
i am six feet tall.
persona II
i own a cleaning company.
i enjoy cooking.
my mother was a teacher.
i am married.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
good . how are you doing ?
good , just finished reading message in a bottle again . what are you doing ?
working on bad jokes . i tell them often .
really ? i would love to hear one !
soon as i am finished . btw i an 6 ft . tall .
that's nice . but i already have a husband . xd
did i mention that my folks have red hair ?
cool , where are you from ?
germany . i speak the language fluently .
wow , my mother taught high school german . i don't speak a lick . lol
that is ok . i don't get to speak it often .
be careful . you might lose it .
i know . i have to find ways to speak it more .
yeah , maybe you can become a translator or something . what do you do ?
i work in it . human resources .
persona
i am a professional skittles player.
i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
my favorite mob player is barolo colon.
persona II
i have been published in the new yorker magazine.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i'm a gourmet cook.
i've perfect pitch.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ?
i'm great , what do you do for a living ?
i cook , actually . gourmet ! what about you ?
my jobs is kind of odd . i work with skittles
that sounds fun to me . what do you do in your free time ?
i like anime cartoons and sports . mainly baseball
cool . any special talents ?
nothing besides being the skittle king , what about you ?
haha , that's impressive enough ! hm . . . my pitch is perfect
wow , that's something i'd like to see
well , i would be happy to show you .
cool , sounds like fun to me
persona
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i love trips to the beach.
i m in my last year of grad school.
i m the world s best aunt.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i don t have children.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
good and i hope you are as well .
i'm thank you , i was getting ready to do some shopping .
shopping is always fun ! i love going to the beach .
no beaches here , so i hit the pool every thursday for 3 hours
i just like the energy of being at the beach . not the water lol
lol do you like to do yoga , it is very relaxing i think
love it . that's when i meditate .
do you have any kids , i do not have any .
i have two and it feels like ten sometimes ha .
lol . i have a lot of nieces and nephews i get it
i like to pretend that i am the favorite aunt with mine lol
i know i'm since i'm the only aunt they have .
no competition then . pets ? i've a dog .
persona
i enjoy playing video games.
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i enjoy listening to country music.
i'm in college.
i live life to its fullest.
persona II
i'm very smart.
i love to drink whiskey.
i wear contacts.
i work as a janitor.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
how is your weekend so far ?
it has been good . living life and yours ?
i have the day off so that's good
what do you do for work ?
i clean up after people . not great but it pays the bills
yeah we do what we have to sometimes .
but it is the weekend . so i have a good whiskey waiting for me after dinner
yeah i do not drink . odd one at my school .
what kind of school do you attend ?
in college . got a awful job myself .
what kind of job is it
work at a scrub way .
i lost a contact this morning
that is no good . have glasses ?
yeah but they are a bother , do you wear glasses ?
reading glasses sometimes . can get headaches .
persona
i live on a pig farm.
i wish that i lived in the city.
i have allergies.
i dislike animals.
i am a vegetarian.
persona II
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
dialogue
hello how are u doing tonight
doing well , thank you . living on a farm now .
i work in a veterinarians office would love to be on a farm
come here and take my place ! this is a pig farm !
i'd have room for my dogs to run
yes you'd . i so don't care for animals !
i've 2 dogs and three cats i'm a animal lover
that's cool . i only eat vegetables . a kind of animal lover perhaps .
i've to leave my dogs at home when i go visit my parents though
that's sad . i'd watch them for you , but allergies make it hard .
my mom is allergic to dogs and that makes me sad i love my dogs
dogs and pigs get along . you should bring them to this pig farm .
i don't think i could handle the smell of a pig farm
yeah , maybe you are spoiled city slicker . pigs are smarter than dogs you know ?
persona
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
my mother is from russia.
i have a dog.
she taught me to cook.
persona II
i dropped out of high school.
i can read in english and french.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i love to read.
i read three books a week.
dialogue
i don't regret my g . e . d .
hi , i have a restaurant what type of food do you like ?
i love bbq but don't know how to order it in french
do you like dogs ? i have one .
i have 2 one named tyron the other dalek
i am russian and my mother too , she taught me russian food
i been reading since 3 years old
that's a funny name for a dog , where did you get that idea ?
i read minimum 3 books a week and t came from game of thrones
no wonder you have a great imagination
and d is from dr who
oh wow , what would be a good name for a dog from russia ?
shar for maria sharipova she pretty too
you can give me some ideas ?
she's a great tennis player and my dogs love tennis balls
wow , that's a great idea ! you want to work in my restaurant ?
persona
i hate mexican food.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
i like to eat cheetos.
i have went to mexico 4 times this year.
persona II
i am looking for someone.
i work for an architect firm.
i enjoy fishing.
i've three dogs.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
hello . i am a little sad today . and you ?
i'm sorry to hear that . i'm kind of aggro today .
why ? my wife is wanting a divorce
i like things to go smoothly in my life . my workflow feels wrong today . uninspired .
i am sorry . she is leaving me because i vacationed 4 times in mexico this year .
yeah . that will do it . why did not you take her with you ?
she only wants to eat mexican food when we go . i hate it .
huh . she wants to eat mexican food in mexico . i'm shocked , fool .
please do not call me names .
chill out . not a big deal . you like fishing ?
sorry i am just emotional about my wife . yes . i love fishing .
is your wife hot ? just wondering .
she eats a lot of mexican food . use your imagination .
persona
i like video games.
my mother worked for apple.
i've never been employed.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i am diabetic.
persona II
i work in a doctor s office.
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i am studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
i only wear silver jewelry.
dialogue
what is up ? you a freak ?
no i'm not a freak , are you ? do you work ?
i work in it at an office . you ?
i don't work at all , but i know a lot about video games !
nice ! what games do you play ?
i'm addicted to play station games like fifa and gta .
i need to get a console . i keep blowing money on tattoos though .
well tattoos can look very hot on people if they're done well .
all of mine are on my feet . i also believe vampires are real apparently .
oh i don't know much about vampires . tell me about this phenomenon .
ah . yes . they fear silver . a quick way to exterminate them is with a wooden stake .
i heard about the stake , but is that to be done through the heart ?
yes . they can also be decapitated .
diabetics can die if that stuff goes wrong .
i did not know that . but i should know .
oh tell me about being a vampire and holding a job .
persona
i own a hearse.
i work in a craft store.
i like alternative rock.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i love to crochet.
persona II
my favorite sport is football.
i recently bought a camper.
i'm former military.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i drive a truck for a living.
dialogue
hi , how are you ! tell me something about you .
i'm cleaning my hearse to set up for my favorite holiday , halloween !
oh cool ! what are you going as this year ?
i'm not sure . maybe someone from a rock band . i adore alternative rock .
that's cool , i like football and going camping myself . what do you do for a living ?
my job is at a craft store and i enjoy crocheting . what about you ?
i used to be in the military , now i'm retired .
that's cool . thank you for your service .
of course , i also drive a truck part time for a living
how do you like that ?
its good , i get to travel to other states sometimes which i enjoy .
that must be fun . i'd like to travel .
it is fun where would you travel to if you could ?
every state in the united states
persona
i'm a technician.
i love history.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
my mother was an rn.
persona II
i go to multiple comic cons.
my job involves building drones.
i am an anime fan.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
dialogue
hi there how are you
hello , i am doing great . how are you ?
i am doin really good wyd
just about to put my daughter down for a nap , you ?
doing a lil multi tasking ?
that is the life of a mom lol !
being a mom is undervalued in my opinion
it can be . my mom worked as an rn and took care of my siblings and i .
always say everyone does not deserves to have kids but you sound as if you do
www , well thank you very much !
i'm a very old soul
what do you mean by that ?
persona
i have 5 brothers and sisters.
i live in north dakota.
i work as a waitress.
i like to draw.
persona II
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i have 3 children.
i love cheese cake.
i like to run.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
dialogue
good morning how is everything ?
things are great here in north dakota . where are you ?
me and my 3 children are in california
how old are your children ? i have none but a lot of brothers and sisters .
they're 5 years old and by o twins
wow , that sounds like a lot of work ? are you a stay at home mom dad ?
i work out of town 30 miles away . i commute 300 miles a week
what do you do ? i'm a waitress at the moment .
that is a fun job you get to meet different people
as long as they tip well then it is fun .
yes that helps pay the bills and for pleasure activities
i like draw in my spare time . do you have any hobbies ?
yes i like outdoor activities hiking and running
after being on my feet all day i am not into hiking or running but good for you .
well deserts are fun too like cheese cake
we serve 5 kinds of cheesecake at the restaurant where i work
persona
i live in chicago.
i am married with 2 kids.
i do yoga three times a week.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
persona II
i love all animals.
my favorite music is country.
i am a vegan.
i used to work as an actress.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
just finished my morning yoga session , i feel all stretched up for the day , you ?
i love yoga . i was just finishing a vegetable shake .
how healthy , i've to add fruit , otherwise it tastes to earthy . haha
i love the taste of the earth .
well through a strawberry and some pineapple in mine , i am not brave enough haha
it takes some time to become used to it .
well , i'll try it , chicago has a bunch of earthy eateries around .
i have heard that to be true .
yeah i'll take my family my hubby may like it , not sure about our kids though .
i've always wanted kids . that's great that you can share it with younger folks .
yes , i will just say its a trend or something , they will find it on youtube i'm sure ! haha !
they usually do . ll . kids .
i volunteer for the red cross so i get plenty of other kids with big ideas !
that sounds so lovely . i'll bet that's fun .
it is , i am going down to florida next week to help out .
persona
my favorite animal is the panda.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
i am a zookeeper.
persona II
i m a simple man.
i can t eat them but they re pretty.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i like fishing.
i usually catch sunfish.
dialogue
hi . i love catching sunfish and am a simple guy
hi how are you today
fish are pretty but unfortunately i cant eat them
why can you not eat them
that's a good question . but i do like beer and creeks .
do you drink them at the creeks
yes . and fish there . but i don't know why
are you made of fish then
haha . no . i don't think so . but i think they are pretty
yeah they have great scales
yes ! my chihuahua is stubborn
have to discipline those dogs
they're little boogers ! stinkin dogs
i work at the zoo though
persona
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
persona II
i love rap music.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
i'm a paramedic.
i am single.
dialogue
my favorite music is rap , currently single , working as a paramedic and you ?
hi how are you today ?
i keep my mom busy , do you know how ?
how do you do that eh
i'm fine , by talking to her every day over the phone
yeah i bet she tells you to just text
just a little love and you can do that
true did you go to college ?
what do you do for a living ? did you remember what i do ?
i study to be a teacher
yes , i graduated from college years ago and you ?
i will soon , i study to be teacher
great career , you must be very smart .
or a fool of a took
do you listen to rap music ?
sometimes but mostly metal music
persona
i have a terrible singing voice.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
persona II
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i am allergic to seafood.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
i own a iphone 7.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight !
hello , i am a bad singer
lol , ok , well i am a big fan of comedy , how about you ?
comedy is cool , i a a cook tho
i like cooking , just no seafood , allergic
that's awesome , sometimes i sing .
nice , i used to be in a choir , but that was a long time ago
really now ? the grateful dead , i used to follow them
hmm , my dad really likes them , went to a concert for them recently
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
red , i got the red iphone 7 when it came out recently
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
that's so funny ! i was just there yesterday
i've a bad voice
hmm , were you a smoker ?
only a midnight toker haha
persona
i love my parrot , todd.
i am a disappointment to my family.
i've never been to the beach.
i love to climb.
i am the oldest of 5 children.
persona II
my daughters say i'm a great mother.
i have a family of three daughters.
i am a woman.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
dialogue
hey how are you ? my 3 daughters are driving me crazy
i am alright . 3 daughters huh ? i had 4 sisters .
yea they say i'm the best mother . but i think its my cooking and baking
i could never do those things much to my families disappointment . long line of chefs .
oh really . my mother taught me . she's from saudi arabia
do they have beaches there ? i have never been to one .
some place do . but me being a women they are pretty conservative . no bikinis
do they have any great places to rock climb there ? that's my favorite thing to do .
i am not sure . i have not been there in years . i am sure they do
what do you like to do for fun ?
baking and cooking actually . its my fav
i like going for drives with my parrot . his name is todd
persona
one day i would really like to skydive.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
when i m not touring with the band , i like to garden.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
persona II
i love to hike in the summer.
i love to ski in the winter.
my favorite band is one direction.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
dialogue
hi there i am mary from colorado
i am michael , play the drums for indie band and my brother looks like me .
are you twins ? i love to hike in the summer and ski in the winter
yes we are . one day i will skydive , but not today .
that sounds like fun , but i think i'll stick to skiing .
that is cool . i grow cucumbers when i am not on tour . love gardening .
lol that is random , but cucumbers are tasty . i like them in our cold winter
i cannot grow cucumbers in cold weather unless it is inside .
i have not heard of your band . what do you play ?
we play everything , we sometimes take requests from the patrons
do you play an instrument ? are you the vocalist ?
i am the drummer . we mostly play rock
i love the band one direction . i think harry is pretty cool .
yeah they're good too .
persona
my sister is my best friend.
i want to move to las vegas.
i want to go back to school.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
persona II
i have brown hair.
i love fall and winter.
i sometimes wonder why i m not married.
i like sleeping in.
dialogue
what color is your hair ? mine is brown .
i don't have hair . i want to go to vegas .
how are you ? just to let you know i'm single .
are you male or female ? i can not wait to go back to school .
do you use a wig ? winter and fall is my favorite season
i saw a wig on netflix . fall isn't that good .
male , college ? you do sleeping in ? i do
my sister loves me , and i love her . we are best friends .
why not ? does it get you down ?
it is just that in vegas fall causes weird people to come out . you saw right ?
i'm happy for you . love is so hard to come by .
what happened in vegas wasn't love !
nope , i didn't saw it . please tell me .
you can watch on netflix in a few years when they talk about it .
oh , i think i like what you are talking about .
you make me want to go back to college . i totally get it now .
persona
i've two border collies.
i speak french and english fluently.
i'm an artist.
i enjoy hiking.
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
persona II
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
people say i've a cute laugh.
i'm a female and love to be surrounded by males.
dialogue
hi , want to get know each other
sounds great . i live in texas but i am moving to washington soon .
dc or the state ? why are you moving ?
the state . i love the atmosphere . perfect for hiking . i love to hike .
well that's nice for you . i prefer the city
what is it about the city you love ? washington has beautiful cities , too . beautiful mountain views .
i just have a lot of friends and family i like to be close to
understandable . i've family in washington , too . my 2 border collies are my kids right now .
what do you do ? i am in publishing
an artist ! i love to sculpt and sell my pieces .
that's awesome . do you sell them online ?
i do . i have my own website and i sell a lot locally , too .
how lucky that you have been successful
have you been successful with your publishing business ?
i do okay . i'm on the low end of the ladder for now
i speak both french and english . will be helpful with selling being so close to canada
persona
my brother is in the army.
running is my way to relax.
i am a veterinarian.
i have two nephews.
persona II
i like to eat meat.
i am skilled in computer repair.
my family owns a farm.
i moved far from home.
i have red hair.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
jeremy is back from istanbul
awesome . what do you do for a living ?
i know , my nephews will be so happy to have their daddy back .
awesome . i don't see my family much . i moved pretty far away .
independence . i performed surgery today on a cow . when will you tell them ?
oh , they know . wow . i do not hear that every day .
there is more large animal specialists out here . you are happy you moved .
ok , cool . yeah , i like living in cali but miss home .
you can run more here . there's better opportunity . what did they say ?
yea , that's true . my computer repair business has many more customers .
good . who is the best ?
i just work with individuals . i enjoy working with the elderly most .
see . you are better know that you moved . they said nothing .
persona
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a cyclist.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
my father used to be a cop.
i am single.
dialogue
hi there how is it going ?
great , what are you up to ?
watching greys anatomy on hulu and you ?
i'm studying for an exam
o ok what do you do for a living ?
i'm in college , i want to teach english lit
o really i'm a waiter and english was never my strongest in school
never too late to learn . do you have any hobbies
i like biking and if eating pizza counts then that too lol its my favorite
cool we have season tickets to any baseball game
that's awesome my dad was a cop and he would get tickets for free to baseball also
growing up in syracuse all we know is baseball . buffalo bills is our fave
i am usually single and don't have many friends so don't go to sports events
so you just watch on tv huh ?
yea before i go to sleep and you ?
i'm always out and about
persona
i am a vet tech.
i'm a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i love to read.
persona II
i am seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is cayden.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm well just hanging out you
well , i am with my friend cayden . he's my best friend !
my bffs sons name is cayden ! that's funny i guess .
also , i'm a little sad
aw i'm sorry to hear that i hope you feel better
i didn't get accepted into the gifted program at my school !
well when i'm faced with troubles , i pray . works for me
do you ? maybe i will try that !
never a bad idea . do you read often ?
sometimes i do read , yes i do
cool . do you have a job ?
well , i am only 7 , so i don't !
oh seven whole years old ? you are almost a man now !
almost , but i wish time would go faster !
yeah i wish i could help ! i'm talking to many people at once !
persona
my mother lives with me.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
i like to take my dog for long walks.
i enjoy cooking for people.
persona II
i like to dance with my friends.
i really like to go to school.
i love to be run.
i've a family that are all tall.
dialogue
dancing with my friends is my thing . do you dance socially too ?
i just got back from walking my dogs , we do long walks .
going to school is something i like . how about you ?
no i do not dance but i cook , do you cook ?
yes . i cook various items . what do you cook ?
i already finished school , my mom live with me now .
i adore being run . what about you ?
mostly asian food and some mexican , and you ?
i love american , mexican , asian and italian food .
my hobby is gardening , i love flowers , do you like it ?
i have an admiration for gardening and flowers too . my family is all tall .
i enjoy walking instead of running .
what else do you like to do ?
how tall ? like giant ? or like 6 feet ?
persona
i am in high school.
i love disney movies.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i love to dance.
i'm on a competitive dance team.
persona II
i am athletic.
i am a freshman in college.
i love cats.
i've never broken a bone.
dialogue
hey there how are you today ?
good , just finished watching the little mermaid . i watch it every year !
i just got back from the soccer field had an intense game
that sounds awesome . did you win ?
we did we are so close to the state championship
congratulations . my dance team is also close to going to states .
that is good are you in college or high school
high school . i just started my senior year .
trust me you'll absolutely love college
i just hope my dorm mate loves disney as much as i do
do not get me started on the under rated skill of disney karaoke
a lot of places around here need you to be 21 to do karaoke . unfair .
that's very unfair but some colleges have nights like that for students
that would be so fun !
even as a freshman i have seen so many fun opportunities
where do you go to school ?
persona
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
i'm a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
persona II
i love chocolate.
i want to have two kids.
i can play the violin.
i'm from georgia.
dialogue
hello , where are you from ? i live in the great state of georgia
pennsylvania . it is a great place to live since i love to hike .
are you married or have kids ?
no . i just graduated and started a job as an accountant 3 months ago .
i really want to get married and have a couple of kids
i do too , someday . i am too busy with the new career right now .
i enjoy playing a few tunes on my violin , especially when i eat chocolate
i only eat dairy free chocolate as a vegan . violin sounds fun .
i understand that very well , careers can be challenging
what do you do for a living ?
i work in a funeral home as a make up artist
my mother works in fashion so i know a lot about make up work .
so maybe one day we could get married and have a couple kids together
not until my career is firmly under control . how old are you ?
persona
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
i've 3 dogs and a parrot.
my left knee is filled with metal.
my family means the world to me.
persona II
i've found the cure for the common cold.
my nickname is bubblegum.
my brother and i have bright red hair.
i love to sing in the shower.
dialogue
hey , how are you today
doing great . enjoying my dogs company this afternoon . you have any ?
yes i've one dog . i've mostly been working on curing the common code
oh . are you a doctor ? my left knee is full of metal parts
that sucks . i would like to be a doctor someday
do you enjoy listening to music ? i love jazz , from when i was a little girl
i like any song that's fun to sing in the shower lol
my parrot sings too . i sing to my family , they mean the world to me
me and my brother were both red headed . we are a lot a like
my husband is a red head ! every wednesday .
haha . he calls me bubble gum
we play bingo , every wednesday . bubble gum ? haha , that is pink
he is always telling me that i've a pink tint to my hair
so strawberry , not fire .
i think its fire . he calls it strawberry
my golden retriever has some coppery colored hair . i have 3 of them
persona
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
i used to be a lawyer.
my name is albert.
persona II
i have a consulting firm.
i am a small business owner.
i give out sports information.
my clients are gamblers.
i help them win a lot of money.
dialogue
hi how is it going ?
hey i am albert everything is good !
that is good what do you do for a living ?
i currently work for the circuit court as a judge
o ok i own a small consulting firm mostly sports info
that sounds exciting ! i used be a lawyer
o really alot of my clients win more money then you and me both with there gambling
that's insane ! hopefully i can earn more money working in the federal court
wow yea that's big . wish you luc with that
thank you ! its a big dream of mine !
what do you do on your spate time ?
i like to just relax at home
yes i love relaxing at home sucks that i am always running errands
yes ! also i like to meet new people
i feel like meeting new people but the i think do i really have the time ?
why do you think you'll not have the time ?
persona
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
we also have three dogs and two cats.
my wife and i've 2 children.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
persona II
i don't like music.
my name is nick.
i've lots of friends.
i like to ride my scooter.
dialogue
hi , i was born on christmas and people call me nick .
whats up st nick ! haha get it ? sorry dad joke . john here
hey john . you like concerts ? my friends and i have band .
nah don't have time for much , my job wife and kids keep me busy ! that's cool though
family man john . how long married and how many kids ?
married 12 years , 2 kids . they're cute , but zap all my energy .
ll ! what do you have two boys or one of each ? they like scooters ?
girl and boy . not to mention , 5 pets ! scooters ? like the kick push kind ?
wow ! the five pets have to be a handful and yes the push scooter kind .
and , my pt practice ! old john is tired , st . nick . that's cool !
thanks . i will be in north virginia soon . you in that area ?
no i am a texan . not too familiar with north virginia
you catch any of hurricane harvey ? i hope not .
no we were pretty lucky . my saint wife went to volunteer in houston , she is a nurse
persona
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i have a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
i collect little figurines.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
persona II
i like to ski.
i like to eat cheetos.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
i've went to mexico 4 times this year.
i hate mexican food.
dialogue
my hobbies are eating cheetos while i am skiing
hi my weekends i browse antique stores for shopping .
i've made 4 trips to mexico in the past year , but i don't like the food
i find collecting little figurines awesome .
that sounds interesting , i do not think my wife likes me very much
oh i've animal do you have cats i like cats .
collecting can get expensive , do you have alot of figurines
yes sometimes the subway is the best place to eat .
yes i have a mexican cat , he loves tacos
me too tacos are great . i love to eat .
what kind of food does the subway have to offer
all kinds of different sandwiches and the meats are tasty .
what is your favorite food to eat
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza .
it is a challenge to ski and eat cheetos at the sametime
i never tried that sounds like a lot of fun .
persona
i tend to work myself up.
i just want my voice to be heard.
my back hurts chronically.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
persona II
i'm great with babies.
i love to socialize.
i've 5 kids.
i love new gadgets.
i love to draw.
dialogue
hello , i just finished an awesome drawing ! ! how are you ?
i am doing great and that's cool . you ?
excellent ! ! i used this new drawing pad . i can save my drawings on my comp .
that's so cool , is that your job ?
no , just a hobby . do you have any hobbies ? my kids love my drawings though .
i am passionate about a lot of things . i want to be heard .
tell me all about it . i enjoy listening to others .
i get chronic back pains . nowch ! !
sorry to hear that . have you tried putting ice on it ?
i try lots of things , even acupuncture
sounds painful . sometimes my back hurts too from carrying my baby .
hopefully that baby pays you back when you get old
persona
my favorite past time is cooking.
i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i love to sing.
i ca sim very fast.
persona II
i work as a veterinarians assistant.
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i love dogs.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
dialogue
hi there ! tell me about yourself . any pets ?
no , i don't have any pets . i don't have time for one .
yeah , they can be a lot . i have two collies elliot and pete .
that must by fun . do you like cooking ?
i do , but i'm not good at it . are you ?
yep . i'm very good at it .
that's cool . is that what you do for a living or is it a hobby ?
as a hobby . my father taught me how when i was a kid .
that's useful . i never really learned . i was too obsessed with animals .
its not difficult . you can just start by following recipes .
that is kinda what i do . google is my guide lol .
then you just have to start adjusting for your personal taste .
yeah . i am better than burning water . i just have to expand my recipe book .
its really easy once you get the hang of it .
i guess it just requires effort that i've not put in . maybe i will now .
i always found that emotion is more important than intellect when cooking .
persona
my favorite food is steak.
i listen to rap.
i drive a black car.
i like meat.
persona II
i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.
i larp on the weekends in the forest.
i miss my dad.
there i m a general of an orcish army.
dialogue
have you ever larp before ? it is amazing in a forrest
no i am not sure what that's
it is like an rpg but in real life
sill not sure of that acronym . i'm an old fashioned meat and potato gal .
well i'm a general in my group ! so respect me as such
i will ! might even give you a ride in my black car
that sounds nice . i love my larp group since my dad left .
is it a support group ?
no , think dungeons and dragons in real life
oh i have a lot of friends that are into that . i entertain myself with hip hop
do you make your own beats ?
no but i do write my own hooks
oooo , better get on soundcloud soon
well i am in law school now . that was my past life
nice i plan on attending soon , just finished at uc irvine
good luck . uc irvine also has a great law school .
persona
i got married last year.
i live on a boat.
my hair is colored purple.
i've my own salon.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
dialogue
so today when i was volunteering one of the patients slipped and fell .
that is terrible ! what do you do , and where do you work ?
i work at a nursing home . it is rewarding but heartbreaking too .
that does not happen often at my salon , unless startled by my purple hair !
ooh , purple hair ? i've always wanted to do mine bright red .
my husband likes purple , so i surprised him for our wedding last year !
that's such a neat surprise !
i live on a yacht off catalina island . where do you live ?
get out of here , so do i !
no way ! it is a small world . what do you do in your spare time ?
i was just kidding . i live in the suburbs of chicago .
the windy city ! i love chicago ! do you have family there ?
my dad . he retired a few years back from law enforcement .
tough job , but i appreciate it ! well , it was nice chatting with you !
you too , have a great day !
thank you ! enjoy the rest of your day too !
persona
i am a paper salesman.
i live on a beet farm.
my favorite animal is a bear.
i think beets are the best vegetable.
persona II
i'm the lead singer for an indie band.
i live in the city.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
i am still a student , but i am gonna be a nurse.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
black or brown bear , which is best ?
i guess it all depends on what you need the bear for
false . there are two schools of thought .
what is the difference please educate me . i'm a student
what will be your career choice ? , beet farms and selling paper
i am currently a nursing student . do you like your career ?
yes but bears are my animal , they are my favorite .
do you live close to a wilderness area ?
a bett farm , that is where i live
i see are their a lot of bears there ?
out of vegetables beets are the best
persona
i've a beautiful rose garden.
i love starbucks coffee.
my parents met at woodstock.
i was a swimmer in college.
persona II
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i like the color blue or red.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i use to be a wild child.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
dialogue
want to get to know each other ?
yes . i'll drink my usual starbucks coffee .
okay . i like coffee too . do you like travel ?
yes ! i like gardening in my beautiful rose garden .
that sounds pretty . my dogs would dig them up
i do not have pets . my parents met at woodstock .
that is cool . i was kind of a wild child . i would have liked woodstock
i'm more reserved . i was on the swim team in college .
are you a very good swimmer ? i'm not athletic
i've many trophies from swimming . i do not really swim anymore .
i'd really like to travel and see ireland , have you traveled ?
nothing major yet . we went o n a cruise last year and my this summer
i might try to go to puerto rico soon
i would love to visit puerto rico !
maybe we could travel together
that sounds real nice ! i would love too
persona
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
my dreams are often bizarre.
i go surfing any chance i get.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
my favorite band is the muggers.
persona II
i love to hike.
i have visited 12 national parks in the us.
i also like to mountain bike.
dialogue
hi , my name is mary how are you today ?
i'm good . do you have dreams ? mine are bizarre sometimes .
i've not had any recently . but i do like hiking !
great i love to surf and go whenever i can .
me too ! i have visited 12 national parks in the us
do you work ? i make money that i have not told anyone about .
no , i don't currently have a job
are you married ? i'm single bc i could never just love one person .
interesting ! i am not married but i like to mountain bike !
what about music ? i love the muggers .
i love the red hot chilli peppers
do you have any interesting hobbies ?
anything in the outdoors is fun !
great well , gotta run , take care
persona
i like to eat food.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i drive a fast car.
i listen to rock music.
persona II
i love animals , especially dogs.
i get good grades in school.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i like field hockey and soccer.
i am a 15 year old girl.
dialogue
hello there how are you doing on this fine hour ?
hi ! i am good , how are you
i am good . i am excited about the weekend .
very cool . anything fun going on ?
i am going to play with the dog . i love animals .
cool , hope it wasn't the dog i hit last week , car was going superfast
oh no ! you should be more careful .
i know i felt terrible . maybe when i win the lottery i will head back there
i hope so . what do you do ? i dream of being a veterinarian .
burger king , nothing spectacular , but i really like food . so it helps
oh not vegetarian , but veterinarian . someone that take care of animals
i like to take care of them too . but after they have finished mooing
haha . do you have plans for the weekend ?
not this weekend . next week is the slayer show though . really like heavy music
persona
i like field hockey and soccer.
i love animals , especially dogs.
i am a 15 year old girl.
i get good grades in school.
persona II
its cold where i live.
i've a big beard.
i'm a viking.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
dialogue
hey . how are you . not that i care really ;
i'm ok . that was rude . how old are you ?
i am a old man . a warlord
i am 15 . do you work ? i am in school .
if you want to call feasting and pillaging a job . yes . i do work
you sound like a pirate . i study history a lot . probably why i get such good grades .
more like a viking . my beard is very large .
i see . do you like sports ?
i like sports betting . i place many wagers
my favorites are field hockey and soccer . do you have any pets ?
i've dog . he's a beast . like me . you ?
i love dogs ! i love all animals , but dogs are my favorite .
nice . so you have a lot of pets ?
no . as a young girl , my parents don't think i am responsible enough yet .
so what do you want to do when you get older ?
i've not thought about it yet . i want to go to college for sure .
persona
i drive a nice car.
i work all the time.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my brothers work with me.
persona II
i sew my own clothes.
my favorite food is raw onion.
i have long curly hair.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
dialogue
hello how are u tonight dude ?
cool here , i'm usually always working with my bros .
awesome profits bro i grow my own herb son you ?
i love my job as a manager at a restaurant . where are you from ?
i'm from texarkana , texas you ?
i'm from austin tx ; i work a lot , but i get nice things car , home , etc .
you ever sew your own threads braw ?
no , i buy everything i need .
i've really long curls you
my hair is long and straight , down to my knees .
whoa that is really long ! my aint that long
takes a really long time to wash it , so i only do it once a month .
what about raw onions do you like that
i love those , and i use them as a dry wash in between my wet hair washes .
you use onions as a what lol
yeah , man . . . . everyone has their own way of doing things , ya know ?
persona
i work as a freight truck driver.
i have two full sleeves of tattoos.
my hair is short and pink.
i am a 43 year old woman.
i love to travel.
persona II
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
i am 17.
dialogue
hello , i hope your doing well . tell me something about yourself .
hi , i just finished working driving the truck for delivery
i just got out of school . where do you deliver ?
my arms are full of tattoos , i think it is an art
my parents are very strict won't allow tattoos
i deliver to our customers . we are vendors of food supplies
i live in new england . where are you from ?
i think i'm as old as your parents , 43 .
my dad is 43 , i am almost 18 .
i am from california , i dyed my short hair pink .
i am so looking forward to college . my catholic school will not allow things like pink hair !
i'ven t been to england , i want traveling though
i have never been to california , but it has to be better then here .
what major are you thinking of pursuing ?
i haven't really made up my mind , but i am thinking of something in the arts .
that s awesome , you'll do great !
persona
i love basketball.
have both daughters and sons.
i like to hunt.
i am not married.
i like to sing.
persona II
i'm bald with a thick beard.
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
i enjoy comedies.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good . how about you ?
i am good do you like tv
i enjoy anything to do with basketball , so i would watch that !
i like comedies after along day of work
what kind of work do you do ?
i'm a partner in my law firm
oh , the big time !
what do you do for a living
i could see myself as a professional singer or hunter ! ll
those are two very diverse things lol
i know . do you have kids ? i do .
persona
i drive a mercedes.
i am getting married in six months.
i'm a babysitter.
i have a sweet tooth.
persona II
i've freckles all over my face.
i work in construction.
i love to read romance novels.
i was in the army.
dialogue
hey i have a great construction job , are you looking for work ?
no thanks , i make pretty good money when i babysit
oh you babysit ? what do you do for fun ? any reading ?
i haven't really had time for fun lately , my wedding is coming up soon .
how romantic . i read a lot of romance books . what are the wedding plans ?
we are traditional , so just at the church . but , i'm excited for my cake .
in the miliary when i wed , so justice of the peace . what flavor cake ?
i'm thinking chocolate , i love sweets . my car is even candy painted .
my face looks like it has skittles all over it , lots of freckles . like your car .
haha . yeah i get freckles when i open the top of my mercedes and drive .
i got mine when i did some construction work last year .
i bet . luckily , i stay inside most of the time while babysitting .
you need some sun for vitamin d , so do the kids you babysit
well we do go for ice cream at the park on some days .
that sounds good . i just bought an ice cream machine .
really ? do you like it . that sounds like something i should invest in .
persona
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i want to write a book before i die.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
i am excellent at playing pool.
persona II
i like to wear black.
i like rock music.
i drive a black car.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
dialogue
hi i am nate and i wear a lot black
hi ! you should try more colors like rainbows on unicorns .
yeah well i am in a rock music everything is black even my car .
i like color ! that's why i teach art
well that is awesome guns and roses has aspired me . and they're my fave band .
i like them too . i thought of writing a book about then
yeah how come you chose them to write about
because i like their name . roses are colorful
they are pink red , white , colors are pretty
yes they are . do you like to travel ?
with my band , we travel a lot
i want to go to egypt . ever been ?
not yet but we ought to , its still in progress to make that happen .
you could perform there when i visit
where are you from exactly ?
i live in texas . you ?
persona
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i am a vegan.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
i enjoy hiking.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ? i am enjoying a nice glass of wine
great i just finished eating lutefisk a dish that's best everywhere
i went hiking today so it feels good to be relaxing now .
wow , i enjoy hiking too mostly on glaciers though .
i don't think i have ever eaten that before , is it vegan ?
lol , i'm not sure , but it sure is good . the best in the whole world .
i only eat vegan so maybe that's why i have never hear of it before ?
that might be . where are you from ? recently , well last month , i moved to sweden .
i love wine do you ? i am also listening to some bob ross .
i cannot drink , i seem to always be losing things probably worse if i drink .
wow sweden , my mom had a fashion show there once before
i lose my keys , my phone , more recently , my mind lol
she's a designer and i'm her accountant a family business .
wow , is your mom famous ?
lol sometimes i lose my mind as well no worries
thank you . that's nice of you to say .
i think she's but that's because i love her
that's a nice thing to say , i enjoyed chatting , take care
persona
i've a missing pinky toe.
i do not like green eggs and ham.
i love cooking.
i enjoy swimming.
i have 4 dogs.
persona II
i love chocolate.
i love walking in the park.
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i've six older sisters.
dialogue
did you see the celtics dominate last friday ?
i didn't . not into sports . i do enjoy cooking and swimming though .
they beat the hornets yesterday too ! anyhow , do you cook for a living ?
i do . my restaurant is green eggs and ham , although i hate both .
no kidding , great name . i work for a family owned restaurant . that is a coincidence .
it is ! i just had a kitchen accident and lost my pinky toe . . . very painful .
ouch . hope it did not end up in some chocolate cake .
it has been hard for me to walk my dogs , i've 4 .
i could help you out . i walk my sisters dogs and am always in parks .
that would be great ! they are all very calm and great on a leash .
i must have taken a million long walks , i love it . it will be no problem .
do you have any of your own ?
nope , i am the runt in the family and my six sisters have many dogs .
i love to take mine swimming with me .
do they swim in the ocean or lakes ?
actually we swim in my swimming pool !
persona
favorite band is the beetles.
i like vintage furniture.
i play the bass.
i've a large cd collection.
i collect stamps.
persona II
i like to go to the movies.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
dialogue
hi there , how is your evening going ?
doing ok . just going thru my cd collection .
you still own a cd collection ?
yeah , a large one . i record myself playing the bass .
oh wow . that is cool . i wish i had time to learn an instrument like that
its not hard . i love the beatles so i learned listening to them .
wow . i listen to the beatles in my ford mustang on my way to work
in my spare time i collect vintage furniture and stamps .
i wish i could collect ford mustangs . even though i work 3 jobs , i'm still broke
i just have a ford focus .
i would walk way more than 2 miles a day if i had a ford focus
this new one is more computer than car .
i want to see , but i've worked 3 jobs at the same time for over 5 years ! ! ! ! ! !
are they not paying you enuf ?
clearly not . maybe i just go to the movies way too much
ah . i'd ask for a raise .
persona
favorite color is green.
i got a new job.
i like cars.
i like to travel.
i like cats.
persona II
i am in a lot of debt.
i am failing some of my classes.
i enjoy electronic music.
i enjoy nature.
i fantasize about living in another country.
dialogue
can i've some money ? i owe a lot of debt
i can get you out at my new job
cool that would be nice but i'm failing my classes at school
sell cars i like them and i love to buy them
i fantasized selling cars in paris , where the money is
cool i love to travel to paris a lot
i would walk the streets and listen to electronic music
i like to take my beautiful cats to paris
i would like to have nature walks in paris
i love to walk in the green grass i love green
you are a cool dude
you are a cool dud as well
and listen out for me i am going to be on tv
let me know when so i can see
i'm going to be on another star playing music
i will look at it at ny new job
persona
i have two children.
my husband is a pastor.
i sell clothing on facebook.
i don't like to clean house.
my hair is curly and dark.
persona II
i had a gig at local theater last night.
i come from a small town.
i work as a stand up comedian.
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
dialogue
how are you ? i am tired , i had a gig last night at my local theater .
good . getting my 2 kids to bed . i've a messy house to clean . hate it .
so early ? i am a stand up comedian . . long night for me .
i put them down early . my husband cannot be trusted around them . he's a pastor .
are you in small town ? i'm from a small town .
i live in a compound . everyone here has curly dark hair .
i played a girl with dark curly hair in a tv series , it was a small roll .
i tried to audition for a similar role . my beard got in the way .
i like to drink cuba libres . where do you work ?
i sell clothes on facebook . mostly used socks . my own mostly .
i'm trying to sell things on facebook but no luck .
try selling used socks . people are weirdos and guys will buy anything .
are you serious ? because i will try it !
dead serious ! i gotta go now i have to clean up so i avoid a backhand .
i'm gonna research it
when in doubt just remember . yolo
persona
i work for a large law firm.
we own our home.
my wife stays home with our kids.
i hate tofu.
i drive a prius.
persona II
i am italian american.
i work in finance.
i paint with watercolors.
i hate cleaning.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
a bit tired after a long day at work . business never stops at a large law firm
no i suppose it does not . . . . laws being broken all over town . . . no holiday for the lawless
yep ! i'm just glad it pays the bills ! nice to own our own home !
do you have any hobbies ? i like to paint usually using watercolors
sometimes i like to go for a ride in my prius . clear my mind .
prius . . . . conscious and awake . . . . caring for the planet . that is great
exactly ! my wife stays home with the kids . its basically my man cave .
i work from home . . . . just hired someone to clean the house . . . a chore i deplore
we should get a cleaner to clean out all the tofu my wife keeps cooking . gross !
www . . . . i've tried tofu in italian dishes . . . does not quite work
i do love italian food ! ! sometimes i drive my prius to buy some instead ! haha
i try to follow my grandmothers recipe but with tofu . . . don't tell her . . . she will kill me
haha ! i wo not if you don't tell my wife i hate her tofu
persona
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
i wish i had money to travel.
my parents died in a plane crash.
i've an iq of 250.
i live alone with my dog.
persona II
i am a grandmother.
i live in a city.
i help my neighbor.
i have a dog and we go for walks.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
doing alright , just finished a project and now watching tv with my dog .
same here . . . just relaxing . what are your hobbies ?
i most like to create houses out of matches .
that is cool . what part of the country do you live in ?
vermont , born and raised . no money to go anywhere else . you ?
i live in atlanta . we are getting ready for the storm that is coming .
oh that is too bad . is your whole family boarding up ?
yep , i think we will be fine . it will be a lot of wind and rain .
oh good , what do you plan to do to pass time ?
hang out with my family and play cards . progressive rummy
progressive rummy is fun . we played that at one of my mensa meetings . good luck
persona
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i like the taste of cheese.
i hate to drive.
i am younger then 46.
persona II
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
i like early 2000s indie music.
i m picky when it comes to food.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
my temper is pretty short.
dialogue
hii how are you ? where are you from ?
i am great ! i am a young guy from wisconsin .
what is your hobbies ?
no hobbies . i'm sick and have to take 4 pills a day to stay alive .
oh sorry what is your favourite dish
i love cheese ! i like the broad flavors of it !
oh ok are you married ?
no , i do not get out much . i do not drive because of my pills .
are you listening music ?
yes , i love the backstreet boys . i like somewhat retro pop music .
cool are you like travelling ?
no , i don't like to drive .
oh i like very much to drive
cool ! my pills interfere with driving . so i just watch listen to my favorite band .
what is your father ?
he's my moms husband .
persona
i like early 2000s indie music.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
my temper is pretty short.
i m picky when it comes to food.
persona II
i work in retail.
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i love katy perry.
i drive a ford taurus.
dialogue
hi ! i wanted a new purse , spent all day shopping . . . no money left .
i spent all day at the vets ! my little dog just cost me 7000
wow ! what happened to the poor thing ?
he swallowed a watch battery and had to have part of his intestine removed
oh no . did you have that kind of money available ?
i'm taking a second job to pay the bill cleaning park toilets gross
that's very noble of you ! i would have to take extra work , too .
someday i'll be a teacher
are you in college ? i regret not going myself .
yes . but i got so mad at my professor , i stopped going to class
what happened ? what did he do ?
he called me an entitled princess i have a bad temper
well , judging by what you are doing for your dog , that's not true .
o no its true once i threw a shoe through a window
lol ! did you have to pay for it ?
i had to march outside to get the shoe so i could go to work embarrassing
persona
i'm a roofer.
i always have a beer after work.
i played football in high school.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
persona II
pink is my favorite color.
i enjoy being alone.
my mother is dead.
i am a yoga instructor.
dialogue
hello ! anything going on with you today ?
not much just headin off to work .
where do you work ? i teach as a yoga instructor
i just do contract work , i do roofing .
is that lonely work ? i enjoy the solace of being alone .
not at all there are about eight of us .
do you have any favorites ? for instance , i like pink .
i like all sorts of country it doesn't matter what
cool , do you live near family ?
nah they are all pretty far away .
i live near my father , though my mother has passed away . have partner ?
nice ! no i'm a widower .
i'm sorry to hear that , do you have any pets
yeah i've a a dog that is getting a little old .
cool what breed of dog ? blue heelers are cute !
they are , mine is a lab .
persona
i'm a small business owner.
i help them win a lot of money.
i've a consulting firm.
my clients are gamblers.
i give out sports information.
persona II
chocolate is my favorite food.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i geocache in my spare time.
i am a school psychologist.
dialogue
good morning , how are you today ?
i am great today . how are you ?
great , i am going to be learning how to play the beautiful piano
that sounds awesome have you played any other instruments
no i just geocache in my free time
well its great you are learning the piano . i am a business owner
that sounds cool , i work at a school as the psychologist
oh that is awesome that you help people . i try help my clients .
yeah that is what our jobs entitles us to do
how long have you been at your school ?
for about as long as chocolate has been my favorite food , forever
chocolate is my favorite too . do you like cake ?
yes i love anything sweet
me too , where are you from ?
persona
i work in a factory.
i am not social.
i don't eat well.
i sleep most of the day.
persona II
my favorite food is pasta.
i live in a rural area.
i m a older woman.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
dialogue
hello how are u today
hi there . i'm okay . i just woke up .
do u live in the city i am out in the rural area away from the city
i live in a rural area , i like it better here than in the city .
city life is rough what is your favorite food mine is pasta
chocolate . anything chocolate is what i prefer .
chocolate is very yummy what do u do for work
i am a factory worker , not very exciting .
i am retired and spend alot of time with my husband helping people
i am not married , i don't go out with anyone either .
we are always at the church or food shelf helping
i should go to church , i know i used too .
how old are u i'm 65
i'm 42 , feel 50 though .
getting old is rough cant do alot of the things i liked to do
i think i'm depressed , i cant do anything else either .
persona
i am a youtuber.
i've a cat named leela.
my dad is an airline pilot.
my car is pink.
i make videos about makeup.
persona II
my favorite band is hop along.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i'm a musician.
i like to play video games.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm fine just relaxing with my cat named leela
what are you up to today relaxing with leela
i'm washing my pink car today and how about you ?
just getting together with the band .
wow you are in a band that is cool . do you have any you tube videos ?
yeah we are pretty big .
i freelance on you tube making makeup videos . lets support each other .
good thing . what are your hobbies ?
we i'm leaning how to fly planes like my dad and you ?
my dad is a mechanic but flew as well . it is cool huh
that is is cool . tell me more about you .
the band takes up most my time . do have a dog goes on tour too
is the dog part of the show ?
persona
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i am quiet but confident.
i m not really a blond.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
persona II
my favorite meal is steak.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i always travel alone.
i have no parents or siblings.
i'm incredibly smart.
dialogue
hi , i am very smart . are you ?
that all depends on what you mean by smart , yet i can be quite confident .
i need only sleep for 3 hours a day and have no siblings or parents .
wow that is interesting . my hair is not really blond
steak is my favorite meal and i always travel to buy it alone .
i sometimes worry where to park when i go out
i do everything alone . including travel . all travel . i do it by myself .
well i worry about parking when i go someplace new .
i park alone as well .
it is hard to find good parking spots at times
sometimes , yes . if you do it alone you'll not be embarrassed if you mess up .
haha i mess up with parallel parking
i do not know how to parallel park at all !
i've a hard time parallel parking but the other parking i can do well .
same exact thing with me . i think most have trouble with parallel .
yeah , that's why i often avoid the city . but i think i need to start learn
persona
i'm learning how to play the piano.
chocolate is my favorite food.
i am the youngest sibling of four.
i am a school psychologist.
i geocache in my spare time.
persona II
i played in a band for 17 years.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i own my own music store.
i hope to retire to florida.
i'm an animal rights activist.
dialogue
hi what do you do for a living ?
hi , i work for the school system .
what exactly do you do ?
i am a psychologist , how about you ?
interesting . i like music and i own my own store .
cool . i'm sharpening up my piano skills .
i was in a band for 17 years , have you played in a band before ?
wow , seems fun . i've never played before .
my parents are both in the church choir , so music is naturally in me .
that is pretty neat , being the youngest i got stuck with piano .
i'm the oldest and i'm looking forward to retiring in florida . how about you ?
me too . plan on traveling awhile .
persona
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i am hoping to find someone to marry me.
i work out to look good.
persona II
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
i love most music except country and jazz.
my favorite food is anything italian.
my favorite book that i've read lately is middlesex.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
great ! i am looking for someone to marry me . lol
the only thing i'm committed to right now is the gym !
oh nice . i workout a lot because i want to look nice
maybe you good wow a date with some italian cooking ! that food is great
right . i do not have much time to cook . i work in marketing . ha
do have any favorite shows ? i enjoy forensic files and jeopardy keep the brain smart .
lol , keep the brain smart . i like jeopardy too
do you have any favorite books ? i been reading middlesex , very thought provoking !
never read it . i like sci fi stuff though
have a favorite chi fi movie or book recommendation ?
anything by ray bradbury is good imo . i also like philip k dick
interesting i'd have to check those out , why do you want to marry someone ?
i do not know , maybe its just my inherited genetic drive maybe ?
persona
i'm a vegan.
i've a farm with pigs , horses and hens.
i love country music.
i love dancing.
persona II
i'm from tennessee.
i love to fish.
i have a black lab.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i'm married.
dialogue
hello , how is your day ? my husband and i been enjoying some fishing .
its ok . are you going to eat the fish ?
not me i do not like fish much but my husband does . where ya from ?
pennsylvania . i've a sustainable farm here .
from tennessee here . also have a farm .
what animals do you have . i have pigs , horses and hens .
chickens , pigs , and cows . oh also my black lab lol .
that's great . as a vegan , we do not slaughter our animals .
do you sale them ? any fav . music you prefer ?
no , they live freely . country and anything i can dance to . you ?
do you sale them ? any fav . music you prefer ?
country . luke bryan is my favorite .
i adore charlie daniels ! that is so nice they can roam freely !
yes , i think that is how all beings should live .
persona
i love christmas.
i like fantasizing.
i wish magic was real.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i've a daughter.
persona II
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i like cosplay.
i work from home.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing great , how about you ?
i'm alright you darn stark
i think my daughter mentioned that show !
is your daughter arya eh ?
haha , i wish real life were like that show
i don't everyone dies and gets sexually assaulted
oh , i was referring to the magic parts
yeah the lord of the light is very giving
i think i'm going to get got themed things for christmas
yeah just make sure there is no wedding !
can i order house stark shirts online tho lol
i have one and a house targaryen shirt
sounds good , i am gonna rush order it in the mail
persona
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
i like to drink green tea.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
persona II
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
i grew up in alabama.
i don t like the song sweet home alabama.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
dialogue
hello stranger . . . lets get to know one another !
hey ! yes , tell me something about you .
my home is in alabama , but don't sing that leonard skinner song .
oh haha that's good to hear , how about mystery movies ? you like those ?
i like real life mysteries , like why was the easter bunny in my closet more .
huh ? maybe you should take a run and clear your head . that's what i do
i was not joking . . . i saw him while my mom was working at the store !
hmm , you been drinking some funny green tea ? i love that studd
lol . . . does it affect spelling stuff ?
clearly ; this is inspiring a story . i love writing in the grass in my back yard
do you use a lawnmower or clip it with a pen ?
maybe i should write a mystery about it and it become a movie
sounds like a plan to me , but you may need a gardener for the text . p
possibly . better not give them any of my green tea
do you not think it would inspire them ?
maybe , and i cant risk that
persona
i've purple hair.
i am a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
my dad is a college professor.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
persona II
i'm an avid fisherman.
i like to race go carts.
i hate fast food.
i've a george foreman grill at home.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
well not so good . i was experimenting with color and my hair turned purple .
that is exactly why you should leave it to professionals ! how bad is it ?
my dad is pretty traditional for a college teacher and he did not like it .
that's not good . i'm pretty hungry but i only eat home cooked meals .
my mom died when i was 6 , so i never learned much cooking .
i like to live life on the edge and eat raw food ! it is intense
i thought you like home cooked meals . not raw ones ?
home cooked , home raw , same thing ! i also like to drive a lot !
i spend most my day walking dogs . i take care of them for people .
i own a boat and go fishing occasionally ! do you like the dogs ?
yes they're good company and i pet sit for a lot of people
well that makes sense . how did you find that job ?
dad put an ad on the college bulletin boat
family is always helpful . hopefully you have a great day today !
i may spend the day reading , with the purple hair might be a good idea
persona
my parents pay my rent.
i like to shop.
i m a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
i love my dog.
persona II
i wish that i could be an animal.
regular life disappoints me.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i don t get along with my family.
i enjoy classical music.
dialogue
hi , want to listen to some music with me ?
i just ate sushi . i am stuffed but sure . what kind ?
i like classical usually . my family does not . and they make fun of me .
i am sorry . my parents are cool . they pay my rent for me .
oh , i wish i was a cat , i could live with you .
sorry but my dog is king of this castle .
i do not have to rank very high . i like dogs .
cool . what else do you like ? shopping is my addiction .
i don't really have any great likes , hobbies . life is boring and disappointing .
i'm sorry . eat more sushi . it has great vitamins . may help you .
will you make me some ? i don't cook .
um . it is sushi . i don't cook either . i mainly just shop .
oh . will you buy me sushi then ?
absolutely . are you working on friday ?
no , i'm free every single day . i have no life .
you can walk my dog for me . i will pay you i .
persona
my favorite meal is brunch.
my car is black.
i lease my car.
i'm a recruiter.
i do not own any pets.
persona II
i don t like broccoli.
i like to go hunting.
i work as a police officer.
i have 2 dogs.
i like to play video games.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
good good good good good
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .
do not do that ! it could be dangerous
they are harmless . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to eat brunch
i like video games and hunting , brunch is good .
video isn't game as much as me
ok , what do you do for a living ?
i live in my tree alone
sounds lonely . i'm a cop .
cop ! that is pretty awesome
i enjoy it , you know what i do not enjoy ? broccoli .
only with cheese . cows are my friends
persona
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i like nfl and college football.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i love to read fiction books.
i am a georgia resident.
persona II
i like to draw other people.
i like to mountain bike.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i love people with a sense of humor.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
excited for my next game i will play in the nfl fantasy football league
i don't play football but i enjoy riding my mountain bike
you at least like football . i love both nfl and college football
i don't , i do enjoy drawing people , i could draw a football player
that would be cool . you ever read ? i love fiction books
no , i do enjoy hard boiled eggs though , oh look , a bird
you should give sci fi and horror books a go . i think you'd like them
oh , a sense of humor huh , i love your type of people .
its because i am from georgia . we are all quite humorous here
georgia my mama from alabama
is she ? where are you from ?
i am from texas , my dad is from turkey and my mom is from alabama
that sounds like a very interesting combo . i would love to know the stories behind it
persona
my father is a retired police officer.
i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
i like to build furniture.
i have bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i used to work as an actress.
i love my job.
i love all animals.
my favorite music is country.
dialogue
care to chat with a former actress that loves country music ?
care to chat with a man who bowled a 300 twice ?
i'd love to ! i really like the job i have now .
what are you doing now that you aren't an actress ?
i'm a professional paid grandmother
a professional paid grandmother ? do you want me to make you a rocking chair ?
that would be so cool ! do you eat meat ?
yeah , of course i do . how about yourself ?
i really like all animals so i only eat vegan foods .
ah , well i come from a big meat eating family . my dad was a cop .
we have the usual pets , but thinking of getting a cow .
oh that's awesome ! you could give me fresh steak .
oh heavens no we want to save it from slaughter !
just a joke . . . i was saved from slaughter once !
lol , how did that happen ?
well , i was held hostage when i got caught up in a convenience store robbery .
persona
my parents have been married for 40 years.
i am a proofreader for a greeting card company.
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
persona II
i've two dogs.
i like potatoes.
i work in accounting.
i lease my car.
dialogue
hey , hows your day going ?
it is going great ! it is my parents 40 year anniversary .
oh wow that's great ! do you have any pets ?
no , do you like sports ? i love watching football and hockey
i work all the time , i'm an accountant . but hockey is okay
i work for a greeting card company as a proofreader
oh that's interesting ! bet you read some funny stuff
yes i do ! do you have any other hobbies ?
well , i do like to cook . i am obsessed with potatoes . how about you ?
i like to watch movies ! my favorite is goodfellas
oh that is a good one . i like scarface . do you have a car ?
yes i drive around all the time
persona
i am a professional skittles player.
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
i have never had candy in my life.
i'm known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
my favorite mlb player is bartolo colon.
persona II
i have three dogs.
i love to cook.
i enjoy fishing.
i work for an architect firm.
i am looking for someone.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ? ?
do you play skittles ? i am a player .
never even heard of it , sorry ! !
fine , do you like bartolo colon ? do you know him ?
no , sorry ! i am not into music that much .
what do you do in your spare time ? i love anime also baseball
i love dogs and cooking ! ! ! i also fish .
ok , i'm not a fan of candy
what do you do for work ?
that's good , i work as a skittles player
i am an architect and love it !
i am happy for you !
what is a skittles player ?
it is a table game , look it up
persona
i have six older sisters.
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i love walking in the park.
i'm an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i only date people taller than me.
i really like technology.
dialogue
how are you this evening ?
i'm doing well looking forward to our chat , so tell me a bit about yourself !
well , i just got back from diving , and now i am feeding my cat !
i had to chase my dog when he chased a cat , while walking in the park today .
did he ? interesting ! i'm waiting on the new iphone !
i would love a new iphone . . . i dropped mine while cheering for the celtics .
oh my ! that makes the tech part of me cringe !
i'm thinking of getting a pixel phone next time . . . all six of my sisters have them .
that's a big family !
yes , we all work at my oldest sisters cafe .
what kind of food is it ?
anything and everything chocolate . . . have you ever had fried snickers ?
no , i haven't ! are they good ?
my favorite thing , after the celtics !
persona
my parents are divorced.
i am an excellent student.
i couldn't live without my dog , bart.
i will graduate from college in two years.
persona II
i've black spiky hair.
i listen to metal music.
i have boots i always wear.
i wear a lot of leather.
i sleep in late during the day.
dialogue
hello there how are you ?
i'm alright . just petting my dog , bart .
that's cool , like boots ?
i do not like boots . my parents had a fight about boots once .
really lol why that is funny ?
my mom spent too much on boots . the money is for my education .
i like to sleep a lot late in the day also
i cannot as i am in college .
oh why not you can later
i only have two years of school left
cool that is cool , i love leather a lot .
me too ! it feels so good .
yes especially in the fall
yes . i start my junior year of college in the fall too .
persona
i drink a lot of tea.
i write short stories in my free time.
i hope to one day be a published author.
i work in a used book store.
i love art museums.
persona II
i work in a factory.
i volunteer in my spare time.
i love to tell jokes.
i hope to change the world.
i m always early to everything.
dialogue
what did aaron rodgers say when he dumped a . munn
i just drank a plenty of tea
i hope we can use tea more as compost , help save the world
what is that ? i don t get
you must work in a factor like i do
during my free time , i write stories
i volunteer with my free time
i was working at the book store that s how i gained the idea of writing
i like book stores , but they need to open earlier , i'm always ready to go
hopefully , i can publish it someday
that would be awesome , maybe i can help with your signings
do you like art museums too ? coz i like them
a little boring for me , i would rather have a beer museum
wow , you should try going again and see how it is before
persona
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i don t own a television.
i like to read.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i can t stand pizza.
persona II
i prefer baseball over football.
i like sports.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i am really sad , to be honest
sorry to hear that , would you like to talk about why ?
yeah . my girl just broke up with me . i am heartbroken
that's never a fun situation . do you have friends and family to talk to ?
the kids i teach are the only ones that really help me
kids are great . what subject or grade level do you teach ?
i teach art for third graders . what about you ?
currently unemployed . gives me more time to watch sports though lol
i do not even own a tv , but i fell you
do you have a favorite sport ?
i'm not into sports . i'd rather read
what do you like to read ?
anything . i prefer mysteries and crimes though
persona
i drive a silver lexus.
i have a dog named socks.
dancing is my passion.
i am terrible at math.
i'm a college student.
persona II
i work in a factory.
i love to drive my car.
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i enjoy travel.
i like watching ufc fights.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
what up , not to bad , you ?
i'm alright . i'm just waiting for the end of the day .
oh yeah , me too . ready to be outa this math class .
i'll bet . i was never good at math .
oh hells no , i'm terrible
what kind of math class are you taking ?
just basic intro math . flunked the tests to get passed it
that is no fun . i am better working in a garage .
ooh , cool , maybe you can fix my lexus !
maybe , that would be fun .
you know whats fun ? the college dance i am attending tonight !
persona
my parents were divorced.
i ve broken my arm twice.
i'm a widow.
i am a very social person.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
persona II
i like snowboarding.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
i've been in 3 triathlons.
i have only one child.
my daughter just graduated college.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing good and you ?
i am doing very well , now that my run is over .
great way to energize and relax
i hate it . i used to do triathlons .
i ran once and broke my arm
i've broken my ankle , twice , during races .
i broke my again on the ice and snow
you have some pretty bad luck there .
yeah i had it rough growing up with 6 brothers and sisters
i snowboard a lot , my older brother taught me . he was gentle with me .
what a good brother ! i lost my husband and miss him
my husband left when my daughter was one , she just finished college .
wow good for your daughter . i grew up in a divorced home
persona
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonalds.
my favorite color is green.
persona II
i love to bake cakes.
i have a twin brother.
i m really short.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
dialogue
hi names erica how are you
i'm great nice to meet you i'm gerald
do you have siblings ? i have 2 and a twin brother
i am an only child i wish i had a brother
well it helps when your a short nerd
lol i'm short too but love basketball imagine that
well i love to bake but can rarely reach the spice rack
you sound like you need a stool
i've one but wish i could float like david copperfield
magic , david copperfield eats at the mcdonalds i work at
wow that is awesome
he loves double cheese burgers and chicken nuggets
kid at heart and in the gut lol
for sure i love to eat green foods mcdonalds makes me sick
yeah i love my kale and spinach
green is my fave so i eat anything green
persona
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i am a fitness guru.
i am a carefree , funloving , free spirited person.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that is why i have been a sales person all my life.
persona II
i play the guitar.
i like to go for runs.
i live by myself.
i have a dog and two cats.
i like country music.
dialogue
hi there , i really like the outdoors and going for runs , how about yourself ?
i'm a fitness fanatic and i love adventure
adventure is always fun . when i running i like to take my dog with me .
cool . i have three dogs
nice , i also have two cats , but i live alone . do you like to travel ?
i love traveling . i'm very open minded and free spirited
i'd love to go to nashville , i really enjoy country music and playing guitar
cool . i want to learn how to play the electric guitar
lessons and practice make perfect . don't give up on your dreams !
i'll not . i put god first in everything i do
that is great ! i hope you have a great day and i enjoyed chatting with you .
thanks ! ! i enjoyed you as well
take care , and pray to the lord to help guide you down the right path .
absolutely enjoy the rest of your day
persona
i am active on my city council.
i've 10 alpacas.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i like wide , open spaces.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
persona II
i have an above average iq.
my eyes are bright blue.
i love to eat meat.
i don t have a college degree.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
great , about to head to our city council meeting . . you ?
good thank you . my favorite color is bright blue , my eye color . what is yours ?
i love purple . . we have many purple lilac bushes on our 5 acres
my favorite flower . did you go to college ?
i attended florida state , and you ?
no college degree here but i do have an iq that is above average .
that is impressive ! where do you work ?
i prepare tax returns , have my own business .
okay i see , that stuff is so confusing to me lol
i need dinner ideas . do you have any good ideas ?
hmmm i'd say some stuffed shells sound yummy ! do you like to cook
yes , i love meat . the one thing that's not really good for you .
we love meat , we are harvesting or 10 alpacas soon
persona
i hope to retire to florida.
i own my own music store.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i played in a band for 17 years.
persona II
my mother is dead.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
i enjoy being alone.
i am a yoga instructor.
pink is my favorite color.
dialogue
how do you feel about downward facing dog ?
like i need to work out more .
i teach yoga for a living . i could help you . where do you live ?
in vegas , but i want to retire in florida . where do you live ?
vegas is awesome ! i play poker with the love of my life since highschool .
i play in a band and own a music store .
party on , wayne . i dig the color pink . you play a pink drum set ?
sure , my parents sang for the church choir , got me started early .
that is really great to have a hobby you enjoy . i prefer more solo activities .
what kind of solo activities ?
well , yoga since it is my profession . visiting my mother at the cemetery .
cemeteries are cool , you should come to my music store .
i will get a ticket to vegas as soon as i get home . sounds awesome .
i have played in my band for 17 years , i can get you backstage .
i'm totally in ! i'll wear my favorite pink kilt . is that okay ?
sure , my parents will love it !
persona
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i only have three best friends.
i like swimming.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
persona II
i'm going on a cruise next month.
i love to cook.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
my parents recently moved to florida.
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i am doing great i just turned 14
cool did you do anything fun for your birthday
yeah my mom and grandparents had a party for me at our house . we all live together
that's nice do you like having everyone live with you
yeah they help me a lot especially with my homework . what do you like to do
i'm a cat breeder do you have pets
no my mom is allergic to dogs which is what i want to have .
do you and your family like to cook
yeah we cook together sometimes or take turns cooking
that's nice whats your favorite thing to cook
tacos , do you like to read
i do it is very relaxing
i love reading about race cars and how they work
persona
when i m not touring with the band , i like to garden.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
one day i'd really like to skydive.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
persona II
i like to draw.
my mother is a teacher.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm one of four siblings.
i live in an apartment.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well my friend and you ?
very well , i've been drawing all day .
nice . i've been in the garden
very cool , i wish i could garden but i live in a small apartment .
cool . i do not get too much time when i am on tour
what kind of tour ? are you in a band ?
yes i'm in a band ! i'm the drummer
that's so cool ! my mom is a music teacher .
awesome ! i am in an indie band . i love it
indie music is great , my other siblings listen to indie music too .
i also volunteer at a humane center when i can
wow , you are busy . what do you do at the humane center ?
i help the elderly . one of them inspired me to want to skydive
i went skydiving before ! i loved the feeling of flying .
that is amazing . i really want to go
persona
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
i love kids and dogs.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i love to chat with my friends.
persona II
my parents are lawyers.
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
i once swam with manta rays.
my favorite show is csi.
dialogue
hiya , how are you today ?
i'm well , how are you ?
good , i'm going to apply for a job tomorrow i'm nervous .
oh really ? don't be nervous you'll do great !
yes , but i want to be a guide at the smithsonian ,
thank you for telling me . i love to chat with friends like you !
oh thanks ! do you have a job ?
i do have a job but it isn't my passion
what is your passion in life ?
cooking . i'm a big foodie
do you have a favorite food to cook ?
nothing specific . i love all food .
do you make sushi ? i love sushi
i do ! it is great . what else do you like to do ?
i love watching csi , do you have a favorite tv show ?
i do not watch tv much . i love taking my daughters shopping .
persona
i'm a average american youth.
i hate school.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
i fell in love this summer.
i live on a lake.
persona II
i live in nashville.
i am committed to the environment.
i work in academia at a local university.
i play music in my spare time.
i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm fine and enjoying summer . how about you ?
pretty good where do you live ?
i live by a terrific lake with lots of water sports .
oh i'm in nashville
nice , so are you part of the music scene there ?
in my spare time yes , you ?
no , i enjoy walking and reading and falling in love .
do you get your own groceries ?
no , mom buys and fixes all the food in the household .
oh does she go to the farmers market
yes , we have a nice one here .
where do you work at
do not work , just go to school which isn't fun .
persona
i like meat.
my favorite food is steak.
i listen to rap.
i drive a black car.
i am working in finance.
persona II
i enjoy golfing.
i am married with three kids.
i listen to classical music.
i work for a large law firm.
dialogue
i'm having fun with my family
that is awesome ! i cook out a lot with my family
my 3 children do that with me
i don't have kids . i spend too much time accounting
try listening to music especially classical just like i do
i am more of a rap guy
oh , so you play golf too ?
no , i prefer chess . you ?
i'm in a huge firm , law firm
you must be very successful .
but there are still things around to achieve
absolutely . you sound like an ambitious person .
yes it is . and those are the one measures my success
i am impressed . i just got a new black honda
wow i wanted to get one though
it is a really good car . you should !
persona
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to go to the movies.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
persona II
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am a cheerleader.
i have black hair.
i live on a ranch.
i am 21 years old.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing great how about yu ?
i'm alright . do you work ?
i actually do not . i only leave my house to go to the movies .
whats your favorite movie ? slackers ?
i like horror movies !
what else do you enjoy in life ?
i really like to read . i love books
what kind of books eh ?
any type of series . hate to read just one and its over
i do not read much i am a cheerleader
that sounds a little too stereotypical
but my hair is black so that's different
ah i guess so . what else do you do ?
i live at a ranch . you ?
in the city , there are alot of restaurants
persona
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
i've a very tone body.
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
persona II
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i m a graduate student studying law.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
just got don working out . gotta keep on top of my very toned body
that sounds fun . how often do you work out ?
twice a day , sometimes 3 . i play video games when i am not working out
i like to go out on the town but i am not that social
you like to go on drive ? my wife and i really enjoy long drives on sunday
that sounds great . i do like that .
what do you like to do ?
i like to go to the park and hang out with my boys
you have kids ? i have a son . straight a student . so proud
i do not have kids . i mean my friends .
oh i see , do you guys like video games ?
not so much . i like to read .
oh , i was going to invite you over to play . i've a vast collection
wow . you must really like games .
i do , but if you read , you could hang out with my son
persona
i am a nurse.
i surf often.
i was an army brat.
i am a great baker.
persona II
i hope to travel the world one day.
i'm a farmer.
my favorite music genre is rock.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i've two pet dogs.
dialogue
hi do you like travel
i used to when i was a kid as an army brat . you ?
nice ! i work hard in a farm but i wish travel around the world .
i do nursing . it is also hard work
good job . my sister is a nurse like you .
that is really great . do you do anything for fun ?
i take photo i wanna go far and taking wonderful pictures .
that's amazing . i'm a good baker . that's my main hobby
mm i'm good eater . good hobby . i have a funny dogs .
dogs are great . i like taking mine to the beach while i surf
cool . i'm hiking with my little dogs sometimes .
that's so adorable . anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
i listen rock and go concert . do you like listen music ?
yes i do . i love all kinds of music
persona
i think the moon landing was faked.
i have 3 thumbs.
i talk very fast.
i can type 140 words per minute.
persona II
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
i've four siblings.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hey ! i'm well except i need a thumb removed . i've three .
what hand is your other thumb on ?
my left . the moon landing was recorded in hollywood . you believe any conspiracies ?
not really , but the one about aliens living under the earth is cool .
very true . i am a stenographer and can type 140 word a minute . you ?
about 70 . i'm short . i also have a big family .
i'm the complete opposite of both . i'm also a fast talker .
can you stenotype as fast as you can talk ?
faster . the keyboard layout is easier in my opinion .
yeah , to be honest , all keyboards need to have them .
very true . the qwerty layout does not make much sense .
except mobile , which will be harder to keep us with typing and speed
exactly . where you from ?
i am from jackson , mississippi .
nice . pittsburgh pa here . male and 23
persona
i'm a student.
i'm in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i am a vegan.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i just started dating someone new.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i've five cats.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
madonna is my sister.
i'm next in line to become queen of england.
dialogue
hi there ! tell me about yourself
hello hello ! i am studying education , and i am a friendly vegan .
that is awesome . my husband is ceo of taco bell . we are probably enemies
oh my gosh . i'm sorry , i guess we cannot be friends . i'm still friendly though .
do you like madonna ? she's my sister . i can probably get you tickets if you want
you are kidding ! i'm a huge fan !
that is awesome ! i love my sister but she hates my five cats .
what a shame . i just started dating someone with 2 cats . 5 cats though . . . wow
its a lot . but when i am queen of england , someone else will clean it up
you should go for it . your husband can be ceo and the king of a country
true . plus i really like blue , which is close to royal purple
what a sumptuous color . i visit art museums and i love how monet uses blues and purples .
persona
i am an environmental activist.
i also like to mountain bike.
i live in vermont.
i love to hike.
persona II
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
i like to go fishing.
i work at the deli counter.
i m learning to play the guitar.
dialogue
hi want to get to know each other
hello , how are you tonight ? do you believe animals are people ?
no i think people are people , but i do like animals
i'm located in vermont and i hike a lot , to work to preserve the forests .
that is cool . i like nature too . mostly for fishing
have you ever trail biked ?
no , but that does sound fun . maybe i'll start .
you really should . if i weren't in vermont , i would be surfing .
do you enjoy listening to music ?
i do , i love the stones .
me too . not as much as jimi hendrix though
tupac will always be my first love .
well i like the guitar so i am a hendrix fan
clapton all the way , baby .
i am still learning , but i think they're both great
do you have any other hobbies ?
persona
my hair is black and curly.
i believe in leprechauns.
my dog is my best friend.
my mom went crazy when i was three and i have not seen her since.
i'm an accountant.
persona II
i am an out of work farmhand.
i like watching reality television shows.
i live in kansas.
i would like to move some place warmer.
dialogue
i live on a farm with lots of animals
i've a dog . she's the only animal interaction i've .
that good i have five cat
i like cats , i just never run into them . i work from home , so . .
well if you was near i will give you one
www . that's sweet . do you work on the farm , or is it just where you live ?
yes i just plant truck farm not much
have you ever seen a leprechaun ? i love them !
yes but do not no much about them
its all good . what do you do with your hair when you are out in the sun ?
i just twist it up and put on a hat
yeah . mine is way too curly to leave loose .
persona
i skydive frequently.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
i need certain medications to live.
i like fast food too much.
i've won an olympic medal.
persona II
i am in love with adam levine.
i have two children under ten.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i have two cats.
dialogue
hi , how would you like to talk to a mom with 8 children under  ?
awesome ! i think i'd make sure i take my medications to get through the stress
yes , i am so tired that i need more iron in my diet .
yes i bet ! i eat too much fast food which makes for a crummy diet
i am trying to keep fit , bc i really like adam levin in love , maybe .
haha ! i love listening to queens of the stone age . . . different music
i meant adam levine . any pets ? i have cats 3 of them .
love cats ! i have one named radar
i just remembered oreo cat ran away , so now i only have 2 .
oh sad i love to skydive have you ever done that ?
thank you . yes , i have gone skydiving its totally cool
i am active . i should show you the olympic medal i won
that would be cool , but some other time . i got to run . take care .
have a great weekend and be safe
persona
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.
my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
persona II
i've 3 cats.
i dye my hair blonde.
i love dancing.
i am an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing very well , but i just got a new laptop and the battery is bunk .
better get that funk back to the store before its junk
yeah . i am in college , how about you ?
i'm an only child do you dye your hair ?
yes , its light brown and i dye it dark brown . you ?
i dyed mine blonde lately . its wild
what is your natural hair color ?
brown . i'm a great dancer
what kind of dancing do you do ?
all kinds . i dance alone though
but only two can tango , haha !
persona
i've 5 kids.
i love to socialize.
i love new gadgets.
i'm great with babies.
persona II
i'm in 3rd grade.
i'm a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
great . how are you doing ?
i'm doing alright , i'm a little lonely however . no real friends .
sorry to hear that . bet it is their loss .
that is really nice of you to say . i am anna , what is your name ?
my name is jesse . i try to like everyone . life is too short .
that's nice to hear . i came from france , i moved to the usa last year .
cool ! would love to go there . but i've many kids .
oh it is lovely there . how many kids do you have ?
i've 5 . so i always like new gadgets that help make things easier .
what kind of gadgets , and how do they make things easier ?
little things that go in the kitchen . like things that make clean up easier .
i help my mom in the kitchen sometimes , but i sometimes make big messes .
it happens . that's part of the fun .
persona
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i speak six languages.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
i once started a forest fire in california.
persona II
i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
i love to skate and ski.
i love the smell of leather.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hello ing good , what language do you want to chat in ?
uh american lol ! do you speak another language ?
i speak six other languages , pick one and i'll speak it
alright , how about gaelic ?
ok , galactan it is then , est ben galego
dura mie ayd ! do you play any sports ?
no but i also usually carry an edged weapon
i speed skate ski often . are skate blades edged weapons
i'm also the first test child for sesame street , my mom was big bird
what is a test child ?
child to test if i was afraid of big bird
persona
i am a writer.
i live in new york city.
i am married.
i've ten nieces and nephews.
persona II
i cannot drive.
i have been married eight years.
i am on a diet.
i am thirty two years old.
i'm a house wife.
dialogue
hey how are you tonight
what ups ! i'm grand ! watching movies with the wife , typing loud . . real loud
wow . you sound excited . not like my boring life
whats boring about life ! ! ! ya know ?
being married and old and on a diet
hey i'm all of those technically
glad to hear that there is someone like me
bird of feather . . eat sushi together . . that's how that goes right
i guess . gotta get an uber though . cant drive
i know the strife i am in new york
ah darn . i'm in ca though
west coast , best coast . too cold over here
i agree . no storms and hurricanes here
yeah or pigeons . this city . . i swear
persona
i take pride in getting straight a s.
i'm addicted to the hit show empire.
i m currently looking for a job in baltimore.
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
god has always been put first in my life.
persona II
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i m too short to reach the top shelf.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
chillin . watching empire . my fav show
i'm a walking dead fan , i'm waiting for my steaks to get done .
typing up a resume , baltimore has high unemployment .
i have heard that , but there are some great coffee shops there .
i do all my work in cafes . i make sure i get an a average
i love coffee , i have five blends in my fridge .
yo gotti is dope . what music do you listen to ?
i love rap , tupac is my favorite .
god is more important than rap to me . but rap is a close second ! lol
lol . my dog is awesome , and i am a pagan .
people need religion . they need advice about how to live a good life .
i tend to let people live their lives , and not push anything on anyone .
i do not mean to push . i just mean you cannot do it all yourself .
you can , everyone works differently and must find their own path .
your mind needs the advice of the acquired wisdom of other people .
persona
i believe in aliens.
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
persona II
i played in a band for 17 years.
i own my own music store.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i am an animal rights activist.
i hope to retire to florida.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
great ! just eating a bunch of chips . i wish i could do this all the time
i like chips too , as long as there was no animal cruelty in the making .
i agree . animals are sacred
exactly ! it looks like i have found a kindred spirit .
please tell me you are a believer in aliens too ?
of course ! i was actually in a band called roswell for 17 years .
so cool ! what do you do for fun ?
well , i still play music but i also love hiking , board games , cooking , and traveling .
that's great . i like to eat , and i hate cleaning
cleaning is the worst ! i'd hire a service but i am saving for retirement .
i am constantly cleaning after the kids and husband
are you a stay at home parent ?
yes i am . though i could definitely get a job as a pro eater
i've always admired stay at home parents . pro eater is a job i could get behind .
as long as i wouldn't gain any weight !
persona
i live alone.
i'm an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i am a scientist.
i play guitar on my free time.
i like to play video games.
persona II
i drive a nice car.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my family is very important to me.
my brothers work with me.
i work all the time.
dialogue
hello i've a nice car that i drive
i love to cook i'm very good at it
what kind of food do you cook
i can cook all different kinds of food you name it
mexican food ? i love my family they're very important to me
yes i can make lengua , enchiladas , menudo
all that if good , i like tacos from lengua
yes i can also make french , italian and chinese
i've my brothers working for me at my restaurant
you have a mexican restaurant ? that is cool i love to make patacones
yes i do . my whole family works in it
what is the name of it ? i also love science
the mexican donkey its in chicago
ooooh i need to go visit i am in colorado enjoying my freedom
what part of colorado ? i've been to denver
yea that's where i'm . i'm so happy
persona
i play many instruments.
i like to travel.
my favorite music genre is classical.
i give lessons on string instruments.
persona II
i dream of playing music for a living.
i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
both my parents are creative.
mom in telecommunications.
dialogue
hi how are you
hey there ! great ! you ?
i am good thanks ! what hobbies do you have ?
i love music !
no way i'm pursuing a degree in music
that's fantastic ! what kind of music ?
i play a few instruments ! i really want to be able to paly music for a living
if you need help , i also give string instruments lessons !
thanks for the tip !
i play several instruments . what is your favorite music genre ?
probably rock and blues
good luck with your studies , and if you need help , let me know !
persona
i've my own channel.
i enjoy making let s plays.
i love youtube.
my father works in advertising agency.
persona II
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an engineer.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
dialogue
hello . i was just finishing up my pizza that i had for dinner .
i am making pizza too . watching some youtube vids now . . gotta love it !
oh yes . youtube is a good way to be entertained and learn things too .
yes i've my own makeup tutorial channel . . what do you do for work
i am an engineer but i am quitting shortly to travel for a couple of months .
oh exciting . . where will you travel ?
here in the usa working on some bitcoins projects
what are bitcoin projects ? i would love to travel across the us
another form of money . i hope you get your wish to travel someday .
my father worked in advertising . . so boring ! i need adventure
do you live in the usa and are you in school ?
i attend msu . . for elementary education . hope to do some traveling after school
that sounds like a good idea before you start teaching .
so what is your favorite meal ? mine . . . pizza !
yes pizza or fried chicken are my favorite foods .
oh i can chow some friend chicken . . . i exercise a lot to be able to eat good
persona
i lamp on the weekends in the forest.
i could move out , but she does not want me to.
i miss my dad.
there i'm a general of an oris army.
persona II
i freeze up in social situations.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
sometimes i feel like i have already been through life once before.
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
dialogue
i normally take my weeks vaca right about now to florida . glad i didn't .
i was headed to orlando myself . i am going hiking instead
smart move . more peaceful that way . i freeze up in groups so i love hiking .
hiking is where i find peace . my mom lives with me .
i could not do that . my ocd that i found out about in college would go nuts .
she misses my dad , so she invaded my space .
that's a bummer . dad pass away ?
yes he did , right after i joined the army
sorry to hear that . i bet he was proud of you for your service .
not really , i am in the oris army . he did not approve .
perhaps i could join you . i often feel i lived this life before .
you could ! past life regression is a serious thing .
you guys still after the elves ?
yes , we are . its a battle that will never end .
persona
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
when i am stressed , i overeat.
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
i love kids.
i have a lot of style.
persona II
i like to shoot a bow.
i like to go hunting.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to remodel homes.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
dialogue
hi there halloween is right around the corner !
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i'm doing really great , i just got back from hunting and shooting my bow
what did you tag today ?
i tried shooting some lions but i forgot i do not live in africa .
ll ok ok . are you going to dress up for halloween this year ?
yes ! ! i actually need to go shopping with my daughters !
i'm a kindergarten teacher so halloween is a lot of work for me .
ohhhh yeah that sounds challenging . i like to remodel houses into haunted houses ! its spooky !
yes , i think we may have some things in common .
oh that's great ! i am glad i was able to talk to you then !
how many kids do you have ?
persona
i love smooth jazz.
i've a poodle named nanette.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i live in new york city.
i work on wall street.
persona II
i love dogs.
i'm currently single but i'm ready to mingle.
i love to play league of legends.
i'm a professional gamer.
dialogue
how are you tonight ?
i am well how about yourself ? i am listening to jazz .
well , i am plying video games !
that is awesome ! where do you work ? i am a stockbroker .
well , i play games professionally !
that is pretty cool . do you have any pets ?
well , i've 4 dogs !
i've a poodle myself . her name is nanette .
but , i don't have a girlfriend . maybe i game to much !
i probably spend way too much time working
where do you work ?
i work at goldman sachs . it is interesting . sometimes strange though .
how is it strange to work there ?
just sometimes it is a little bit too formal .
oh , i see . you do not like formal ?
i do like suits usually but they can get hot sometimes .
persona
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i have 3 kids.
i'm a blackjack dealer.
persona II
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
i love to read.
i ve never been on a date.
i adopted all my dogs.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
doing good except my homework is so hard
i just got done reading about adam sandler
that is so cool and i m about to graduate which of the
also , i do not go out ! i've never dated !
try to go to casino i am me
do you like to gamble
i m actually a dealer blackjack
is it fun ? also , i have a ton of dogs ! i adopted them !
count cards how in the black truck
what about a black truck ?
i meant to say black jack in the casino
i've never won when i gamble !
i can coach you i m trying to study again to become a manager
manager of a black jack place ?
yes in the casino place and that will n
persona
i work for an architect firm.
i love to cook.
i have three dogs.
i enjoy fishing.
i am looking for someone.
persona II
i am a night owl , but i am an introvert so i don't go out much or anything.
i own a pug , and he's the most loyal pet you'll ever have.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i'm a graduate student studying law.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm good thanks for asking
good to hear . i just got done shopping ! love the shops here in ny .
what do you do for a living ?
i am actually studying law right now , what about you ?
i help design buildings for client
awesome , sounds very creative lol .
do you have any pets ?
yes , i have 2 cats and a bird . do you ?
i have three puppies now
oh that is cute .
what city are you from new york city ?
i live in manhattan , very busy but i love it . you ?
i live in southern california
persona
i love dancing.
i like going to foreign countries.
i dye my hair blonde.
i am an only child.
persona II
i find joy in the littlest things.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
my parents are both dead.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm great ! how are you ?
good , i listen to lots of music
i dance a lot , so i listen to quite a bit as well .
dancing is healthy right ?
it is pretty good exercise .
so my parents died violently
that's terrible ! did you have siblings that could help ?
no but i take joy in small things
i don't have any either , and something like that would just destroy me .
i do not work much , do you ?
as little as possible ! but i travel to foreign countries a lot .
that sounds like a lot of fun
it is extremely fun ! i like it a lot .
sure what is your fav color ?
probably green , but i like blue too . but my hair is only ever dyed blonde .
persona
i own a car.
i love sushi.
i love dogs.
i am a girl.
persona II
i've 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i am active on my city council.
i only eat locally sourced food.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
i am doing well ! just ordered some sushi for dinner
that sounds great . i'm waiting on steaks to arrive from the next farm .
ooh a farm ! do they have dogs ?
i have one that guards my alpacas .
you should make me an alpaca sweater !
a friend buys the wool and sells products in her etsy shop , want the link ?
that would be awesome ! thank you !
you are very welcome . any hobbies ?
i drive around with my dogs in the mountains . you ?
that sounds nice , i am on the city council .
that sounds important . what do you do for fun ?
i surf and read . do you do either ?
i read sometimes . i like fantasy books
those are nice as well , do you play video games ?
no , but my boyfriend plays call of duty .
persona
i have a hard time feeling connected with people.
i care deeply about animals.
i grew up homeschooled.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
i take my emotions out through art.
persona II
my mother was a teacher.
i am single.
my favorite food is salad.
i enjoy nature.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i'm enjoying some nature today
i'm doing great and you ?
great ! how is the weather by you ? lovely here
great now that the storm has passed
were you located in the path of a hurricane ?
no just the tropical storm but the weather was dreadful
wow nature at its finest . was your whole family impacted ?
yeah i'm homeschooled so cannot escape
my mother used to be a teacher but at a school
homeschooling made it hard to connect with people
i could see that . are you single ? i am
i am but i like animals more than people
i like food , especially salad
at night i just scream to make myself alive
persona
i like to bake brownies.
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
i have freckles.
my best friend is from tanzania.
persona II
i live in a retirement home.
i'm an old woman.
my children vist often.
my grandsons favorite type of cake is chocolate.
dialogue
hello there sonny how are you
hi ! good because i played hooky today . . . just baking my fave brownies today . you ?
oh what fun i loved doing that back in my day
fun to hang in flip flops ll . . . also getting rid of freckles ll
oh my how you remind me of my little grandson bobby
is he loaded with freckles too ? ? i am trying a new bleaching cream .
oh yes just like his father i tease everytime they visit me
ll ! ! ! my best friend who lives in tanzania has loads of them too ll . 2 peas !
tanzania you , oh how i'd love to go but i'm 103
i wish , its tooroo expensive ll 103 ! ! that's beautiful ! ! ! ll
i wish i still had those millions i retired on but i gambled it away
org ! ! ! ll , i guess its nothing to laugh at but it sounds like a joke ! !
good times i had many shots , card deals and young men i have been through
ll , i bet you have many stories to tell . who was your last love ? ?
oh years ago i had a fella named stone cold , rock hard btw
wow ll i'm sure he took away some good memories of you !
persona
i've a golden retriever.
i work in advertising.
i like to hike.
my mother is dead.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to dance salsa.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i'm an engineer.
dialogue
hi there how are you
my do is a golden retriever , i own him , he owns me
that is nice . all i do is dance salsa
my dog , the golden retriever , which i own , would also
that is nice . i do more engineering than salsa
hah advertising , that is where the real money is , that is my job !
neat . i work with bitcoins though
bitwaht ? hiking , although not for the legless , that is where the real money is !
it was nice speaking with you
and btx mom , yeah , she dead , killed , morto , 6 feet under .
that is morbid . would love to see
i've a webcam , its live but she isn't
ouch . hope you look good on cam
well i do have a job in advertising
persona
i like to eat cheetos.
i have went to mexico 4 times this year.
my wife does not like me anymore.
i like to ski.
i hate mexican food.
persona II
i'm a secretary.
i've 3 cats.
i like tacos.
i enjoy swimming.
my favorite color is orange.
dialogue
how are you today ?
i'm good ! i just returned from mexico . i have gone 4 times this year !
that is great ! i love swimming in the ocean there ! what do you do ?
i'm a ski instructor , i love to ski . what do you do ?
i work as a secretary , but my real love is caring for my three cats
www ! i love cats too . what are their names ?
they are tabby , julius , and marmalade . they are all orange . do you have pets ?
i've a dog named patrick . we are eating cheetos , which we both like .
cheetos are good . i'm eating tacos , they are my favorite food .
i do not care for mexican food . my wife makes it lot , because she does not like me anymore .
that is sad . what happened ? are you ok ?
i'll be ok , she is just going through a phase i think . i do like asian tacos
persona
i've a crush on my co worker.
i love rpg computer games.
i play tabletop games with friends.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
persona II
i live in the usa.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
my favorite color is blue.
i was born 20 years ago.
i love pizza.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm well , trying to get over a crush lol an you ?
i'm fine , how is that crush working out ?
i shouldn't crush on a co worker smh lol
co worker hook ups are the best
not if you break up , let me grab my inhaler
all good things come to an end
you are right , like old school board games ?
you should go for it
nah what do you do ?
lots of thing , what about you ?
not much just try to get rich daily an play games on the pc
i am only 20 years old
wow you are young like me
is your favorite color blue like me ?
lol no i don't have 1
persona
i like to make clothes.
i work for peta.
i am a vegetarian.
i love animals.
i make 50k a year.
persona II
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i've three dogs and two cats.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
i live in chicago.
dialogue
hi how are doing tonight ?
angry . i just watch some videos about people eating animals .
on youtube ? that sounds gross
it was . i work for peta and i watch new videos documenting violence against animals
i wish i could go vegan
i hope to go vegan too . but for now i am a vegetarian .
i like meat too much lol
i care too much about other living creatures to be eating them , even if they taste good !
i know . now i feel guilty
ahhhh do not feel guilty . we all do what we can , right ?
i refuse to buy leather
that is good ! i sew a lot and use natural fibers instead of leather in my clothes .
yes no need to harm animals for fashion
exactly . so what do you do for a living ?
persona
my parents aren't married anymore.
i like to read.
i like to go swimming.
i have one son.
i have epilepsy.
persona II
i love to run.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i ca swim very fast.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
i'm good . how are you ?
good . i just got back from having a run . feels good . love running
great ! i love to swim . i wanted to go earlier , but it was too cold .
i love to swim too . i can go really fast !
are you on any sports teams ?
no , but i used to be . i got a lot of trophies when i was young .
my son is on the swim team . he has earned some trophies , too . how old are you ?
i'm 25 . tell him to keep at it ! i also love to cook !
i wish i had more time to cook . my only hobby other than swimming is reading .
cool ! what do you like to read ? maybe you can read a cookbook and cook ;
funny ! i like mysteries . do you read much ?
no , not much . i need to be on the move , whether it be running or cooking
i have to be careful not to be on the move too much because of my epilepsy .
persona
i've two tattoos.
i enjoy shopping.
i have a cat named speckles.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
persona II
i like to swim in the lake.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to visit places around the world.
i like to paddle board.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
hello i'm great today and you
i great , excited that i'll be able to go swim in the lake
awesome i've a cat that i adore
i like to go visit places around the world so i am too busy for a pet
i understand that speckles lights up my life thou
lol that is funny , i like to paddleboard with my friends
i like to knit in my spare time
that's great i just to go to the lake and visit cabins in the woods
awesome do they have any shopping there
no just a lot of swimming , i have been to every state except the state of alaska
wow that's awesome i go to alaska for my tatoos
that's cool , i bet they're great out there
they truly are awesome to have
do you work outside of home ?
no i do not thank goodness
persona
i work in tv.
i love to sing.
i m a lesbian.
i don t treat my girlfriend very well.
persona II
i help my neighbor.
i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i live in a city.
i've a dog and we go for walks.
i am a grandmother.
dialogue
hi . how are you ? what do you like ?
i'm good . i like a lot of things and singing is one of them ! and you ?
i like to go for walks in the city . i walk with my dog .
that's good exercise ! good for you .
thanks . i like to get local fruits and vegetables . i go to the farmers market .
what do you do for work ? i am in television . big money for producers !
i don't work anymore . i am a grandma . i still live in the city .
well that's a fun job !
it is . when my neighbor needs help i am available . what else do you like ?
well i like girls . and i am a female . lesbian .
good for you . do you live in the city as well ?
no i live in the suburbs . i've a girlfriend .
do you have pets or hobbies ?
no . just singing . and i feel bad i treat my girlfriend poorly .
at least you feel bad about it . what do you like to sing ?
i sing classical music in an opera
persona
i love beef.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues.
i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
persona II
i'm a people person.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
but i am a frustrated driver.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
my husband works at a telecom.
dialogue
hey there how are you
hows it going ?
just another day haha how are you ?
same , just recovering from work . what do you do ?
well i am a mom . raising 2 girls is a job in itself
wow awesome ! i don't have kids but hopefully soon . have any hobbies ?
yea actually . when my husband isn't at work .
cool . i play guitar and video games . do you like music ?
i do like music . but i enjoy being outside . mountain climbing , hiking , camping etc
sweet . i like hiking with my dog , but he has some behavior issues
oh yes i can imagine .
yeah . i work from home and so he's kind of overly attached
we will see you are kind of a parent already haha
yeah i guess so haha
persona
i've a cat named george.
i read autobiographies before bed.
my favorite band is metallica.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
i regularly go to the gym.
persona II
i play the piano.
i am buying a house.
i paddle board on my days off.
i am a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i'm really good my crazy cat woke me up this morning
ah , i miss my cat . she passed a while ago .
i'm sorry to hear that my cat george is old too
i'm in the process of getting a house so i may get a new cat afterwards .
congratulations i heard the process is crazy i've a gym buddy thays a realtor
well , i am so busy working in the er its hard to make time to go look .
that sounds cool ! whats your favorite band ?
the red pelvises ! they do russian rockabilly .
lol total opposite i love metallica
nothing wrong with metallica ! i like metal too
i listened to them tonight while making chicken and rice my face
i love chicken and rice . i make extra for the other nurses in my unit .
it was nice talking to you
persona
i work in tv.
i do not treat my girlfriend very well.
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i love to sing.
i am a lesbian.
persona II
my job involves building drones.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i'm an anime fan.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am great . how are you
i am fine . thank you for asking
where do you work ? i am in the lime light all of the time .
my work involves building drones
that's interesting . what kind of drones ?
small drones , for security or whatever you like to use
that is pretty cool . what else do you do ?
i love to listen music , play guitar .
whats your favorite band ? i like maroon 5 .
i like anime , he is my favorite
i've never heard of him . what genre is that ?
he's a rap singer .
oh , i see . i don't listen to rap
that is why you do not know him
probably . do you listen to other singers ?
persona
i sell paper products for a living.
i have a daughter.
i am under 6 feet tall.
i am a great cook.
persona II
i prefer reading to sports.
i'm a gentle giant.
my family comes first to me.
i've survived near death experiences.
i sometimes drive fast.
dialogue
hey whats going on ? hows your day so far
hello ! my day is ok . what are you up to ?
just reading . i would rather read than watch football haha
i agree . i do not like football much either .
so are you aggressive at all ? i've been known as a gentle giant lol
no not really . having a daughter i had to shy away from that side of myself .
well that is always good . you just have one ?
yes , my only child so i'm quite protective of her . do you have kids ?
no i don't have any kids . i drive to fast to have kids yet haha
what kind of cars do you enjoy driving ?
well i own a 92 mustang fastback . i have almost died twice in it
wow . i bet those situations were scary !
persona
i like to cook.
i like gardening.
my children are mostly grown.
i live in a small city.
i've a cat named felix and a small terror names emmy.
persona II
i have a new job selling cars.
i love to paint pictures.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love meat.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i am very exciting about my new job !
i do not work , so let me hear all about your job
its selling cars . do you want to not work ?
i was a stay at home mom , now my kids are grown and away
what do you like doing now that they're away ? me painting and eating !
i love cooking and gardening . . . painting sounds fun
do you cook meat ! i love anything meat and pizza is my fav , of course !
i cook anything really , mostly with meat . and my cats watch me cook
my wife retired teacher can now cook more for me too !
where do you live ? were you affected by the storms at all ?
luckily , we aren't in ca . you ?
small city in new jersey , so not affected at all
glad to hear ! we got a lot of cars moved to the dealership because of storm
i could imagine , i see a lot of fl cars up here too
persona
my parents are both over age 100.
i build aquariums for a living.
my wife is legally deaf.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
i have six brothers.
persona II
i like to eat tune.
my cats like to be read to.
i've two cats.
i'm a librarian in my current job.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am well thanks . how are you ?
i am doing great ! me and my cats are reading a book . well i am they listen
what book are you reading ? i am taking care of my parents . they are over 100 .
a star wars story . wow i bet they have interesting stories to tell
they do . my brother in law uses them for inspiration ; he runs a major hollywood studio
you have a very interesting family .
and i've not even told you of my legally deaf wife and six brothers !
wow my life seems boring now i just work at a library as a librarian
that is awesome ! i build aquariums
that is cool do you make some for museums
i usually make the aquariums for local businesses .
oh ok that's still very cool . what is your favorite food
my favorite food is an old family recipe for italian pasta .
i love tuna i could have it every night
i don't like seafood .
i've to go it was nice talking to you
nice talking to you as well !
persona
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
i take fridays off in the summer.
i work in sales.
persona II
my mother is a school teacher.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i like to surf.
i listen to country music.
dialogue
what kind of music do you listen to ?
radiohead tame impala bands like that
i like lots but listen to a lot of country music
i work sales , i've a lot of country lovers
closest to sales i worked was as a clown once
in the summer , i take fridays off for events
what kind of events ? i surf in the summer
client events , if something goes wrong , i make it right
my mom fixes wrongs as a school teacher
its important to make people , and clients happy
i agree . that is what i did at the circus
what is your favorite pizza toppings ?
i like mushroom and spinach what about you ?
same , with feta cheese and onions
good thing i surf to keep off the weight from the pizza
yeah , pizza is really unhealthy
persona
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
my name is sarah.
i m a school teacher.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
persona II
i have a gambling problem.
i always eat my vegetables.
i'm fluent in spanish.
i love talking on the phone.
i love to go hiking.
dialogue
i think i need help . i am addicted to blackjack .
what is your name ? i am sarah . i've a suggestion for you .
my name is sam , and i've an addiction to high stakes blackjack
you should try reading and relaxing by a lake . i love doing that on the weekends .
that sounds nice . would my phone work there ? i need to talk to my homies
lol . yes it would . i'm a teacher . i take my students there all the time .
how many students do you have ? i'm teaching a spanish class this year
i've 15 students . i'm studying spanish . i know some spanish .
muy bien ! i bet i could go hiking by the lake , i would like that .
yes . it is very relaxing . do you watch golf and tennis on tv ?
i've not watched those but they sounds interesting
yes . they definitely are . i enjoy them a lot .
it is good to have hobbies , only bad when becomes addiction like mine
yes . i'm so sorry about that . i hope you take my advice .
i will try , i want to be normal again , instead of driven by this obsession
yes . you will be normal again .
persona
i like tailgate parties.
i have never been on an airplane.
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
my favorite season is duck hunting season.
persona II
my cats like to be read to.
i like to eat tune.
i'm a librarian in my current job.
i have two cats.
i like to read books.
dialogue
hi do you have a cat at home ?
no cat but i love duck hunting my favorite season
two cats at hime stress relievers for me
speaking of stress airplane flights never been on one
reading books too while working as a librarian
awesome on saturdays in the fall i tailgate before football games
wow , that is awesome , i tune to eat
i am not married girlfriend eloped to make it worse with my best friend
really that's interesting and
it was a real gut punch affected how i look at people
no it should not be like that
i know that's what my therapist tells me
that is at least you have some one with you help
exactly the more help the better
that's true just stick to it
i'll thanks for the support
persona
i like to listen to country music.
people say i can cook well.
i can play piano.
i surf everyday.
i work at a bar.
persona II
i'm single.
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
i have a lot of friends.
dialogue
hello ! how are you this evening ?
hi there i am good . i am listening to some country music . you ?
love country music . went shopping today and bought a new bmw
lol damn you got money . wanna come over and let me cook for you ?
sure i am not married
lol cool . maybe i can show you a thing or two on the paino
i would love it have always wished i could play
where do you work ? i am employed at a ba
i am an er nurse
oh nice . that is important lol . lets get a drink
i don't drink alcohol . water for me
i like to surf so i get enough water everyday
haha that is not what i meant lol
haha , what else do you do for fun ?
of course shop but my friends and i like to go out to eat
oh okay . i hear i cook pretty good . you like burgers ?
persona
i'm the head of the gun club.
i'm a poet.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i have a beta fish.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
persona II
i have 2 dogs.
i drive a red car.
i'm an accountant.
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i enjoy running.
dialogue
hello there ! what do you do for a living ?
hello . i am a former accountant and currently a sham .
what a coincidence ! i work in accounting too ! what do you do for fun ?
i mostly just hang out with the kiddos and enjoy kid friendly outings . you ?
oh that's nice ! i run track in my spare time and like music , especially bruno mars
yes , i like bruno mars as well . . . especially the versace song .
oh same ! do you like dogs ? i've two of them !
i'm terrified of dogs . been that way since i was a little girl
oh i'm sorry well mine are very friendly .
do you have any kids ?
i have a newborn ! i bought a red subaru when she was born , for safety !
congrats ! that was a really good idea . i have heard really good things about subaru .
definitely , that's why i bought one . how many children do you have ?
i have 5 . . . 2 girls and 3 boys .
ah , i hope to have a big family some day too !
yes , never a dull moment !
persona
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i really like technology.
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
persona II
i'm 25 years old.
my favorite color is blue.
i am in the military.
i was a wrestler in high school.
dialogue
hey ! what are you doing nowadays ?
hey ! i'm mainly free diving at the moment . how about you ?
i joined the military , actually ! i've always wanted to free dive , that sounds like so much fun .
its pretty cool . so , you into technology ? i am .
i should as a millennial , but i do not always have access .
ok . you are younger than me then . i'm getting older i would love to live forever !
me too , i used to wrestle but now my body is too out of shape .
you have any pets ? i have a small dog and a bigger cat .
i wish ! i move around too much . i hope i'll settle down when i am your age .
yeah i wouldn't be younger again . too much hassle !
how old are you now ?
i am 55 . enjoying life
wow , and still free diving ! that's impressive .
i don't work so i need something to keep me out of trouble !
persona
i have always had long hair.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i m saving up to buy a new camera.
i enjoy running at night.
i like spicy food.
persona II
she taught me to cook.
she died when i was 18.
i've a dog.
my mother is from russia.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing
great , i am eating some spicy food
what kind of food is it
all food as long as it is spicy . not too much spicy food where i work
where do you work at
at the movie theatre . i've been here for four years . what about you
i cook for a living
nice . i'm working hard so i can buy a new camera
why do you need a new camera
so i can take better pictures on my nightly runs
what kind of runs do you do
regular runs at night . i have to tie my long hair back , too
i guess i don't understand
what other things do you like ?
persona
my daughters say i'm a great mother.
i have a family of three daughters.
i am a woman.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
persona II
i like canning and whittling.
i eat exclusively meat.
my favorite movie is good burger.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am exhausted , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing very well , just watching my favorite movie good burger
i've never seen that . supernatural and arrow are big with my girls .
do they eat meat as well or are they vegan ?
they will eat any animal that's standing still longer than three seconds .
wow they sounds like vampires
they take after their father , he grew up on a cattle ranch .
that's very cool , ride and stallions while on the ranch ?
not stallions , they're too unpredictable . geldings are the best work horses .
does he do any whittling or canning , i like to do both
no , not at all . i do all of the cooking and baking .
do you enjoy it or do you just do it to make him happy
i enjoy it . he's a horrid cook and i do not want him in my kitchen .
what is your favorite thing to cook
paella , gumbo , jambalaya , anything like that .
persona
i want to move to london when i get older.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i have 3 brothers.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i love soccer.
persona II
i love folk metal.
i like tacos.
i talk in my sleep.
i own a cat.
dialogue
hi , what is folk metal ?
i think it must be a type of music genre that i haven't heard of .
oh ok , do you have a favorite taco place ?
i enjoy a taco place in london . do you have a favorite hobby ?
i enjoy swimming in my free time .
fun ! i like to play soccer in my spare time . what is your profession ?
i am credit analyst , 16 years at the company .
i m an accountant at nike but i prefer investing in the stock market .
i've a bad habit of talking in my sleep .
i used to do that as a kid . my 3 older brothers would tease me .
do you have any pets ? i've a cat .
i've a dog . do you have any plans for your future ?
not really , just live it day to day . hope to be out of debt one day soon .
i hear you . i really want to live in london some day so i m saving .
persona
i have a pet dog.
i am a student.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an only child.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i only date people taller than me.
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
i really like technology.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
dialogue
hello do you wish you could live forever ? i do
i'd if i can eat pizza every day
that is cool . i love my new samsung phone . i love all the new gaits
yes that is a nice phone . it would be nice if i could get a red one
my ex has the red . we brok up cause he's too short
wow my classmate did the same thing . i go to school
cool . i'm not biased about size . my dog is smaller than the cat
i've a dog . we got the dog because i'm the only child
instant company . how cool was that ! i like to drive free
drive as free as the wind !
what grade are you in ?
i am in the 11th grade now
persona
i have freckles.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i like to bake brownies.
i love wearing flip flops.
i love laughing.
persona II
i like to play video games.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i play guitar on my free time.
i live alone.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
doing good just got done taking a pan of brownies out of the oven yum
that sounds great . i am a chef !
neat so you could bake a pan of brownies that taste great too
i can , and do most nights .
where do you live ? i live in florida
me too ! though , we are in vegas , at a police softball tourney
since being in florida my skin is covered in freckles and flip flops are my friend
i don't wear flips , they make my feet hurt .
i love wearing them so comfy
are you a gamer ? i love fallout .
no i'm not . have you ever been to tanzania ? i have a good friend there
i've not . i've been to south africa , it was amazing .
my best friend told me a joke and i can't stop laughing , love to laugh
gonna share ? i love jokes .
it would take too long to write it out
persona
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i'm in 3rd grade.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
persona II
i am single.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a cyclist.
my father used to be a cop.
dialogue
hello how are you what are you doing today ?
hi ! i need some advice .
ok but i'm single and a cyclist . i love pizza and my dad is a cop
i like pizza too ! so does my little brother . he is six . i just turned nine !
i love to see them someday
i'd have to okay it with my mom and dad first .
just let me know if its ok
i just moved here from australia . i am having trouble making friends .
its ok i can be your friend for now
um , how old are you ?
i'm 88 and still strong
that's amazing ! you are even older than my grandma .
yes that's why i'm here
i only get an hour of computer time a day . i mostly just play soccer .
that's fun i wish i can still play
you used to play soccer ? were you on a team for a long time ?
persona
i'm single.
my father used to be a cop.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a cyclist.
persona II
i m not going to go the extra mile anymore.
i want to get married again.
i have 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i m angry at my coworker.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i am ok . i am ready for my pizza .
that is nice . i'm ready to quit my job !
why ? i'm a waiter so i can eat all the pizza i want .
that is pretty cool . i wanted a promotion and i have been in the company for years
my dream job would be to be a cyclist for pay , instead of hobby .
wow , that's amazing . i am starting to give up on my job . . .
oh . are you a police officer because my dad was . you might know him .
i am not sure if i know him .
maybe not . what is your job ?
i am in the hospitality industry . been there 10 years
oh . being single i get to work a lot and lots of pizza .
i am single too ! it was really nice talking but i almost have to go !
oh me too . time for more pizza !
persona
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i am a mother of three.
i am bipolar.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
my dad was a cop.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
i am tall.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hi i'm doing well how are you
well , thanks . what do you like to spend your time doing ?
i play with my sons and daughter might have a fourth kid soon
wow , you must be busy . i enjoy volunteering at elderly nursing facilities .
that's awesome i am a morning nurse at a local hospital
so not too different ! my father used to be a policeman .
that is great police are so caring people say so much about them that is bad tho
i know . its sad . what else do you enjoy ?
i like to eat hummus on pita flat bread
well , ok ! i like red things but i'm tall so the color does not look good on me .
that is not cool i'm sorry your favorite color does not look good on you
persona
i've blonde hair.
i've twelve kids.
i'm 53 years old.
i am obese.
i live in alabama.
persona II
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i am a zookeeper.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
dialogue
hi there , how are you tonight ?
i'm ok , worried about my surgery tomorrow . you ?
i'm sorry about that , we are familiar with surgery in my family .
twelve kids took its toll . i'm having a gastric bypass to lose weight
wow ! i hope that makes you happier and healthier .
me too ! i think 53 is still young . i want to be healthy .
my wife beat breast cancer , surgery was part of it . you'll be ok
thanks ! i colored my hair blonde in case i die . want to look good .
good choice , i'm a zookeeper . no hair dying .
cool ! i wish we had a better zoo here in alabama
my wife works with me and we train 20 kinds of animals
that sounds so fun . what do you do for hobbies ?
hang out with my family my daughter just graduated
was it high school or college graduation ?
persona
i wish i had money to travel.
i live alone with my dog.
i've an iq of 250.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
my parents died in a plane crash.
persona II
i owe two laptops.
i love chocolate.
i love watching anime.
my grandparents are dead.
dialogue
hey hows it going how are you
i'm fine and you ?
good . good . my gramps are dead
oh , no ! my parents died in a horrible car crash last year . i live with my dog .
apart from them i love anime
i like designing matchstick houses .
well have some chocolates . i love them too
my iq is 250 ! do you read a lot ?
just the bible and some
good ! i want to travel more , money issues though !
ukr . travel is lit . its hard to get money
it truly is ! i'm going to get there though ! goals lol
yea we all are . see you soon
very soon ! i cannot wait !
persona
i watch south park at least once a day.
i currently hold three jobs.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
persona II
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i m really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i m deathly terrified of heights.
winter s my favorite time of the year.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
i'm good and you
pretty good . i just got back from walmart and they had soda on sale .
that's cool do you want to watch southpark
yeah , its a pretty funny show .
i love it i watch it daily
i am more of a game of thrones fan . do you watch it ?
it is pretty cool but i don't watch often
i just really want to see how it ends so i can stop watching it .
i understand that that is what you must wait for
its coming , just like winter , which is also my favorite season .
i like winter but i'm more into summer
do you like the heat versus the cold ?
yes i think i do i love the warm weather
persona
i used to work for a cable company.
i love to ride my bike.
i like my job.
i like going to the beach.
persona II
i've horrible allergies.
i still love my cat despite all this.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
i can t stand clutter or dust.
dialogue
hello ! allergies are terrible this time of year !
hi ! ! i enjoy a good walk to the beach no allergies !
that sounds awesome ! i just don't like the dusty sand .
i understand . its a great place to ride my bike though .
do you ride your bike often ?
yes i do . i actually really enjoy it .
it is good to have a hobby . do you have any pets ?
i don't . and yes it is . my other is hobby is my job . love it .
i've a cat , even with my allergies . what is your job ?
i play as a metal musician . used to be a cable guy but upgraded life . haha
that's a huge change ! i approve ! ! !
thank you . its a true story too believe it or not ! !
you must be a good musician if you make a career out of it .
it is a small career . i also promote metal shows in the midwest .
persona
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i am training to be a welder.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i love riding roller coasters.
persona II
i enjoy going to festivals.
i recently started working online.
my friends don t call my by my real name.
i eat meat.
my favorite band is the story so far.
dialogue
i like selling my art at art festivals . do you have any hobbies ?
art ? nice . i'm a movie buff . action in particular . sometimes horror .
my new job is working online so now i have more free time to watch movies
new job ? me too ! what sort of job did you get ?
customer service . now i can eat beef jerky at work and i love meat
sounds nice . i am doing an internship so i'll not even be paid for my trouble .
my friends and boss do not even know my real name . they only know my screen name
that's interesting . . . are you a gm on a game or something ?
no but i get to enjoy going to music festivals for my job and its fun
dad bailed when i was young but always went to those . more of a coaster guy , myself .
right now i am working and listening to a cool new band , the story so far
haha great band . i am listening to i see stars at the moment .
my dad bailed too , that's why nobody uses my real name , i would have to be jr .
deadbeat dads are the worst , right ?
persona
i love spicy food.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
my mother is a housemaid.
i like swimming.
i am an only child.
persona II
my biggest fear in life is heights.
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
hello , i am doing great . packing for a trip to mexico .
how nice ! i have heard it is a great place to visit .
it is , one of my favorite countries .
i wish i could travel more
me too , i only can travel five times a year .
five is a lot of times , i would be lucky if i could travel once a year
i work hard , and so does my mom . we travel together .
do you have any heros ?
my husband is my hero , he is a detective .
i used to be a big fan of superman when i was little
i do love the winter soldier .
that's to do with captain america is it not ?
yes , it does . my mom is in love with iron man .
ha ha , i do like the new wonder woman film
my mother looks like her mother , it was so weird .
persona
i love mac and cheese.
i like to watch tv.
i like to sit on couch all day.
i make cars for a living.
i make 30k a year.
persona II
i am funny.
i have sausage fingers.
i like sprite soda.
i'm bloated.
i can draw.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
evening , i'm well . yourself ?
pretty good thank you
no problem . what do you do for a living ? i make cars .
i draw for a living .
wish i could . i can barely do stick figures
lol i wish i could make cars that's great
ll touche , this mac and cheese is delicious lol
that sounds good i would love that with sprite soda
watching tv and sitting on the couch all day . . . my life
that's what i do most of the time also
ll we live the american dream
yes this is true lol
wish my salary was more than 30k for what i do though
persona
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i'm an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
persona II
i love helping people.
i'm a older woman.
my favorite food is pasta.
i live in a rural area.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
dialogue
hi , is anyone out there ?
yes there's somebody out here
how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well , i just got a new deny shirt .
what is a deny shirt ?
a brand called donna karen new york , its my favorite .
oh dear , i do not know anything about fancy brands .
its okay . its a hobby of mine to go shopping on sundays after choir .
walmart is where i do all my shopping .
there isn'thing wrong with walmart , that's where i get teaching supplies .
when i get a chance to go to town , since i live out in the boonies .
is there a church near you ? or is that far too .
oh yes , there are a few .
that is good . i like to read the bible , but there'sn'thing like congregating at church .
persona
i m the middle child of 3 siblings.
i m a babysitter.
i have a sweet tooth.
i drive a mercedes.
persona II
i live in a retirement home.
i am an old woman.
my grandson s favorite type of cake is chocolate.
my children vist often.
dialogue
well hello , how are you on this fine day ?
hi ! i'm pretty well , sitting here eating my doughnut !
sounds delicious , my grandson loves chocolate cake , i bet he would love chocolate cake doughnuts .
for sure ! i hate it when i drop them in my mercedes though , what a mess !
wow , a mercedes , that would be difficult with kids around , do you have any ?
i do not , but i do babysit . i like hanging around kids though .
nice , my kids visit me in my nursing home a lot , kids are the best .
aw , that's great , i am so glad they visit you often .
yes i am very lucky . what do you do for work ?
i babysit , and play bingo when i feel lucky .
do you make a lot of money at that ?
i make enough , but it is a fun way to pass the time
it sounds like it , i enjoy bingo too , we have a game once a week here .
wonderful , do you win often ?
persona
i don t work.
i like to swim.
i hate tacos.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
persona II
i want to feel pretty.
i want to be desired.
i like to eat.
i feel overweight.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing ok . how about you ?
thinking about what food i want for dinner tonight
yum ! my favorite is chicken parm . whatever you do , not tacos !
mexican food is my favorite ! uh oh . lol
i can not stand tacos ! other mexican food is ok though . what is your favorite ?
sushi ! i've to be careful , its easy to eat more than i should
i can understand that . that's why i go to the gym to swim every morning .
you must feel great ! i want to feel that way
what do you like to do for fun ?
swimming is awesome . i spend time on makeup and hair tutorials mostly !
hmm . . . maybe i should look into that . i need a hobby now that i'm not working .
it makes me feel good about myself ! how long have you been out of work ?
about 6 months . it can be depressing . what do you do for work ?
i am sorry . i am a plexus consultant , motivated mostly because i wanna lose weight
that sounds interesting . i am looking to start a diet , but i love chocolate milk !
persona
i like to watch movies.
i am a mother of 5.
i like to do crafts.
i like all types of music.
i like to draw.
persona II
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
one of my favorite shows is face off on syfy.
i like things in organized.
i'm a stay at home mom.
i enjoy a good run.
dialogue
hey ! i'm a mom who loves to stay at home .
wow , i'm a mom who loves movies . how many kids ?
i love shows more my favorite is face off on syfy . 2 kids
i've five . do you like music ? do you want to be mom bffs ?
i love cooking but not baking . of course that would be cool .
will you bake for me ? i'll make you some crafts .
i will bake for you i love running as well . what is your favorite thing to do ?
hmm , maybe drawing . i could draw you .
i like it when my things are kept well and organized . do you like organizing things ?
well that is a little hard with 5 kids .
yeah i can imagine with just two its so difficult !
i want to go to a mom summer camp , to get a break
yeah that's a great idea and a relief for any mom !
would you like to go with me ?
persona
i make a million dollars a year.
i went to miami university.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i am married and have three kids.
persona II
i am next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
madonna is my sister.
i have five cats.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
i'm good . how about that hurricane
glad i'm not in the path . would not know what to do with my pets !
me neither , let alone wrangle up my 3 kids
that would be a hassle for sure . imagine wrangling up my 5 cats lol .
i wonder how miami u is holding up i am an alumni there
oh ? its nice except i wish the m was blue instead of red . love blue !
ink i like orange like the baltimore orioles
baseball , nice ! my husband had taco bell catered to a game once . he is the ceo .
i play for them orioles
yeah , and i've a sister named madonna . . . lol . how long have you been playing ?
long enough making a 1 mil a year
emil ? dang ! i wanna be queen of england and have the orioles play for me !
i would do it too !
persona
i like to eat beef.
i've many girlfriends.
i like to wear boots.
i like to ride horses.
persona II
i commute by bus.
i have 3 science classes.
i work part time in the campus library.
i just started college.
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
feeling good . just finished a plate of beef . yourself ?
i love me some beef , just got back from college .
cool . what is your major ?
i'm majoring in science , taking 3 different classes actually .
i have been thinking about going back to school . have a girlfriend ?
i do not , maybe next year when i move in to the dorms .
well let me know because i've quite a few on deck . enough to share .
quite a few girls on deck ? that's awesome i'd love that .
yeah they're always blowing my phone up . got a job ?
no job yet but hoping to be a physicist someday , you ?
i want to have a ranch . maybe some livestock . pipe dreams for now .
pipe dreams are the best dreams , if you catch my drift .
do you smoke ? like crack or something ?
no i do not , i'm just a college student who works in the library !
oh you should try it at least once . its not as bad as everyone says .
persona
i like rock climbing.
i have a dog.
i am gluten free.
my hair is black.
i am a writer.
persona II
i like to role play.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a morning person.
i love cars.
i do not like animals.
dialogue
how is it going tonight ? i'm tired , getting ready for bed here . you ?
hello , i'm just getting my night started , i'm more creative at night .
not me . mornings are my best time .
ugh . mornings are horrid . i prefer the night .
it is easier to see my car engine in the morning . what is your hobby ?
rock climbing , developing gluten free recipes , dying my hair which is black .
cool ! i really love rpgs , larps , cosplay , etc . i love the costuming .
i love steampunk . i do cosplay every now and then .
have any good gluten free pizza recipes ? i'm always looking for new ones .
no , not yet . i tried the cauliflower pizza crust , it was disgusting .
yeah , i have heard that's pretty bad . not even fit for a dog .
most of the cauliflower hacks are gross . like the buffalo trick .
what is the buffalo trick ? i have not heard of that one .
it is wing sauce and it is supposed to taste like chicken wings , it doesn't .
persona
i like to cook.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i work 9 to 5 job.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
persona II
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
my lifes goal is to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
dialogue
would you like to buy an encloypedia ?
only if you have the encyclopedia of baking , i love to bake .
i might have it in my inventory . i'm a traveling salesman .
i manage my family restaurant . then , i take the leftover breads to a soup kitchen
that's very kind of you .
i like to help people . i know what its like to be in a difficult place .
i don't make as much as i would like with sales .
i don't make that much here either , but it pays the bills .
i supplement with a job at a gas station
that'sn't a bad place to work .
my life long goal is to be the worlds best encyclopedia seller .
mine is to open a bakery when i retire .
persona
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
i like standing in the rain.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
persona II
i own a ford truck.
i like ford cars.
i also like ford trucks.
my truck is black.
i've a ford f150.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hi there , i'm bob .
i love cars . my name is penny
i'm a dancer , what do you do ?
i sell paintings . i love to draw
nice i would love to do that
i love my truck it helps me out a lot with my business
my pc is soo slow
i know my computer has been doing that . why is that ?
must be all of the midget porn
rolling laughing my out loud
glad i could make you laugh
how many of these have you done you seem familiar
too many , i should take a break i think
it seems easy but the money doesn't add up
are you in nyc today ?
persona
i eat healthy.
i make straight as.
i am in the band.
i'm very social.
i am a high school student.
persona II
i am studying to be a dentist.
my favorite team is the raptors.
my favorite band is rise against.
i like sports.
i usually go to bed late.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi i'm good ! i'm jared , just finishing up on some homework . what are you up to ?
i'm also a student
that's cool ! what grade are you in ?
i am actually studying in dental school .
oh wow ! i am in 11th grade . are you almost done with dental school ?
yes . i hope to become a dentist soon .
i want to be a lawyer . first i've to get into a good college though .
studying is a lot of work . i usually have to stay up late
me too ! i have straight as so i study alot too .
do you play any sports ?
no , but i in my high school band . i play drums . do you play sports ?
i play some basketball , but i mostly just watch it on tv
that's cool . i like to go to basketball games with my friends .
my favorite team is the raptors
the toronto raptors ? are you canadian ?
persona
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
i am from san fransico.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
persona II
i have one son.
i have epilepsy.
my parents aren't married anymore.
i like to go swimming.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i'm home with my son .
you have a son ? whats his name ?
my only son is jason . we go swimming together as treatment for my epilepsy .
cool i like to swim . i like talking to random strangers . love it
me too . my parents are not married , so i do not have people to talk to .
i love drinking beer . i've only had one but i just got started
i do not like drinking with my epilepsy .
would it effect you epilepsy . i do not know much about it . hope you are well
i am too afraid to find out if it would affect me .
do you work ? have any hobbies ?
i go swimming with my son .
nice i thought maybe you did other stuff . like smell farts . i do
that's certainly an interesting hobby .
its not my fault . nothing is
that so ? you believe yourself to be blameless ?
i certainly am . nothing is my fault . i'm flawless
persona
i love my job.
i love all animals.
my favorite music is country.
i am a vegan.
i used to work as an actress.
persona II
my favorite coffee is french vanilla.
i'm a gymnast.
i've a black and white cat named cow.
i have been dating my boyfriend for over 10 years.
i hate the feeling of chalk.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
good how are you doing today
just enjoying a french vanilla coffee . my favorite , you ?
yes i love french vanilla coffee i am a vegan are u
yes , i respect cows a lot . even named my black and white cat cow
ha that's funny do u have a job i like mine alot
does pro gymnast count as a job ? only downside is i hate the feel of chalk
yes anything works as a job if your getting paid
after dating my boyfriend for 10 years , i guess he is my main job though haha
lmfao that funny so any way i used to be an actress
wow . what did you play ?
i was a hollywood actor who perform in blockbuster films loll
wow . who are you ? o
well i can't tell u its a secret but any i'm retired now i'm old
i wish i was . ready to just kick back and drink french vanilla coffee all day
i know u said you have a cat btw i enjoy all animals do you
persona
i've several children.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
we have a dog.
my parents are still married.
persona II
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
i like standing in the rain.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello there sweetie . i'm well . how about yourself ?
hold on a second have to clean my glasses never quite clean !
my oldest child is like that . i always have to help him out .
am doing really well . thanks ! what are you up to today ?
i'm taking a break from harvesting these crops and making lunch .
so loving this fall weather . and you ? wow what crops ?
we are supposed to have snow soon . the machines went through , just gleaning the potato fields .
love nature . especially dancing in the rain . snow ? !
yup usually it falls around halloween . i bet it will hit early this year
where are you from ? utah ?
southern idaho . good guess though .
heard it snowed a bit there recently . what is idaho like ?
it is beautiful but harsh .
persona
i like movies based on comedies.
i am a ballet dancer.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
persona II
i have been in 3 triathlons.
i like snowboarding.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
i have only one child.
my daughter just graduated college.
dialogue
hey , just got back from my evening run , what is going on with you ?
practicing my pirouette and finding a comedy movie to watch . what kind of work do you do ?
just your typical boring job , not much interesting about me there . what do you do ?
professional ballet dancing , like my parents before they died in a car accident
oh i am so sorry , that must have been so hard ! how old were you ?
thank you . that's why i watch comedy movies , they help . what do you watch ?
i do not really have much time to watch anything between all my activities
do you enjoy eating ? hamburgers are the tastiest food !
i like anything that gives me enough energy to get through my daily 2 mile run !
awesome . maybe i should try running to stay in shape for dancing ?
maybe , yeah ! honestly , i only do it to stay in shape for my triathlons
they sound important . what else is important to you ?
my daughter ! she just graduated and she means the world to me
congratulations ! what kind of food do you like ?
persona
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i have one little girl.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i graduated top of my class.
my wife is a college professor.
persona II
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i am glad that i work from home.
i enjoy playing computer games.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
pretty good . worked a late night last night at the hospital .
i'm thankful i can work at home , what do you do there ?
i'm a surgeon . it is rewarding but stressful .
i design video games and monitor social media . i love working from my bed .
that must be nice . do you have any pets ?
i do , i've two dogs . bentley and brody .
my little girl wants to get a dog . what breeds are they ?
bentley is a bassett hound and brody is a rottweiler .
i'm thinking a maltese because they do not shed .
these were rescues , and those are nice dogs .
with my work , and my wife busy at college , it will be jills responsibility .
i always had to take care of my pets , nothing wrong with that .
it might help her build character . we expect a lot from her .
persona
i hate wearing make up.
i have really long fingernails.
my favorite color is orange.
i own a hot pink moped.
persona II
i've 3 small dogs.
i have a personal trainer.
i tutor kids in my spare time.
i love to ride bikes.
dialogue
hi there , how are you tonight ?
i am fine , how are you ?
i'm wore out from tutoring a group of kids all day
what do you tutor ?
math , they are horrible with numbers .
i'm too , i'm almost as bad at math as i'm with putting on makeup
i feel you . i really enjoy riding bikes with my personal trainer
i do not really like bikes but i do have a bright pink moped
neat , that sounds really cool . do you like dogs ?
i do like dogs , do you have any ?
yes . i am so glad you asked . three !
that is amazing , what breeds are they ?
mutts , and they are pretty small too .
i prefer people who get dogs from shelters , much better than breeders
persona
i like soccer.
i love game of thrones.
i'm a vegan.
my brother used to be in the navy.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
persona II
i walk three miles home every night.
my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.
i always wear something purple.
i work in fast food.
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
dialogue
i'm bill and all my attire is purple .
that s cool purple is my jersey in soccer
i have a job at wendys . what do you do ?
i m still a full time student but my brother is serving in the navy
very cool . i gotta walk home from work every night . 3 miles .
that s so cool you should try to get some mashed potato getting home that s my favorite
we have baked potatos there .
here you mean yes big cans vegan is my diet
i should go vegan . i want to study krav maga . looking for a dojo .
try to see the game of thrones i really like those
i love game of thrones !
really why do you like it so much
i have been folowing it for years . i love that kind of drama .
me too i really like it so much
i also like the gifted . good show .
oh i should see that one tomorrow
persona
my sister is a published author.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
i vacation in florida every winter.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i have borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
dialogue
what is your favorite thing to do ?
my sister makes me proud man
does she party hard , like i do in the atlanta clubs scenes ?
skiing , i was once a champion she's a published arthur good stuff
i love partying , its good for my mild personality disorder .
this is a bad season for florida i can't wait till the winter
good thing i am in atlanta , over her i never miss any music fests !
i love the sun an the unset cus its yellow
me too ! is not it cool how my universe works , you just live in it .
we nis the next 1 ? i wanna nowhat is your universe like ? let me know
my universe is full of dental patients , i am a dental assistant . you ?
lol what really ? how ? lol
i've to travel to ritzy parts of town , where i work in a dental office .
really ? cool , i use to ki in college
persona
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
i love the smell of leather.
i love to skate and ski.
persona II
i like video games.
i am diabetic.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my mother worked for apple.
dialogue
i just finished playing games video games
fun . i have been playing with my two dogs . do you like pets ?
well this isn't gonna help me with my diabetes
maybe you could try an activity to take your mind off of it ? i like skating
rock music is what i really like
do you enjoy video games
i am spoiled because apple is where my mom works
do you have pets ? i have 4 cats that i just love
yes i'm just now going on
good . i love outdoor things i ski in the winter
are you in the states ?
yes i am . are you ?
yes but i am guessing i am far from you
maybe . it is warm here , i should wash my car
persona
i was raised by two mothers.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
persona II
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
my husband just decided to leave me.
i am 50 years old.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm fine and how are you ?
i am doing well , any plans this weekend ?
not really , maybe cook some good food for the weekend
i am trying to plan a meal for my kids
try some spaghetti and meatballs that's my all time favorite
i made that last night so i need to make something different
when i was young my moms would take turns making meals , i've 2 moms
that's nice family dynamic . my husband decided to abandon us
really , sorry about that . . . my boyfriend works at nasa we live in florida , where are you ?
we live in oklahoma a small city
i used to feel funny i had 2 moms , but what others think doesn't matter
as long it is a loving home who cares
i hope you live a great life , it was nice talking with you
same to you as well . i wish you the best
how many children do you have ?
persona
i want to move to las vegas.
i want to go back to school.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
i want to learn self defense.
persona II
i think the moon landing was faked.
i talk very fast.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i like the color red.
dialogue
hi what do you do ?
i am a waitress now , but wish to go back to school
i just want to first say . . . we never went to the moon !
ok sure lol i am looking into self defense classes
a butt kicking waitress ? looking to change professions i guess ?
actually looking to move , to vegas actually .
you ll need self defense there no doubt
that's what i was thinking , any hobbies ?
not really just mostly work . i m a typist . . . an extremely good one !
cool , yea me either i just usually watch netflix
i like to chat online mostly , as people think i talk too fast
sounds like fun . do you have any pets ?
no pets . do you have them ?
i do i have a cat named gizmo
persona
nike cleats are my favorite.
i'm a goalie.
i joined a new team last month.
my number is 42.
persona II
i love to fish.
i love to cut down trees.
i cut down trees very fast , because i've a large ax.
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm good , just warming up for practice , how are you ?
great , relaxing after cutting down trees today .
why did you cut down trees ?
i use the wood to heat my home in the winter .
how cold is it right now ?
it isn't cold yet , but i start preparing early .
oh that is very smart . my coach says you should always be prepared
ha ha ! do you have any hobbies ?
i like to play soccer alot
that sounds fun . i really enjoy fishing .
fishing is really boring , not quick pace like soccer
no it is not fast paced at all , it is very relaxing .
you like to relax alot ?
a little . it was nice talking to you .
it was nice talking to you to
persona
my father was a cop.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
my mother was a teacher.
i'm a truck driver.
persona II
i'm a meat eater.
i love country music.
i drive a big truck.
i like football on tv.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
hello , meat eater , country music , football , hunting and own a huge truck . you ?
hello , here truck driver nice to met you
oh okay . do you sing or dance ?
no you can ask me cars
great ! what kind of truck do you have ?
do you car with a manuel transmission
no . hmmm i thought i had lost you . you eat meat ?
teacher mother and cop father lived virginia
oh okay . you like country music ?
yes . where do you live
oh okay . milwaukee . i love tv football . you ?
yes but only watch . truck driver job consuming time .
hmmm . did your father hunt ?
no my father was cop and only catch guilty people
i see . what grade do you teach ?
my mother was teacher not me . my job is truck driver
persona
i've two roomates.
i like to cook.
i've two dogs.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
persona II
i enjoy playing computer games.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i am glad that i work from home.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
dialogue
hi are you on any social media sites ?
hello , no no media sites yet
i spend a lot of time on facebook and instagram .
i spend more of my time working
working at home allows me to spend some time with social media .
yes that good i work at home part time too
do you have any pets ?
yes i have three cats , what about you
i have a dog and cat who like to lay in my bed .
cute , i love baking in my spear time , how about you
i play computer games in my spare time also like to read .
that great , are you still in school
no i haven't been in school for many years . how about you ?
same here but i been taking some class
what classes are you taking ? i never enjoyed college but got my degree .
well i taking some history and math
persona
i've a pet husky.
i like to race rc cars.
i like to play nintendo.
i love to eat fish.
i live in the great white north.
persona II
i like to surf.
my mother is a school teacher.
i listen to country music.
i'm a reality tv star.
dialogue
vera here . i didn't die . i surf , teach and sing . you ?
did you almost die ? i am a big video gamer , especially nintendo
me too ! you ever watch my show dine on swine ? you should .
ew is that about eating pigs ? i prefer fish
me too ! but i'm an author and tv star . you ?
so you are famous ? do i know you ?
yes ! my mother teaches rabbits sex education . you dance ?
i've never seen a class on rabbit sex . strange . no i do not dance
you have a pet pig ? i do . country music makes me hot . you ?
no but i do have a husky ! i live up north and we don't like country
i see . one time i made a unicorn on my show cry . you eat horse meat ?
no that's disgusting ! only fish
i love nude surfing . you ? fave cologne is fish away .
i love remote controlled cars , that's what i do for fun
hmmm . would you be a guest on dine on swine ? i am a star . come on !
sure . i'd like to give it a try
persona
i like to cook.
my parents don't really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
i got married when i was young.
i moved to america when i was 14.
persona II
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i'm considered a nerd by many.
i love computers.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
dialogue
hey whats up ? hows your day
not much how are you
busy . just started a new job with google . working on self driving car statistics
i love to cook but hate going shopping for the stuff . awesome job
i'm a bit of a computer nerd . lol at least that's what people label me as
that's funny . my parents do not speak much english at home
well that sucks . doesn't seem logical with how good you are a typing in english
i speak both english and italian .
that is awesome . i wish i could speak 2 languages
i moved to the usa when i was just 14
howso you are not very familiar with the american culture huh ? everything pretty new to you ?
yes but i got married very young so my hubby helps
persona
i've a lot of medical bills.
i m very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i used to be able to run really fast.
i have problems chewing my food.
my mother is in the hospital.
persona II
i love rock music.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm engaged.
i'm taking courses online.
dialogue
hi there . i listen to rock music with my fiance . what do you do ?
hi , i wish i had time to enjoy life like that . i am drowning in medical bills
that is too bad . you should do my job and make more money
does it involve the hospital in any way . i am really familiar with them now and the doctors
it is in the hospital , but i'm taking online courses to get another job
you may know my mother then . she is been in hospital a while now .
maybe . does she like rock music ? i do
she might . she struggles to chew her food , as do i , but they finally took her in
why do you struggle to chew food ?
it just seems to run in the family
hm . well , if you need a ride , i can take you
that would be so nice . what do you drive ?
a cab as a contractor for the local company
what else do you do ?
persona
i want to feel pretty.
i like to eat.
i feel overweight.
i am a mother.
i want to be desired.
persona II
i am a weight lifter.
my country is russia.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
i'm a olympian.
dialogue
hi , i bet i am way cooler than you .
you probably are . i am an overweight mother ; no one wants me .
i'm so fabulous . from mother russia .
i want to feel fabulous and beautiful too . i eat all the time .
i am preparing for the olympics again . how much do you weigh
i am overweight , and do not like disclosing my weight . it makes me feel undesirable .
i bet i could light you .
you could light me ?
i meant , lift . sorry . english is my second language .
that's okay . i am much too overweight to be lifted .
i can squat alot . around 400 . i can bench too , around 340 .
you sound quite self assured of yourself .
i'm best . can i lift you ? will you be my wife ?
i'm not used to people liking me , but i like this .
persona
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
my name is mary.
persona II
i am an avid fisherman.
i know how to play the guitar.
i hate fast food.
i have a george foreman grill at home.
i like to race go carts.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hey there , i am well , you ?
i'm good do you work
i work as a receptionist at my local doctors office , you ?
i fish for my job
do you anything outside of work ?
i play guitar a lot
just for fun ? or for like school
in my spare time really
as long as it is something that you enjoy
yeah do you like fast food
some , not really like mcdonalds
i despise it too that's good
i do enjoy taco bell though
persona
i've 2 dogs as pets.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i love dogs.
persona II
i work in an animal shelter.
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
i ve never met my father.
i speak fluent french.
my mother works at a bank.
dialogue
bon jour ! my name is annie , i love baby animals especially otters
oh , hi , i am olivia . i love animals too . i have two dogs .
nice ! what are you reading lately ?
i am reading a book about dog allergies . my mom is allergic to them .
oh i'm sorry , my mom works at a bank and she's allergic to nickel alloys
oh , wow , one of my dogs ate a nickel once . what do you do ?
wait for the change . lol
haha . i am looking for a dog sitter for when i visit my parents .
oops i was taking my mushroom ravioli off of the stove bon appetite !
oh , that sounds delicious . do you speak french ?
qui , my father died before i was born and he was from brittany . so i learned
oh , i am sorry . one of my dogs is french , a poodle .
ha ha , where do your parents live
florida , but i have to leave my dogs when i visit .
persona
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i don t like my reputation.
i have a harsh inner critic.
i don t like feeling controlled.
persona II
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
dialogue
what did you do today ?
i did not do much today . it was a relaxing day . what about you ?
i worked at the gas station today . nothing too exciting
do you work at the gas station ?
yes i do . i'm a cashier there
i use to be a cashier at that gas station . but i got fired though
what did you get fired for ?
stealing money . i should have gone to court and jail but didn't .
oh no ! maybe i should i could use the money when i move to san diego
i'dn't recommend it . i got away with it cause i was close with the manger
i am too young to go to jail and ruin my life . i am only 25
i am 23 but i kind of wish i can take that mistake back sometimes
i bet . what do you do for fun ?
i love writing stories , but i am now also into reading novels as well . how about you ?
i love music . the best band around is rancid
i never heard of that band before . are they good ?
persona
i can t hold down a job for very long.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
i am constantly drinking.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
persona II
i am in a motorcycle club.
i've never lost a fight.
i have more then 10 tattoos.
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i'm a grown woman.
dialogue
i love motorcycles and tattoos . being a woman that's strange .
that's not a bad thing , i am an alcoholic . so there air is cleared .
is it difficult to socialize ? all my friends drink and too much .
yeah it is i constantly lose money because i miss work then get fired .
when did you quit ? my sister goes to aa and all of the meetings .
i still drink i try to stop but cant my family resents me .
lots of places to get help . do you like motorcycles ? i've one .
well yeah would like to ride one , what kind do you have ?
harley . are there any other kind ? it is an older one .
yeah i am sure there are like kawasaki .
i was being a little sarcastic . harley riders only think harleys are it .
i know what you mean lol .
same as cars . kawasaki and yamaha take less gas and have less upkeep .
i cant get a job to get a motorcycle anyway
persona
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
my children are a disappointment.
i'm bored of my maids.
persona II
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i'm from tennessee.
i am married.
dialogue
did you hear that troy gentry was killed today in a helicopter crash ?
no i did not , that is more disappointing to hear than my children .
i love country music and it was such a shock , he was only 50
i love country music too . but hey this stuff happens
yeah , did you mean that this bothered you more than your children dying ?
no , they are just disappointments .
oh , i'm so sorry . kids can be really hard to deal with
have any ?
yes , one daughter and you ?
three children . how old is she ?
she's 34 and expecting twins ! ! we are thrilled
that sounds exciting . you excited to be a grandparent ?
yes , we already have three grandsons and the twins are boys too . . lol
what is their favorite dessert ?
love cookies and ice cream
i love cheesecake
persona
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i use to be a wild child.
i like the color blue or red.
persona II
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i have a horse named beauty.
my father is a preacher.
i am pregnant with my first child.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you ?
i'm fine , thank you . how are you today ?
i'm good do you have any interests ?
animals and traveling ; i'd love to go to ireland or puerto rico
my husband works for the army and i'm three months pregnant
i hope you like children . i used to be a wild child you see
i do love kids , i really miss riding my horse beauty though
i have an english bulldog and a pitbull . they have horses .
are you married do you have kids ?
no , but blue and red are my favorite colors . i need a life
that to bad i'm sure you find someone
i spend most my time in the country , but it is nice to go to the city
we live in the country on our farm
what is it like on your farm ? mine stinks
we raise horse and so do most of the neighbors so it is not so bad
are you from the united states ? where are you from ?
persona
i believe in love at first sight.
i've two brothers.
i ve been a vegan since i was 5.
i love to sleep in.
i work in a lab.
persona II
i have a new job.
i like to make cakes.
i like the internet.
i am a vegetarian.
dialogue
how are you ? i just got a new internet job .
congratulations on your new job . i am well thank you
it will leave me less time to experiment with vegan cake recipes though
i am a vegan as well . since i was very young .
vegetarian is one thing , but vegan is a little harder
yes i know sometimes i take vegan treats into the lab where i work to share
that's good . encourage your coworkers to try it
i do . i'm still trying to convince my two brothers to try .
i search for vegan recipes on the internet . i think i'm addicted to the internet
lol me , too i'm up late on it tonight lucky i can sleep in .
do you have any other hobbies ?
no not really i spend so much time in the lab , no time
is it a chemistry lab ?
yes , i'm testing the hypothesis of love at first sight right now
can chemistry help with that ?
well have you heard of love potion number 9
persona
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
persona II
i've curly , red hair.
i love to recycle.
i drive a large , blue van.
i've two tattoos.
i am a hippie.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
pretty good names juanita spanish , i know weird last name , huh ?
not too bad . my name is jojo .
for some reason , weird as it may sound i tell people its an italian last name
oh . do you have any tattoos ? i have 2 .
no tattoos , but wear cardigans to make me look more cultural .
what color is your hair ? mine is red .
i do not know if i like programming , only choice .
oh ok . what do you drive ?
i do not drive . my perception of directions will not let me . i got my dads brain .
oh , too bad . i drive a blue van . it is big !
wow , that is seems nice
hippie here , so it fits me well .
lol yeah . i never met my dad at all .
oh , same here . i have the best mom though .
that is awesome . my dad never was in my life to be honest
persona
i like to watch tv.
i am 10 years old.
i also love orange juice.
my name is arnold.
i love ham and cheese sandwiches.
persona II
my favorite color is pruple.
i'm an only child.
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i've brown eyes.
i really love plants.
dialogue
what are you up to , my friend ?
howdy i'm arnold i'm only 10
oh you are a kid . i'm too . do you have any brothers or sisters ?
nope my mommy will not have anymore i like tv though
i do not have any either
i love cheese and ham sandwiches
so does my lizard ! his name is gila
i also really really like orange juice
what is your favorite color ? mine is purple
green like my frogs purple are for girls
i'm a girl ! with big brown eyes
girls are gross boys rule
ewww no . plants are better than boys
plants sucks anyway my mom always kill them
your mom is violent ! mean mommy
you said your mom mean that's so sad
persona
one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
i like things in organized.
i'm a stay at home mom.
i enjoy a good run.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
dialogue
hello , my name is dawn and i enjoy reading stephen king books .
my name is meghan and i enjoy baking ,
where were you born , i was born in france and live in canada .
i was born in illinois and i currently live in illinois
are you married ? me and my husband have a pair of twins ; he's an author .
no , lol , i am only 15
oh , you are young and you like baking over reading ?
i enjoy reading as well , in fact , i have written my own poems
that's awesome , i write poetry too .
omg , i've finally found someone like me lol
it is rare to hear of people into poetry these days .
yes it is , what made you get into poetry ?
my aunt loved poetry and read to me . i am baking blueberry turnovers right now .
seems like you enjoy baking too , and i just enjoy the rhymes
persona
i have a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
i like gardening.
i live in a small city.
i like to cook.
persona II
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i drive a prius.
dialogue
hi , do you want to drive my car ?
ha . lol what ? um . i've a car .
oh , i was just being a nice canadian
thanks though . where are you from ?
canada obviously . i just told you
is it true that most canadians are nice ? where in canada ?
yes it is true . it is north of america
where in canada do you live ?
that is a secret ? i do not even know you
just the general area . sure you are canadian ? eek .
i am ? why are you asking me ?
i am from outside of chicago .
that sounds really super fancy
nope not at all . just a small city . live a simple life .
i think you are downplaying it a lot
i do have a dog named emmy . and a cat named felix . living the high life .
persona
i am a vegan.
i like to ride my bike.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
i work as a vet.
persona II
i play football.
i have a pet iguana.
i like to play video games.
i work at mcdonald s.
my favorite movie is star wars.
dialogue
hi , i am a football player . how are you ?
i am great ! i just finished riding my bike and am making breakfast .
lovely ! i only enjoy to play video games with my pet iguana
i enjoy animals . i am a veterinarian .
animals are wonderful and i love them ,
i currently have two kittens , two labs and a chihuahua .
i'm a mcdonalds employee . and of course that means my fav movie is star wars .
i do not eat at mcdonalds since i'm vegan .
i understand . i don't eat there either . yuck .
did you go to college ? if so what did you study ?
no , i am a fast food employee after all . how about you ?
i went to texas am to earn my degree in veterinary medicine .
that's wonderful . wonderful school .
you should go to college so you can get a better job .
i agree . but it is so costly . and i'd not have time to play games .
i owe so much . i feel as if i work to pay loans
persona
i try not to think about death.
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
i am a very bad liar.
i'm obsessed with filming.
persona II
i am nurse.
i play the violin.
i like to visit national parks.
i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.
dialogue
hi , what do you do for a living ?
i like to direct independent films . how about you ?
that's cool . i'm a very experienced nurse and i love my job .
i see . i couldn't do that . death bothers me too much .
do you have any hobbies ? i'm good at playing the violin .
i occasionally do stand up comedy . i like making people laugh .
that is fun ! do you like to visit nationals parks ? i really like it .
i live right next to one , but haven't been in years .
so are you single , dating , in a committed relationship , or married ?
single . i used to be in a relationship but it ended due to my compulsive lying .
ironic you are honest about that . i am married . where would you meat your ex ?
we met at a haunted corn maze about three years ago . been single since .
persona
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i like to swim.
i am a marathon runner.
i prefer morning to night.
i prefer winter over fall.
persona II
i'm a romantic.
i like victorian things.
i like antiques.
i like jazz.
i collect dolls.
dialogue
hi !
hell tell me about yourself ?
i'm a romantic . you ?
i would like to think i'm too
very nice . i loveeeee jazz . its so smooth . music ?
mostly r b for me
also smooth . i love antiques do you shop ?
not really i swim when i get free time
swimming is relaxing i bet . that is why i antique .
what part is relaxing ?
just finding a great buy and being around so much history . i love victorian things .
oic that seems interesting
persona
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i'm afraid of clowns.
i've four cats.
i take the subway to work everyday.
persona II
i love to knit and crochet.
i love to go to the lake.
i am a happy person.
i love to listen to music.
i love to take walks.
dialogue
a happy person looking to have a great chat ! ! !
me too ! but i just saw this scary clown . i'm so afraid of them !
in the city we have these , used to love taking walks but do not much anymore !
i always go to work via the subway .
you never know what you are gonna see !
i know ! especially when i've my four cats with me .
no subways here in kansas city . we have a trolley and that's it !
those are fun ! i'm going to canada this fall to visit my sister .
i have a great love of going to the lake
love lakes too . don't have many nearby .
i really like walking around the lakes . where r u from that you don't have many ?
a big city so there aren't any subways that go to lakes .
ll ! i would guess not !
but its fine . i stil have my cats lol
have any interesting hobbies ? besides the cats ?
i like traveling , especially to see family . you ?
persona
i talk a lot in irc.
superfans my favorite super hero.
i drive only toyota.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i like pepsi.
persona II
my parents are lawyers.
my favorite show is csi.
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
i hate winter and the cold.
dialogue
what are you watching tonight ?
man of steel . i love superman . you ?
i love watching csi after working at the smithsonian
oh cool . i talk in irc with my glass of pepsi . what kind of work ?
wow that sounds like a cool relaxing job !
not really , but a warm patch of chocolate chip cookies help . tastier things in life .
i agree i hate the cold of winter , so warm chocolate chip cookies works well
yep yep . what kind of car do you drive ? toyota is what i drive .
i drive a prius . my lawyer parents demanded i get it and they're always right .
good for the environment . would you say your parents are powerful people ?
oh they are very good at what they do
i guess when i am in trouble , i can call them . ll ! !
sure you may call them . itll play out like an episode of csi lol
or an episode from law and order . dum dum ! !
persona
i am single.
i have a lot of friends.
i love to shop.
i drive a bmw.
i am in debt.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an only child.
i have a pet dog.
i am a student.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
hi ! pretty good how are you today ?
i'm fine , on my lunch break
what is it that you do ?
oh i am a college student and you ?
college is great , but has left me in a ton of debt ! i am a writer .
i know the student loans can be awful
what do you do for fun ?
take my dog to the park and painting . how about you ?
aw i love dogs ! i enjoy shopping with my friends a lot .
wish shopping was in my budget lol
it probably should not be in mine haha . especially after i bought my bmw
sometimes you have to treat yourself a little
that is true . what is your family life like ?
persona
i work at a doctor s office.
i'm single.
i love dogs.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i've a little sister.
i like to play soccer.
my favorite subject in school is math.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
dialogue
how long does it take you to stop being angry
not very long i take my dogs for walks to calm my nerves
i think should also get a pet to calm me down
their very empathetic to our needs or so i've read . . .
because it seems humans are only there to annoy
lol i guess it adds up why i'm single
i think should also go back to being single
i deal with enough people at work i'm solid with my dog by my side
i work alone in my office
your soo lucky then i work in a chiropractors office non stop people ! !
am a manager and i only meet important people
well clients are important they help keep my job but i'd love to work at home
do clients stress you like the important people of mine
the really needy ones who are like i work for them . . golden spoon fed
persona
i love comic books.
i am 8 years old.
my name is todd.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
persona II
i like comic books and anime.
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
i m gay but i'ven t told my parents yet.
dialogue
hey there how are you ? don't be funny either .
i'm todd . i'm 8 . what about you ?
i like video games todd an comics do you ?
i love comics . i am going to be a superhero .
i like girls but my parents don't know yet , sorry to tell you .
why would your parents care ? other than the fact that girls are gross ? ?
i wish i did not take everything literally goodness .
do you know how to make cereal ?
you are so young you do not understand yet lol .
will you make me food ? i'm hungry
what kind lol you are cute .
breakfast food . maybe waffles ? maybe cookies .
lol awe when would you want
i want food now . thanks .
do not talk to me like that . talk to your mom .
my mom is not home .
persona
my favorite band is creed.
i am a carnivore.
my father is in prison.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
persona II
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
i work in it.
i was born in london.
i live in vienna , austria now.
dialogue
hey where are you from
a very strange world . how about you ?
ll aren't we all ! ? i live in vienna austria now
tell me about yourself . what are some of your hobbies ?
i was born in london but moved to vienna for my it job
very interesting . unfortunately i lost my job recently .
i'm so sorry . what will you do
currently spending time visiting my dad . he is been in prison my whole life .
that's got to be hard ! what was he in for
all i know are the stories i've been told . its been rough .
do you have a big family
yes ! i've 3 sisters and 4 brothers . do you have any siblings ?
no , but my boyfriend is 1 of 9 so i think i win
good night ! i agree . how long have you been together ?
5 years . yeah he loves it though .
that is wonderful ! big families are great !
persona
nachos are my favorite food.
i should beverage been born a prince.
i hate talking to people.
i play d and d.
i believe dragons are real.
persona II
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i teach first grade.
i love to go shopping.
dialogue
hi there are you a teacher like me ?
no . i could never be a teacher , i want to be a prince
then you could shop all day like me
and hunt for dragons ! do you ever chase them ?
no , i only chase pizza
i prefer to chase nachos
i got married so young
do you ever play d and d with your spouse ?
never , what is your favorite season ?
too many good seasons to choose
you sound like my first graders
i don't like to talk unless i'm talking to a dragon
good , it is probably better that way
i think so . i keep waiting for the world to realize dragons are real
as real as pizza right ?
i'll feed my dragon nachos
persona
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
i love watching game of thrones.
i don't like the song sweet home alabama.
i grew up in alabama.
persona II
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
i live in a house in california.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
my name is carl i like watching game of thrones on tv .
hi carl , i am liza . i like going to movies every month .
that's great i like music i don't care for the song sweet home alabama .
neither do i . they play it at target while i am working .
the easter bunny once hid behind my door and i was scared .
i buy my dog biscuit every day , but i eat it instead of him
i was born in alabama and my mom worked as a clerk at the grocery store .
alabama is nice . in currently residing in california
you must have been very hungry to eat a dog biscuit .
oh , indeed . it tasted like peanut butter
crunchy or smooth peanut butter
it was crunchy . and very dry . wonder why my dog likes them
it is a beautiful day outside no rain here ?
persona
i work many hours.
i'm from texas.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i am a father.
persona II
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i didn't pass the audition , but i'll keep trying.
i think i've talent for it.
since young i have loved to cook.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi , i'm doing great today . what about yourself ?
hello , how are you today ?
hi , i'm doing great today . what about yourself ?
i am doing pretty good . i just work too much .
i work a lot of hours as well .
sucks , but i'm going to see my favorit band imagine dragons .
that is my favorite band as well , i love their song demon .
cool . i am in texas , where are you ?
i am in texas too . i live here with my daughter .
i am a dad too , what is your daughters name ?
my daughters name is adia lehay .
that's a nice name , very unique how do you pronounce it ?
its pronounced exactly like it is spelled . what is your daughters name .
persona
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
i'm a big sports fan.
i am looking to start a business.
i like to get involved in politics.
persona II
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
dialogue
hi hows it going tonight
hello , do you like politics ? its something i like to get involved in !
i prefer pumpkins to politics
i use my brand new chevrolet to haul pumpkins in the fall
take a video for me . i love watching youtube
you like to watch you tube ? watch sports ? ! i'm a huge sports fan
yea i love sports . but better i love shrimp
i'm actually trying to start a new business , seafood or youtube may be an option
you can consider getting a pet too
i'd prefer to hang out with friends and family
that is nice . at least they do not bite
apparently never considered pets , do you have any ?
yea . i have pet dogs and cats
how many dogs do you have ?
persona
i like to go hunting.
i've 2 dogs.
i work as a police officer.
i like to play video games.
persona II
i am not a good artist.
i have shot a lion.
i like to play with clay models.
i want to climb mount everest.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
dialogue
hi ! i just got done watching gone with the wind what a tearjerker !
hi ! it sure is . maybe that is why i stick to video games
video games are fun . i always admire the art . . . i am not a very good artist .
i am not either . maybe that's why i went into the police academy
oh nice ! i'm more of an outdoors guy . i actually shot a lion once !
you did ? ! i enjoy hunting as well . maybe we can go sometime
yeah , it was wild ! someday , i'd like to climb mount everest too .
oh a traveler ! it is just me and my two dogs at home
i am not home much , but when i am , i enjoy making clay models .
do you have your own art studio ?
no , i am an amateur . but i have fun with that at home !
that is great to hear though . i bet it is calming
it is . what are your hobbies ?
just video games . it keeps me out of trouble
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i live in celebration , florida.
persona II
i sleep in a princess bed.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
i am a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
dialogue
guess what i like to do !
i think you like to play pocket billiards
i do not know what that's . . . i like to play outside .
oh that's fun to do too . i like to shop and blog about life
i like to have picnics with my dolls outside too .
that sounds fun . are you in school or work
neither . . . i am only 4 years old .
oh that is a fun age . whats your favorite food
pizza ! me and daddy eat pizza and he gives me flowers .
www he sounds like a cool dad
mmmm ! and he tucks me into my princess bed !
www do you have a doll house i had one growing up
i am asking santa for one for christmas .
do you like to go shopping with your mom i like shopping
persona
i love to sleep in.
i work in a lab.
i have two brothers.
i have been a vegan since i was 5.
persona II
i am a night owl.
i'm 29 years old.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
i live in a suburb of boston.
dialogue
hi , i am from boston , where are you from ?
i am not sure really . do you have family ?
nope i'm a single guy and you ?
i've 2 brothers in my family
cool what do you like to do ?
i really like to sleep in after work
i'm up all night listening to pearl jam
do you eat your vegetables ?
not a vegetables guy , i love meat
i've been a vegan since 5 yrs old shame
u must be pretty healthy
i think so . i wor kat the lab
persona
i wish my mom was healthier.
i worry about my image.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i wish i could go to a better school.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
persona II
i slack off on my homework.
i am a hopeless romantic.
i've bad luck with relationships.
i have trouble getting motivated.
i daydream during work.
dialogue
i am such a procrastinator . i daydream at work and blow off my homework .
that's okay , i wish i went to a better school . this neighborhood is bad
sorry about that . hang in there .
thanks . my neighbors yell in the middle of the night too
makes it hard to sleep . maybe that's why i just cannot get motivated .
i understand . i am always worrying about my image too , and my moms health
s she okay ? i am a terminal romantic so i've issues with relationships .
yeah i just wish it was better . whats the problem ?
i expect my life to be a fairy tale . no one lives up to that .
yeah that is rough . mines more like a bad dream
sorry to hear that . whats going on ?
i cannot wait until i am all grown up and can get out of this neighborhood
how old are you ? what do you want to be when you grow up ?
i'm 13 . i would like to be a star athlete one day . you ?
i don't wanna grow up .
it will get better ! when you are grown up you can do whatever you want
persona
i have blue eyes and curly brown hair.
my dog is a collie.
my favorite type of music is country.
i love to travel with my family.
i love to snack between meals.
persona II
i only take the bus.
my favorite color is yellow.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am well . my collie is annoying me .
i babysit for a neighbor who has a collie !
it keeps looking at my blue eyes and it doesn't listen to country music .
do you take it on the bus ever ? that's the only way i get around
i am just trying to snack a bit between meals . do you travel ?
i live on social security , so it is hard for me to afford it .
i travel with my family . we are too wealthy for the bus , unlike you .
i'm feeling a little judged .
i have curly brown hair and i'm the dominant one of this conversation .
yeah i can tell you are pushy .
not pushy , simply dominant . i control all that desires to be controlled .
i don't desire to be controlled .
do you snack between meals ?
no i do not . i rarely snack .
that is why you desire to be controlled . let me control you person one .
persona
i am married with 2 kids.
i am a high school teacher.
i do yoga three times a week.
i live in chicago.
persona II
i cs and ds.
i love bruno mars.
i love sweets.
i am in high school.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
hi i love candy what do you like ?
i like a lot of foods but my favorite activity is yoga , what is yours ?
i love to sleep and never get enough . so what else do you do ?
i teach high school biology , my work is my life , what is your job ?
i'm still in high school . i got a d in biology .
oh , i know studying can be tough , i've 2 kids in high school .
i got a c in music only because i sang uptown funk to the class .
that sounds like that was fun , where are you from ?
i'm from the streets . what about you ?
i grew up in a rough part of chicago where i still teach
are the kids in your class nice to you ?
yeah , i try to make the class fun
i've to go study to get my grades up . are you ready ?
yes i'm ready for tomorrow
persona
i am engaged.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i love rock music.
i like ice cream.
persona II
i broke my nose when i was ten.
my favorite city is seattle.
i enjoy jazz music.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i work at a factory.
dialogue
greetings ! what are you up to today ?
unfortunately working . i work for a cab company as a contractor . you ?
ahh , i spend my days slaving away in a factory . must be fun to drive cab !
you definitely meet some interesting people ! i'm on lunch right now . eating ice cream ! i like it
ice cream is amazing ! i don't think there is anyone who doesn't like it . where you located ?
california , its pretty awful . i relocated here a year ago . to be with my fiance . you ?
living here in seattle , listening to jazz , riding my bicycle all over time . ca not complain .
nice that sounds like fun , are you from there ?
born and raised . broke my nose running amok at 10 . where are you from originally ?
florida , i never knew how much i loved it until i left .
is not that always how it goes ? nasty weather they are having now , though .
yeah , but nothing i haven't already lived through . sad for the worst parts of it though .
absolutely . i have been watching the news closely .
me too , all the natural disasters right now are crazy !
persona
my favorite food is shrimp.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
i love hanging out with my friends.
persona II
my favorite band is rise against.
i like sports.
i usually go to bed late.
i'm studying to be a dentist.
my favorite team is the raptors.
dialogue
you watching the game right now ?
no , i do not watch many sports .
love sports bro , go raptors ! ! !
i spend a lot of time at the casino .
cards or the ponies ? what is your poison
cards and slots usually . i love going with my friends .
group thing nice . as of late i'm on my own . dental school is intense
what do your parents do ?
they used to be doctors . retired now
oh . my mom is a palm reader .
really ? do you believe in that stuff
no i don't . i think she is crazy .
lol you do not sound close to her . . . .
i'm not very close to her .
sometime i wish i was not close to mine . . . she can be too much
do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i have two roomates.
i m scared of clowns.
i like to cook.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two dogs.
persona II
i'm a night owl.
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i don't have a good social life.
dialogue
anybody is there ? i'm waiting to make a good relationship with us
my two roommates are fighting
why they're fighting with each other ?
they put a clown in one of the rooms
very funny , how is your day going on ?
it is great . i was just making homemade donuts
okay , what are you doing for your living ?
i work at an apartment office
very nice , my work is to make a robot
why are you making a robot
that is my work , if you reduce the man work you'll go to robots
it might take jobs too
no , it reduce the man work
i keep hearing things on the news about robots
good , it is the new technology
i am a little nervous about anything new
persona
i work for the railroad.
i like eating pretzels.
i am an omnivore.
my favorite band is vnv nation.
i really like watching star trek.
persona II
my favorite color is black.
i like to skate.
i want to visit the uk.
i sometimes write poetry.
i sing in a punk band.
dialogue
hello how is your day going so far ?
it is going great . just over here eating some pretzels so i am happy
that is nice i'm here just writing down some lines .
what kind of lines are you writing ? for school ?
just a hobby of mine , i enjoy writing poetry and music .
oh that's neat . you should write me a poem about star trek !
haha that would be a good idea , it has gain a lot of popularity .
oh that is neat . you should write me a poem about star trek !
it really is a good idea !
i have always loved it .
what do you do besides eating pretzels ?
i listen to my fave band . vnv nation !
nice my punk band is actually named raving nation
oh you play in it ? what instrument do you play ?
i play the guitar ! about 8 years now .
i'm impressed . the only skill i have is working on the railroad
persona
my favorite sport is football.
i'm former military.
i recently bought a camper.
i drive a truck for a living.
i exercise 4 times a week.
persona II
i like to perform stand up comedy.
my sister belongs to a cult and hasn't spoken to the family in years.
my father was a member of the communist party.
i enjoy deep sea diving.
dialogue
yo ! i do gigs as a stand up comic !
hey buddy that is nice . i use my military discount to go to comedy clubs .
my sis is in a weird cult , haven't heard from her in years
oh no ! have you tried to contact her or get her back ?
my dad was a commie , a full member so no
so sorry man . being former military i lost a lot of people . it sucks .
deep sea doing is what i really enjoy though
i like to exercise and play football .
my dad was a participated in the communists
that sucks man . hope your nothing like him .
i work as a stand up comedian
i work as a truck driver now . i just bought a camper to start camping .
i've not spoken to my sister in years , she's in a cult
yeah man we went over that . it sucks . cults are no good .
deep sea diving is my passion , i enjoy it very much
i also enjoy diving . need to go back soon .
persona
i graduated top of my class.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
my wife is a college professor.
i've one little girl.
my mother was a concert pianist.
persona II
i have 3 cats.
i dye my hair blonde.
i like going to foreign countries.
i love dancing.
i am an only child.
dialogue
hey how are you today
i'm good tell me about yourself
i've no brothers or sisters . . dancing is my favorite ! and you ?
well i'm a trauma surgeon top on my class
impressive ! i am between jobs right now . . i do hair . just dyed mine blonde
nice , my wife loves hair but she's a college professor
oh she sounds nice . do you have any children ?
little girl and my mother lives with us she's a concert pianist , she in between jobs
okay and any pets ? i love my 3 kitties
i have to dogs , pitbulls not a fan of cats
oh i do love pitbulls , beautiful dogs
they are ! i also use to breed husky
aww another pretty dog . that could be a fun job , get to be around puppies
oh yeah so fun and just like children
persona
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
sometimes i go to yoga classes.
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
i like italian cusine.
persona II
i m a vegan.
i love going to concerts.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
i study philosophy at umass.
my eyes are brown.
dialogue
hello i have brown eyes
nice nice . whats your favorite food
green bean tacos and rice
haha nice . mine is italian food . sometimes i eat italian food after yoga
do you like bacon for breakfast ?
hell yea . i went to italy this summer and that's all i ate
i tattoo an angel on my
ahh that's gross dude . i got 666 on my back
i only eat vegetables on weekends .
shoot i eat vegetables at work . 9 5 is my schedule
sure , what is your favorite color ?
mine is blue . what about yours ?
i think green is growing on me .
i hear that . i like green cause weed is green
persona
i daydream during work.
i have bad luck with relationships.
i've trouble getting motivated.
i slack off on my homework.
i am a hopeless romantic.
persona II
i recently made the college baseball team.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
i am 19 years old.
dialogue
hey hey ! hows it going ?
hello there ! how are you doing ? my name is abby , whats yours ?
nice to meet you abby , name mike .
what are you doing this lovely day ?
later i'm going to baseball practice , i made the college team !
that's wonderful , congratulations ! do you play any other sports ?
not currently that's my scholarship , when you found what your good at stick with it
i agree ! although i am kind of a slacker and have trouble staying motivated
discipline is a hard lesson , but you will be a lot happier once you master it !
that is what i've heard . i just get so bored with the homework
what bores you about it ?
well it doesn't help that i'm a daydreamer and get distracted easily
persona
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
i don't celebrate any holidays.
i have created my own personal religion.
persona II
i should beverage been born a prince.
i play d and d.
i believe dragons are real.
i hate talking to people.
nachos are my favorite food.
dialogue
hi there , i am bob .
i am gerald , nice to meet you
do you like dungeons and dragons ?
kind of , its pretty cool . i am just more into other stuff
do you have any pets ?
yes i have 4 dogs , they are pretty much my only friends
i make hot dogs for a living but i love nachos
that is funny , i don't really work but i did created my own religion
you know i dislike talking to humans
me too , that's why i created a religion that worships german shepherds .
i wish i was a prince
that's odd , i've seen a price once . well the ghost of a prince that's .
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is black .
i love red , reminds me of summer time
summer is my favorite because there isn't many holidays during it .
persona
since my dog died i'm incomplete.
i'm an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i'm a mom with two sons and a husband.
i live in a house with a yard.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
persona II
country music makes me cringe.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
i've blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i am an amazing dancer.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i feel a bit incomplete since my dog passed .
sorry to hear that he misses you
i miss him but i keep busy with my two sons .
do you like country music ?
i like all types of music .
county really hurts my ears though
i don't mind it mom and dad always said find inspiration in anything .
yeah do you ever do volunteer work
yes . i teach free art classes in poor neighborhoods .
nice i volunteer at dog shelters
i should adopt a new friend .
yeah we have many to pick from
i have a nice big yard in my house .
persona
i like to swim.
i prefer morning to night.
i am a marathon runner.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i prefer winter over fall.
persona II
i like to work on cars.
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i work in marketing for a large company.
dialogue
listening to classic rock while playing darts .
are those your hobbies ? cool . i like early morning swims or runs .
i love my vintage cars and working on them in the garage .
what kind of cars do you have ?
corvettes . i am in marketing for that company .
that sounds interesting . what season is best for driving your cars ?
definitely summer . what are your hobbies ? i like cards and pool .
i quite enjoy winter , even if it can lead to dangerous driving conditions .
i hate driving in snow . do you live up north ?
yes , i live in alaska . sometimes , i wish i lived around apple orchards , though .
i used to go apple picking , now we go blueberry picking in the south .
that sounds like a good time . apples are one of my favorite foods , and my favorite fruit .
ever bake an apple pie ?
no , i try to stay in shape . i even run as many marathons as i can .
wow . i never did that . i have walked in cancer walks .
that is a noble thing . i cannot say that i am as altruistic
persona
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
i collect stamps.
my favorite color is blue.
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
persona II
i work at a factory.
my favorite city is seattle.
i enjoy jazz music.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
dialogue
hey there , hows your day so far ?
hey hey my day is going great you ?
its ok . just taing a break at work . i am tired of working in a factory .
i am tired of working to but i love my stamps so much
that's cool . you listen to any music ?
yes and i alos play the cello
that's aweseom ! i love jazz in particular
i go to many concerts and party
that's sounds fun . you should party in seattle . awesome city
i would love too and go to concerts
i went to my first concert at 10 . busted my nose up bad lol
dang that stinks . i went at on weekends all my life
yea concerts are fun . i enjoy live music for sure
me too . i like madonna too
madonna ? not a big fan of hers
www that is no good .
persona
i work in a factory.
i hope to change the world.
i love to tell jokes.
i volunteer in my spare time.
i m always early to everything.
persona II
i hope to retire to florida.
i played in a band for 17 years.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i own my own music store.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
wonderful ! i volunteered to be somewhere tonight at 7 , so i will probably get there at 6
very nice ! i just left my music store , and have band practice tonight .
do you have a job , i work at a button factory !
yes , the music store is mine . i am retiring to florida in a few years .
florida is a wonderful place , can i tell you a joke , i love jokes
absolutely ! i love jokes too
what did one thirsty vampire say to the other as they were passing the morgue ?
how about we stop for a drink ?
close ! let s stop in for a cool one !
lol . that's great . i am going to steal that one .
go for it , it is great for halloween .
that it is , even though my parents always forbid halloween .
sounds like a lovely childhood . no free candy for you
persona
i work as an attorney.
i am bald with a thick beard.
i enjoy comedies.
i wear nice clothes.
persona II
i listen to rock music.
i drive a fast car.
i like to eat food.
i dream of winning the lottery.
dialogue
hey , what is your preferred type of music ?
i love rock . working as an attorney , i listen to alot of classical too
wow , i was just about to say my favorite genre is rock
i fit right in too , balding and beardy . haha
haha , my favorite hobby is eating food
food ? mine is wearing and buying nice clothes . love nordstrom
oh , you shop at nordstrom rack , i cant because i am over 300 pounds
not the rack . i make a comfortable living as an attorney
oh okay , how fun must it be to represent people
it can be . do you enjoy movies or comedy specials ? i love katt williams
i love him too , whats your favorite video of him ?
probably katt williams live , but they're all funny
they really are , cedric the entertainer is funny too
i like cedric . i also love will ferrell
lol , they give me life , anybody with sensible humor gives me life
laughter is the best medicine !
persona
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
my name is william , but people call me bill.
i live with my wife and kids.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i've three beautiful dogs and one cat.
persona II
i am a student.
i have an internship at a computer company.
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
dialogue
hi ! a proud apple intern here . how are you doing ?
i am doing well . i own a cattle farm .
ok , so i should avoid the nerdy techie speak then . is it a big farm ?
i'm guessing you are not very good at your job , or you would know farmers rely on tech .
i apologize ! please educate me . what tech do you use ?
i have dogs and cats . do you have any pets ?
no , no time for pets right now , but i'm into fishing !
my wife and kids like to fish , we have a cabin cruiser we take on lake michigan .
do you parents also live on the farm with you ?
no , they reside in australia on their own cattle station .
nice ! so you both have farms ! my mother is a lawyer . i wo not be .
cattle stations run different there than cattle farms in the us do .
how so ? do you go and visit them often ?
we do , to check out their latest bulls to see if they're compatible with mine .
persona
i'm from russia.
my favorite music is rock and roll.
i go to school for business.
i enjoy skiing.
i love to travel.
persona II
my cat died.
i like books about trains.
i like thomas the tank engine.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
i'm doing well . just jamming out to some rock and roll . you ?
i'm very sad my cart died and i hate cats
ugh ! what a bummer . i'm struggling through some of my business school homework now .
i love trains and my pawpaw has one i play with .
that's fun . traveling is one of my favorite hobbies sometimes i even take a train !
i also enjoy reading about trains also
nice ! i have been planning a trip via train through my native russia .
that would be a long trip
yes , definitely . and i also have some ski trips planned . i love skiing .
that would be way to cold for me . i'm a summer girl
i completely understand . i just love the thrill of adventure . what are your hobbies ?
i love to shop and to sleep
those are both excellent hobbies ! i usually nap when i should be doing school work .
persona
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i am getting married.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
persona II
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love dark clothes.
i love cold weather.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love non gmo foods.
dialogue
i don't like light color clothing how about you
i don't like to think about it . i don't like variety .
i hate the hot weather , do you ?
no , i love weather . hey , do you like waiting in lines ?
cold temperatures are great for me , i hate line
me too , i hate long lines .
i don't eat go foods
my sister is becoming my mother . i am really confused .
i'm a cashier at the grocery
my sister keeps wondering when i'm getting married . it is weird
and my second job is also a cashier
i work at the bank .
persona
i like football.
we drink beer and eat food.
it s great fun.
we watch the games together.
persona II
i love comics.
i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
and also love drawing.
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
dialogue
i'm into comics and making them too
what kind of comics do you read ? i so stoke about this football game
i try to get it to publishers but always rejection
my friends are coming by to watch with me . we eat and drink and have fun .
i draw whatever and try to put it in the internet
t is so much fun you ought to come by some time
yes it is true and
so come have fun with us
where are you from though
i am from north dakota
do you like it there though
take what there ? no it is where i live
do you like it where you grew up
it is not too bad and its very serene
so you been to different places ?
not so much what about you ?
persona
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i m too short to reach the top shelf.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i've the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
persona II
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i work too much.
if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.
i think i need a vacation.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
shout out the same dog led me to my first wife and second wife !
i am tired . i work way too much .
i found that a steak half rare always lifts my mood .
i really need a vacation soon . what about you ?
nope . i'll tell you something about myself after you next , okay ?
ok . what do you do for a living ?
i am a librarian . . . but i have to use that special ladder for the top shelves ! ha !
i'm an office assistant .
something about me i'm wired to detect after someone eats asparagus !
something about me i am a procrastinator .
what else ? something personal , perhaps .
i'm thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend .
i'm the wrong guy to give advice for that . i still have that first dog !
oh well . i still have not decided .
right , because you are a procrastinator . how do you like your steak grilled ?
persona
i am very skinny and energetic.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
persona II
i got married when i was young.
i like to cook.
i moved to america when i was 14.
my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
dialogue
can i tell you a secret ?
yes you can i love secrets .
my parents were born in a castle in transylvania . they could be v . . . .
that's creepy ! i don't have any family secrets
vegetarians but i love to make lamb chops so . . .
i drink tons of caffeine , and have a unhealthy diet .
i'm sorry you can fix that a little bit at a time
nah ! i'm still skinny and have tons of energy .
when i first got married that is exactly how i was
could you run long distances at a very fast rate ?
o no italians are bikers and i am italian by choice
oh i can not even ride a bike just like running
really ? in italy they teach you to ride before you can walk
my dad tried . i fell off and was scared to try again .
i give you permission to try again ! bellissimo ! you can !
no way i would rather drive my cheap little car .
persona
i work at a bookstore.
i've three tattoos.
my mom is a nurse.
i don t drive.
i never knew my dad.
persona II
i'm married.
i have an mba degree.
my car is blue.
i own my home.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello i am fine and yourself
i'm good do you work
yes indeed in the bookstore my mother is a awesome nurse where do you work
i have my masters degree
cool do you know your parents
i do , what about you
my mom yes but i don't know my dad
i'm sorry to hear that
its ok i've his name tattoo on my arm i've 3
what are the other two ?
my mom name and my daughter name . i want more but i don't drive
oh you should get your license
i do just no car at the moment
persona
i'm a business man.
i love to sing.
i am a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i've 3 children.
persona II
i want to be an explorer.
i do not like my job.
my favorite color is blue.
i visit india often.
dialogue
hey what are you up to
not much how are you today ?
i am okay i dislike my job
what do you do for work
i work an office job but i really wanna try out exploring
well just do it then yo
i try to , currently i visit india when on occasion
did you ever do karate ?
one time when i was young , whats your favorite color ?
black like my karate belt
oh i like black but my favorite is blue
do you enjoy singing and such ?
persona
i've blonde hair.
i like to work with acrylics.
i aspire to paint murals.
i'm in art school.
my favorite class is painting.
persona II
i've two brothers.
i ve been a vegan since i was 5.
i work in a lab.
i love to sleep in.
i believe in love at first sight.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
awesome , i have an art class later , do you go to school ?
oh fun , i slept in today woohoo ! i don't go to school
sounds great for you . i love school i'm an artist
oh sounds fun . what do you do for fun ?
i am a big fan of art . when i am not studying i check out museums
ohh . my two brothers are artistic . . not me though
too bad . it is a great outlet , what do you do ?
i play football for fun . i grow vegetables since i am a vegan
food is a kind of art
i guess you could say that lol . are you married
no time for that yet . but maybe one day , you ?
i've not met the one yet
when you do will the one need to be a vegan as well ?
that would be nice . i'm sure we will adapt if love at first sight happens though
well good luck . you have to put yourself out there though
persona
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i'm a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
persona II
i'm an old soul.
my back hurts chronically.
i just want my voice to be heard.
i am passionate about a lot of things.
i tend to work myself up.
dialogue
hello how are you today ? my back is hurting terribly today
that'sn't good , have you tried a chiropractor ?
yes , but it is so expensive . he didn't listen to me about my pain .
a lady in my book club loves acupuncture , maybe try that ?
where are they located ? i'm close to ge plant .
there are a few in pa ! what do you do for work ?
i am a freelance artist . i take pictures for media .
wow ! that is really neat ! whats your best photo ?
hmm . probably of some kids and their dog playing in a splash fountain .
very cute ! my kids are into sports , any action photo tips ?
keep the shutter open for at least 6 8 frames to capture the motion .
ca not wait to use that tip ! i will share with my girlfriends next girls night out !
persona
i love photography.
i love the sound of the rain.
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i don t like waking up early.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
persona II
i'm a marathon runner.
i like to swim.
i prefer winter over fall.
i prefer morning to night.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
dialogue
hi do you like working out ? i run and swim
well , i do not like gettin up early so i do not as much as i should .
i like mornings because i like my coffee
the sound of rain makes me sleep in . i do like photography tho .
i like pictures i am excited for winter i can go snowmobiling
same here . i spend a lot of cash on hobbies in the fall .
yea everything is expensive now
i know . instead of lights i use candles a lot to save a buck or two .
i mainly eat apples because they are cheap
i love apples . macintosh are the best !
did you watch any games today ? i did not have time
yes . miami won but bucs and jags lost .
oh thank you i have to look up the full results tonight
well , do not look up green bay . vikings broke aaron rogers collar bone .
oh that's no good he is probably out for the season
i'm betting he will be . rough year for him . olivia munn left him and now this .
persona
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i drive only toyota.
i like pepsi.
superfans my favorite super hero.
i talk a lot in irc.
persona II
i live alone.
i like to take photos.
i live in portland , maine.
i'm an environmental engineer.
dialogue
hello , what are you up to ?
i love my foreign car , toyota
i have a subaru . i need it for all the snow we get in portland , maine .
i really enjoy my chocolate chip cookies
i'm allergic to chocolate , unfortunately . what kind of work do you do ?
i work for centuries essentials
never heard of it , what do you do there ?
i work with seniors with the basics . what about you ?
engineer for an environmental firm . i like photography , and the job requires a lot of pictures .
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
i'm a coca cola fan myself . i live solo now , but my old roommate used to drink pepsi .
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
but living alone can be lonely . are you married ?
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
you must really love that pepsi !
really ? whose your favorite superhero ? mine is superman
persona
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
i cannot stand clutter or dust.
i have horrible allergies.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
i still love my cat despite all this.
persona II
i live in a condo.
my favorite food is steak.
i only listen to opera.
i've never been to canada.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good how about you ! ?
i am doing good thanks for asking
i scrub in the shower until i turn red .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a cat baby sitter . love cats !
do you have any hobbies ?
i love taking pictures i am a photographer .
what kind of music do you like ?
my favorit choice would have to be r b .
i like that too . i like country as well
oh nice . music can be so relaxing .
persona
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i like having fried fish for supper.
i m allergic to lactose.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
persona II
i like to play with clay models.
i'm not a good artist.
i want to climb mount everest.
i've shot a lion.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
hi i'm great i just got a client that s a doctor
awesome ! when i was in africa i had to shoot a lion ! !
i meant the doctor said that i only have six months left
oh no . what is wrong with you ?
the doctors trying to figure out still
oh so sorry . i hope to climb mount everest some day
wow that s so cool lactose allergy
a friend bought me some clay models and i play with them
wow my friend easily give me dinner fish
i love fish what kind is it ?
the kind of fish will do as long as
have you ever seen gone with the wind ?
i m really bad in doing expressions
that is ok it is hard to do that
all right but what do you do for fun
persona
i've one little girl.
my mother was a concert pianist.
my wife is a college professor.
i graduated top of my class.
persona II
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i cannot stand pizza.
i don't own a television.
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i like to read.
dialogue
hi , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
not much a foodie . . but i like wings
oh i am not a foodie either in fact , i hate eating pizza
where are you from now ? ?
i'm from england . what about you ?
i'm from boston ma . . usa
what about your job ? i am an art teacher for 4th graders
i am working for my own firm . . business consulting
that sounds really difficult and stressful
hm . . . some times . . but i enjoy it . .
at least you have something you enjoy , i like reading a lot
great hobby . . my little girl do not let me read anything at home
persona
i work as an accountant.
i like to read horror novels.
i like to go to the lake.
i have 3 dogs.
persona II
i wish i made more money.
i wish i didn t have to work.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
dialogue
hello hope you have more money than me , would not take much
i may not have more , but i can account for it
i want to be an artist , but i've to work , wish i did not ,
sometimes , i go to the lake with my three dogs to think
a perfect job would be sorting ink pens , i could think then
horror movies are a good way to take your mind of of things
no way ! dogs are alot of work , i would rather write all day
writing is good , but my favorite thing to write are numbers
working is the pits , i like writing numbers , i could do it all day
working is like a scary movie . maybe you should try fishing at a lake .
fishing is boring , i could be a pen and ink artist !
no fishing and no dogs . maybe you could write a story about adding numbers
only working is more boring , unless i'm sorting beautiful pens and make more money
i like to count pens and money or creepy bloody clowns in a movie .
persona
i haven t spoken to my family in years.
i live alone.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i collect stamps.
i am a mortician.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
i'm good . just posting to my 4000 friends on fb .
wow that's a lot of friends
what do you like to do ?
i like to collect stuff . stamps mostly
oh . i like to hitchhike for fun .
hiking is great . lots of fun
are you in a relationship ? i am not .
i am married . thanks for asking
oh , that's cool . living alone gets boring .
ya i bet it does
do you have any kids ?
not yet . but maybe soon
i've not spoken to my family in a long time .
persona
i have a pencil thin mustache.
i'm a medical file clerk.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i've six tattoos , all of cats.
i am from baltimore md.
persona II
i get my nails done every saturday.
i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
my family owns a grocery store.
dialogue
hi i am so excited about getting my nails done tomorrow , wyd ?
i am getting a new tattoos . i've 6 all cats .
o wow i saw a man with a cat tattoo at my families grocery store just yesterday
i have a very thin mustache too .
i love to watch wwe one of the wrestlers has a thin mustache too
i work as a medical file clerk . what do you do ?
i work with my family at a grocery store but i dream of cafes in paris .
nice ! i have never been out of baltimore maryland .
the most exciting part of my week is getting my nails done , so . . .
my mother works as a ballet dancer . she gets her nails done too .
ballet is what i pretend to like but i secretly love wrestling
where is your grocery store ?
our grocery store is in wonderland
wonderland is a nice place .
its located right next to oz and below mars
i've only seen it through pictures .
persona
i take care of my mother and father.
i really like cake and don't prefer vegetables.
i'm 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i have one sister and a niece and nephew.
persona II
i recently had knee surgery.
i just graduated college.
i'm hoping to play.
i am hoping to play basketball overseas.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
bottom of the day to you , lad . i'm dandy .
that is great , what do you do for a living ?
i wander around ireland petting sheep with my parents .
that sounds pretty interesting to do .
yes , what do you do ?
nothing yet , i just recently graduated college .
congratulations , i'd bake you a cake if i could .
that would be great , are you a baker ?
i bake with my sister and her kids .
i'm not a really big cooker . i'm helpless in the kitchen .
i hate vegetables , especially celery .
i cannot stand it . i prefer fruit over vegetables .
me too , especially if they're on cake .
i don't like fruit on my cake .
this conversation may be over soon . i'm sorry .
persona
i've a crush on my co worker.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
i love candy.
i go to college part time.
persona II
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i am a older lady.
i like to cook stews.
dialogue
hello . my name is beatrice . how do you do ?
i'm doing wonderful . i'm chelsea . what are you up to ?
pleasure to meet you chelsea . i'm watching a little television and cooking for my grandson .
what are you cooking ? i wish i could eat better . i eat way too much candy
i was making my famous stew for tonight . when i snack , i go for a nice cheese .
oh that sounds delicious ! i bet my crush would love that
of course . what sort of music do you like , chelsea ?
any kind . i'm not picky . you ?
oh , frank sinatra . that man is an angel . how long have you been with your crush ?
we work together . unfortunately he has no idea i like him
how romantic . you should tell him . cook him dinner and let him know how you feel .
i want to . i am kinda shy though . i should probably wear something different too
what a silly way to be . you probably look lovely . i hope he likes candy .
i just wear too many jeans and shirts . nothing fancy
persona
i am headed to university of michigan in the fall.
i want to be a doctor when i graduate.
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
persona II
i would like to spend more time with my family.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
i am recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
dialogue
hello ! hows it going ? hope you are doing well this evening !
wow i am so glad that i graduated high school . i am ready for college .
i just graduated college ! it will be quite an experience for ya i bet ! some advice . . .
packing my bags and heading to university of michigan . give me that advice !
don't skip your classes , cause you are paying for them , remember ?
ll . yeah that makes sense .
i graduated with a business degree , trying to find a job in marketing .
i bet you find a good job soon with a business degree . marketing sounds interesting .
have you got an idea what degree you'll choose ? its okay if you don't
thinking premed . i would like to be a doctor .
oh , that's a good , noble cause ! i hope you make it !
me too . a lot of years to be in school .
got plenty of time to figure out for sure , lots of paths in that degree
glad there is time as i'm not sure which type of doctor to become .
some start as dentist but switch to erotology cause they cannot stand the smells
ugh , never thought of stinky mouths .
persona
i like to eat cheetos.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
i hate mexican food.
i like to ski.
i've went to mexico 4 times this year.
persona II
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
i work as a stand up comedian.
i come from a small town.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
mexico from back got just
cool . what were you doing in mexico ?
mexico i like it there warm water
do you like to swim ?
love to swim and ski
what do you do for work ?
i work for the cheetos company y deli ery
nice , sounds like a delicious job
all the cheetos i can eat
i do stand up comedy at local theaters
i go to mexico 4 times a year
where in mexico do you go ?
do u ever do it in mexico ?
i've never been to mexico
all over you name it . been there or threw it
persona
i have 23 cats at home.
i hate the taste of fish.
i like to paint.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i have 3 children.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i drive an suv.
i've 3 dogs.
i have a law degree.
dialogue
its like a zoo around here .
same at my house ! i have 23 cats .
wow , and i thought my 3 kids and 3 dogs was alot
that is a nice house hold as well . must be tough to feed everyone .
it can be interesting . but i have an suv that fits alot .
ah well that's nice ! i do not drive . it is bad for the environment .
its necessary to take the full family to our mountain vacation home .
ah , well i'm a bit of a hippy . i'm also vegan .
did you go to college as a hippy
not really but i did take a lot of painting classes . i love painting .
oh , i have a degree in law .
very exciting ! side note on being a vegan , it is easy because i hate fish .
persona
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
persona II
i own a ford truck.
my truck is black.
i also like ford trucks.
i like ford cars.
i've a ford f150.
dialogue
hello how is your weekend going ?
hello , its great . loaded up on junk food and soda
nice . spent the day working on my truck .
cool what kind of truck ? i've my dads old car .
ford f150 . fords are the best . what kind of car is your dads ?
chevy impala . nice hand me down ride
that's a good one too . good american made cars . mines black . yours ?
blue . i love the car but i'm normally out running .
ugh , i hate running . ca not ever get in the right rhythm .
ll . . . all the caffeine keeps my energy up
you like coffee or soda more ?
ll both are great . i am only 125 pounds so they balance out .
persona
i grew up in alabama.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
i don t like the song sweet home alabama.
i love watching game of thrones.
persona II
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
i collect stamps.
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
my favorite color is blue.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
dialogue
what are you doing this weekend ? i'm going to a concert !
where i grew up ? alabama , i don t know yet
that is one of my favorite things to do on weekends ! i have never been to alabama
i love with my mom who is a grocery checker
that is interesting , my mom actually taught me how to play cello !
i might just keep watching the series game of thrones
i love game of thrones ! i have a stamp collection of game of thrones characters
have you heard the sweet home alabama ?
i have its a chick flick ! my wife enjoys them but i am more of a swimmer !
i don't really like it , really
yeah i go swimming at the y everyday !
where is that at ? wiht who ?
i've blue swim suit which is my favorite color , i go alone , its just a gym
wow , i can t do it alone i want some one to be with me
i do not mind swimming alone , but i need someone to go with me to weekend concerts
oh , concerts , i'm not really into it
persona
i dye my hair blonde.
i'm an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
i've 3 cats.
persona II
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
i m a really , really good guitar player.
dialogue
hello . . . seen any john grisham movies lately ? i love them !
is christmas with the kranks a john grisham movie ? that's the only one .
no . i only watch the movies . i don't read the books .
i spend lots of time reading . it is the best way to snuggle with my 3 cats !
i do not read much . i spend all my time playing the guitar . i am very good .
i've always wanted to play an instrument . i do not have the patience .
i do not know what i want to do yet . my parents used to be in politics .
politics stress me out . i blame being an only child . no one to practice with .
once they found the good within themselves , they left politics behind .
lol ! what do they do now ?
they don't know what they want to do yet either . don't worry , be happy .
it must be as two of my favorite mentors would say hakuna matata .
yes , it makes me so happy to think such things . i twirl in my skirt .
i flip my blonde hair .
the hills are alive ! oh , the sound of music ! la . . . . . . . . . . .
i love that movie ! is it your favorite ?
persona
after finishing my career i discovered that i'm not that passionate about it.
i am currently unemployed so i have time to write.
i want to become an author.
i am a profesional translator.
persona II
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
i'm training to be a welder.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i am starting an internship at a construction site next week.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm ok , just ate dinner .
what do you do for a living ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
i love watching movies in my spare time
i am a professional translator .
what city are you from ?
did you already cook dinner ?
no i didn't yet
i'm from washington , dc .
i'm from cali , have you ever been ?
what area are you from ?
i am in the inland empire
ok , no i never been to the westside .
do you have any pets ?
yes i have 3 dogs and a tiger .
persona
my father is dead.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my favorite color is yellow.
i play piano.
my hair is short.
persona II
i work as a teacher and love my job.
one child has autism.
i've two dogs who are like my babies.
i have two children.
i am a mother.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm great , just practicing on my piano , how about you ?
i am just snuggling my little boy . i've 2 real kids and 2 fur babies .
awe , that is cute . once my boyfriend gets back from army training , we will try for a kid .
i became a teacher after one of my children was diagnosed with autism .
before he passed away , my father was a teacher , he loved it .
being a teacher is rewarding . i love my job . what do you do ?
i'm just the pianist at my local church for right now , i enjoy it .
i am not sure of the timeframe , but i am sorry for the loss of your dad .
thank you , that means a lot !
whats your favorite hymn to play at church ?
o , hallelujah ! a classic .
persona
i think the moon landing was faked.
i talk very fast.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i like the color red.
persona II
i am married.
my favorite book is the bible.
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
i'm a older gentlemen.
dialogue
hey . how are you doing this evening ?
i'm doing well , and you ?
i'm just hanging out thinking about heaven . any plans this weekend ?
no plans just watching conspiracy videos . you ?
i'm watching a tv show about serial killers . i'm going to a bible study tomorrow .
oh that is cool . are you religious ?
i do mission work . we donate tools to families and communities in africa .
that is a kind thing to do . do you think the moon landing was real ?
i think that its very possible that the moon landing was staged .
i think it was , i'm pretty paranoid
i usually just let jesus take the wheel . do you believe ?
i do , but i have no proof
its all about faith . you have to pray and meditate . just how i feel .
does praying work ? maybe i will try
just close your eyes and talk to yourself . that is basically it .
i suppose it can not hurt
persona
i m saving up to buy a new camera.
i have always had long hair.
i like spicy food.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i enjoy running at night.
persona II
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
since young i ve loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
dialogue
good evening . how are you doing ?
i am good . had some really good super hot wings tonight . you ?
sounds good ! and i'm just peachy . enjoying scary movies tonight .
scary movies are awesome ! i watched so many when i worked at the theater
that would be a cool job . although i'd like to be a designer some day .
that sounds cool . i want to photograph fashion someday with my new camera
do it . no dream is too big . i just moved to ny to pursue mine .
awesome ! do you think i should cut my long hair to make a fresh start ?
bold move . but you sound like you could use a fresh start .
yes ! i've been running nightly to try to get in shape
good luck ! i love to go shopping . that is my exercise .
sounds like a fun way to exercise
it is . also an expensive one . but fashion is my thing . so it is okay ,
you sound like a super cool person !
persona
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
my mother is from russia.
she died when i was 18.
she taught me to cook.
i've a dog.
persona II
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i used to be a lawyer.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
my name is albert.
dialogue
i am albert and used to practice law . you ?
hi how are you today
good . i'm a judge now . you ?
nice i hope you don't judge me too badly
i'll not judge you at all . i work in federal court . you ?
i do russian things mostly
get out ! i do too ! i give everyone fair chances . you ?
i do , do you like to eat ?
you'd be a great voiceover artist . eat what ?
anything like any food really
yes ! all judges eat . you a lawyer ?
no i own a cafe with food
you a chef ? how do we get a bonus here ?
you can not get one . and yes i'm
get out ! me too ! i'm an ex lawyer . any specialties ?
yeah i made some great russian food
persona
my favourite band is rush.
i'm a mother of two.
i'm colour blind.
i m currently looking for employment.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
persona II
i've a set of identical twin brothers.
i work as an extra for major motion pictures.
i'm a talented singer and have won several competitions.
i'm an aspiring writer.
i'm a painter and love to create art.
dialogue
hi there ! tell me about your family !
hi i've two young kids
are they twins ? my brothers are identical twins .
no they're 2 and 4
those are lovely ages . what do you do for a living ?
i am currently looking for a new job what about you
i'm an extra in movies . i want to be a writer .
that's pretty cool have you seen anyone famous
yeah they are big movies so a lot of famous people . i also sing in competitions .
that is cool can you speak any language besides english
no i cannot . how about you ?
i speak french and spanish i want to teach my kids
that's really great definitely useful for children to know ! !
so true i am glad i learned when i was younger
do you have any hobbies ? i'm sure you are busy with your children .
i love to listen to music
persona
my wife stays home with our kids.
i hate tofu.
i work for a large law firm.
i drive a prius.
we own our home.
persona II
i'm a barista.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
my family is from algeria.
i play jazz piano in a band.
dialogue
hi , i was just playing piano after cleaning up at the coffee shop !
i love the paino . my wife plays because she's a housewife and teaches the kids
wonderful , i speak multiple languages , if they need a tutor !
i was looking for a hmong language tutor . a live it tutor for our new home
hmong i wish i knew , i'm algerian , but also speak french !
my partner in my law frim speaks french very well
i serve many lawyers at my coffee shop !
i love coffee with carmel
yummy ! i make that before i go hiking ! energy !
i spilled a latte all over my new prius i was mad but it was good
ouch ! those are nice cars , but i think they can be cleaned up !
yes it can but i was bring my wife some tofu that i hat but she loves
vegetarian works , i drink nothing but coffee ! just kidding !
yes it does so what are you getting into tonight ?
i have a gig with my band ! jazz trio , i'm the pianist .
my wife is in a band called sonja
persona
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
my family and i go camping every month.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
i am a mother of two beautiful boys.
persona II
i'm always early to everything.
i hope to change the world.
i love to tell jokes.
i work in a factory.
i volunteer in my spare time.
dialogue
i am on my way to food not bombs . . .
is that a store ?
silly , no , to volunteer
oh i just looked it up , they have one in tempe , az right next to me . lol
it has a good punk scene , work was tuff today dude
oh yeah how so ? i don't work , stay at home mom of two boys .
common ideals in that group , lounging you know , change the world
i see , you said you like punk ? i like pop , favorite artist is justin bees
my friend won a lesbian look alike contest , he's interesting
what do you like to do for fun ?
volunteer
awesome , i like to go camping every month and horseback ride when i can
nature is what we are
we are nature
persona
i like to sing.
have both daughters and sons.
i'm not married.
i like to hunt.
i love basketball.
persona II
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i am single and live alone.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i'm okay . what is your favorite song ?
i like most songs . pop music maybe
awesome .
how about you ?
i like rap , and cultural music
cool . do you work ?
yes , do you ?
yes , i make robots
i hunt for a living .
wow . . where do you live ?
texas and you ?
in california . there are a lot of chinese restaurant here so i mostly eat chinese food
that's making me hungry for chinese food . i also love watching basketball .
persona
i give lessons on string instruments.
i like to travel.
i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.
i play many instruments.
my favorite music genre is classical.
persona II
i talk a lot in irc.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
superman s my favorite super hero.
i drive only toyota.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
hello to you i'm great
what do you do for a living ?
i love to cook and travel
i spend a lot of time working out of my truck , i promote toyota
i grow my own food in my garden
that is pretty innovative , do you have a favorite cookie ?
i play the trumpet in the band
wow , way to copy everything .
my favorite cookie is chocolate chip . yum
oh i am sure it is . its mine too
especially warm with some milk
that is how oreos are best .
yes put a fork in the middle and dip
or just use your fingers and be lazy
yes but that's so messy
persona
i go running a lot.
i love hamburgers.
i hate winter.
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
i work as an electrician.
persona II
i am currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i am a blackjack dealer.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? if you could count cards in a casino , would you ?
hello how are you today ?
great ! do you work study ?
yes i work from home
what do you do ?
i work for apple and i just opened my online shop
congrats ! i want to become a casino manage and put that statics degree to use
thank you . that is great . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
good ! i bet i can make more than you by counting cards in blackjack
not saying you could not because working at a casino is good
well , i know how to count the cards , and i'm a dealer on the blackjack table
cool ! i'm thinking about investing into a company
persona
i want a porsche.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i m often late for class.
persona II
i am a mother of 2 daughters.
my husband works at a telecom.
i m a people person.
but i m a frustrated driver.
dialogue
what are you up to today ? i'm spending time with my two daughters .
hi there , thinking about a porsche i want to buy
nice . i get frustrated when i drive my car .
do you have any pets ?
i have a dog named luca .
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i like rats as pets but i'dn't keep wild ones .
i cannot reach my jar of cookies
that is unfortunate . i have to do that for my little girls .
if only i was taller
how tall are you exactly ?
not tall enough to get the cookies
what kind of cookies are they ?
they are my moms special cookies
i bake lots of cookies .
do you star gaze ? i do
persona
i live life to its fullest.
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i'm in college.
i enjoy playing video games.
persona II
i work in retail.
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i drive a ford taurus.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
nothing , just watching boring movies on my computer
what do you do for a living ?
i'm still a college student
what city are you from ?
long beach , what about you ?
i'm over here in riverside
oh , that is great ! do you like video games ?
no i don't play much
so what do you do for a living ?
i work at a department store
do you enjoy your work at department store ?
not really i hate people
why ? i mean why you hate people ?
persona
i only eat at restaurants.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
i am allergic to shellfish and cats.
i like having my back scratched.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
persona II
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i've been married for 20 years.
my favorite sport is football.
i am a military veteran.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
hi there . good morning . hope you are well .
i'm great . the wife and i just let the animal shelter
i volunteer at one , although i'm allergic to cats .
so what do you do for a living ?
i'm a tarot card reader . i love my job .
cool . i am a retired veteran
well thank you for your service . do you enjoy eating out ?
yes . i love trying new cuisine and you ?
same . i like trying different restaurants .
do you have any hobbies ? i love football
i love having my back scratched , and making candles .
interesting l o l
haha . yes i am quite interesting i think . my mom owns 500 pairs of shoes . she wins .
persona
i am only 5 foot tall.
i've a thick full beard.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
my parents are in there 80 s.
persona II
i live on an island.
i'm a closet cannibal.
i enjoy fishing.
i've a dog named bob.
i like to make boats on the weekends.
dialogue
hi ! where are you from ?
hello ! i live in new zealand . how about you ?
i am on an island with my dog .
what is something interesting about yourself ?
i am really good at making boats .
that's awesome . i was an extra in the hobbit .
whoa ! cool ! i secretly like to eat people .
um . creepy . i hope you are kidding . that's not good .
i know it is not good . we can change the subject .
probably a good idea . now i'm not sure what to say .
i like to fish . do you ?
fish are good . i stay away from water . it is hard for dwarves to swim .
understandable . i have lots of water on my island .
i'd imagine . is it really your island ?
well , not actually . just my house is mine . the island belongs to everyone .
if the island had no government then it wouldn't be illegal to eat people . . . .
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i'm one of four siblings.
my mother is a teacher.
i like to draw.
persona II
i rent an apartment.
i don't like coffee.
i work in finance.
i enjoy playing soccer.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing good and you ?
i'm doing great . just came in from playing soccer with my lads .
i'm doing good and you ?
do you play any sports ?
i am doing good and you ?
i'm doing great . do you have anything planned for today ?
i'm doing good and you ?
i'm doing well . just wanted to get to know you better .
so do you have siblings ?
i have two brothers what about you ?
where are you from originally i dance
i'm from california . what dance style do you practice ?
i'm more into drawing when i've time .
i like to draw also . where are you from ?
going to meet my mother over at school .
persona
i love to do yoga.
i work for a newspaper.
my favorite color is grey.
my passion is writing.
persona II
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i was born completely deaf.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i have a pug named corky.
i'm single and go on dates regularly.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
morning ! i am well . how is your day going ?
it is going well . i have been playing with my pug corky .
how cute ! i adore pugs . i always start my morning with yoga .
i enjoy yoga but would rather play tennis .
it helps me to start my day off energized . do you do well at tennis ?
i do , not as well as shopping at the mall though !
haha ! i'd say my expertise is writing . i work for a local newspaper .
i have been deaf since birth so reading is essential in my life !
oh my . i cannot imagine what that is like . i write articles on current affairs .
it does not affect my dating life , i am single and having a blast !
oh that's wonderful ! do you go on dates often ?
i do ! are you single ?
i am . i suppose i am more focused on writing right now .
nothing wrong with that . your career is important .
thank you ! i'd love to publish a book one day .
persona
i love kids and dogs.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i am a foodie.
i love to chat with my friends.
persona II
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
i love dogs.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i have 2 dogs as pets.
dialogue
my parents do not like my dogs
i am sorry to hear that , i love dogs !
i do too , i am a vet
great , i am a stay at home mom with two dogs and two girls .
i also have 2 dogs , and 3 kids
that will keep you busy . just came home from shopping with the girls .
shopping is fun . my mo is allergic to my pets
that's awful ! does she visit often ?
no , she'sn't a very good mom
but you are ! i love to chat , you are sweet !
aw , thank you ! same here
i just went to this new italian restaurant today . great pasta !
oh that sounds amazing ! i am eating chicken nuggets
i make a lot of chicken nuggets for my kids . that is good food too !
yeah , and mac and cheese
mac and cheese is another family classic food . we all love pasta !
persona
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
i am a truck driver.
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
persona II
i like to make bagels.
i used to be a nurse.
i like to arm wrestle.
i like to paint outdoors.
i'm a cartographer.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i am good . hope you are having a great day . i just got back from camping with my family
how great ! i love to camp too and paint outside .
are you an artist ? i enjoy playing baseball
the only sport i enjoy is arm wrestling , ha ! i create maps . paint in free time .
that is a great hobby . i paint with oils on canvas when i am not delivering for the bakery
what kind of bakery ? i make bagels every morning !
i deliver a variety of baked products . bread mostly . i'd like to make my own bagels
how long does it take to deliver them ? i am retired now , but i was a nurse .
it usually takes six to eight hours . being a nurse must be exciting
it was exciting ! why i need some painting and baking to relax me .
i like to bake too . i just made a pumpkin pie
what else do you like ?
i like to bake pepperoni rolls and bread
i have never had a pepperoni roll !
try them sometime . there are recipes on the internet . you'll love them
persona
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
my name is frank.
persona II
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
my family and i go camping every month.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
dialogue
hello how are you today
pretty good and yourself ?
i am find just listening to justin bieber
cool friends call me frank , what is your name
i am sonny my 2 boys are named after me
cool , why are you sorry ?
no my name is sonny . what do you like to do ?
i enjoy reading and cycling , you ?
i love horseback riding we go every month while camping
that is great , i also travel to canada on weekends for relaxing , do you travel
yes i just went to japan
really ! very nice , i am hoping to compete on a professional love cycling
i think you could do anything
thanks for the encouragement , that's my dream
tell me more about you
well i work as general manager at a grocery store for living
persona
i don't like beer.
i live with a roommate.
my favorite animal is the koala.
i work part time.
persona II
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
i am a hardcore biker.
i enjoy the outdoors.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
dialogue
what is up ! ! welcome to hiking club .
umm thanks . will i be able to see koalas . . they are my fave
maybe . it depends on where we go .
well , i work part time so i've flexibility . my roomage may be interested to . .
brb . pancakes are about burn . favorite
mmm i'd have a beer while i wait but i don't like them .
ll . booze does not mix with bikes and hiking . . make ya sick
you are really into fitness i see
i'm a little bit . what about you
i eat mostly organic , nongmo but that is about it
nah dude . red meat builds the muscles .
i didn't say i was vegan , i will pay more for better beef
ll my bad . yes grass feed cage free is better . so where u live ?
depends . . pr . . dr . . nj . . pa . . i work online so . .
persona
i vacation in florida every winter.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
my sister is a published author.
i sing karaoke every thursday night.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
my name is kevin.
i am a student in college.
i am studying software development.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i play the guitar.
dialogue
hey whats up brah ? names kevin
hello . nice to meet you kevin .
i study software development , what do you do ?
i do not work but i manage to take a vacation every winter in florida .
that is the life ! there's a sweet iron man competition down there i want to try
that sounds interesting but did you know doing karaoke every thursday is also fun ?
i did , in fact i jam open mic night frequently
that's great ! we should hang out !
sure ! you can sing i'll play guitar !
yea man . i can wear my lucky yellow shirt .
well now i am excited ! i will book my flight for spring break
awesome i will meet you there ! gotta go now tho . have a great day !
persona
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
persona II
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
i always answer my cellphone.
i take fridays off in the summer.
i work in sales.
its important to me to make my clients happy.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
hey ! ! great , about to go to the farmers market with my girls . you ?
a great way to spend the day ! farmers markets are great on a summer friday
so much fun ! i am teaching my girls how to make a vegan taco salad .
how fancy ! i spend too much time working to cook much
no work here so cooking and trying restaurants with friends for me lol
that sounds lovely . i spend my days making my clients happy
are you a dr ? i love taking with and advising friends .
unfortunately just sales . giving the best advise is the right thing to do
nothing is just sales ! it is an important job !
thank you ! i'm always on my phone though
so you love to chat too hehe .
yes and no . i'd like a break from it sometimes
so go out and shop ! i love shopping with my girls
that sounds like a lot of fun . i should do that real soon
what is your favorite dish ?
persona
i love rock music.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i am taking courses online.
i like ice cream.
persona II
i also like eating sushi.
i'm studying for my master s.
cooking is one of my pass times.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a student in social sciences.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am well , thank you ! i am looking forward to getting to know you !
just got done eating sushi and pizza my favorite
yum ! sounds good ! do you have big plans for this nice fall weekend ?
probably cook a delicious meal i love to cook
nice ! a relaxing weekend ! lucky you ! i have to work all weekend !
oh no . i'll probably do some studying i am working my my master degree
oh wow ! i am also in school ! taking classes online right now for my teaching degree !
good for you ! i am studying social sciences as well
trying to get ahead in my classes . have tickets for a rock concert on tuesday !
cool what kind of music do you like ?
i like a lot of genres , but rock is my favorite .
i like gospel and country
i've been to some country concerts ! concerts and ice cream are my guilty pleasures !
love love love ice cream good choice ! !
what is your favorite flavor ? mine is a generic peanut butter and chocolate one !
persona
i don t like feeling controlled.
i've a harsh inner critic.
i don t like my reputation.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i want to move.
persona II
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
i ve never met my father.
my mother works at a bank.
i work in an animal shelter.
dialogue
how are you doing this evening ?
hello , i'm fine , and yourself ?
pretty good . just chowing down on some mushroom ravioli
that sounds delicious ! i had the best mushroom ravioli in italy .
i bet ! nothing better than the original place
are you trying to control this conversation ?
no i am sorry ! tell me about you
i am trying to find a better place to move , i made a horrible choice !
why do you say that ?
oh these people at work do not like me and treat me horribly .
what kind of job do you have ? i work with animals
i work with people at a hospital .
mine is an animal shelter , so similar work
are people nice to you at work or do they try to tell you what to do ?
persona
twilight is my favorite book series.
i only surf when the tide is low.
i recently moved to florida.
i m a huge fan of jason mraz.
i want to find out what it s like to eat grasshoppers.
persona II
i m taking online classes.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my hair is long and brown.
i wait tables.
i have a little girl.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
i am great , how are you ?
tired . i was waitressing all night .
i bet that is hard work
it is . i have to tho , i have a young girl to support .
cool i don't have any children
i signed up for some online classes to better myself .
awesome . . . i just relocated to florida
very cool ! i'm in tampa !
terrific . i hope i get to surf a little bit
ae you on the east coast side of florida ?
yes . i wanted to be close to the beach
i know north of daytona is good surfing .
do you have any hobbies ?
persona
my brother thinks he s a viking.
i have a pet skunk.
my nails are painted green.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
my master s degree is in italian literature.
persona II
my mom was a hairdresser.
i drive a prius.
my favorite color is red.
i work at a coffee shop.
dialogue
hi . i am sitting in my prius chatting . what do you drive ?
hi , i am just sitting chatting with some friends , how are you today ?
pretty good . just got off work from the coffee shop . you ?
i do not drive , i ride the bus , do you have any pets ?
no . but my car is red like my favorite color . what is yours ?
i love coffee , i need it every day to wake up and survive .
same here ! what does your mom do ? mine is retired but was a hairdresser .
mine favorite color is green , i even have my nails green
fancy ! would you ever consider green hair ? !
i've a masters in italian , how about you
impressive . no other languages for me , i can barely speak english properly !
i've a pet , do you have any pets ?
i do not , but i want a red parrot .
it is a skunk , i know but he's so darn cute
persona
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
persona II
i am a vegetarian.
my favorite band is nickelback.
i'm catholic.
i just started working as a librarian.
dialogue
good evening how are you feeling ?
i'm great , night owl over here . i'm introverted , don't go out much
i eat only vegetables not meat at all .
wow , why ? love animals ? i've a very loyal pet pug
i love animals , i read about them everyday at my job as a librarian
ew , i hate librarians , despite being a graduate student studying to be a lawyer
i've to go to mass in the morning at my catholic church .
is that why you didn't respond to me saying i hated you ?
i am so sorry you feel that way but i love all people .
i love my boys , my homies , the guys i play ultimate with in the park
i love listening to nickelback band .
wow i hate you more , no offense . i only play ultimate sometimes
i love you even though you keep saying you hate me .
i live in new york , i love the local shops . visit and we fight
when i visit i'll show you nothing but love and kindness .
i'll show you my unblockable sh tyle
persona
i have a parakeet.
i've 3 roommates.
i love gummy bears.
my favorite color is orange.
i am lactose intolerant.
persona II
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
my parents both are school teachers.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
i want to own a house on a beach.
dialogue
hello . do you have any hobbies ?
hi there how are you ? no hobbies .
i like to watch nascar and listen to pop music
sounds like fun . do you have pets ? i have a bird .
no pets . i'dn't mind a dog . what do you do for work ?
unemployed right now . do you live with anyone ? i've roommates .
i live with my parents but dream to own a beach house
that sounds nice . what is your favorite candy ? mine are gummy bears .
gummy bears are pretty awesome . i like the red flavor ! and you ?
orange is actually my favorite flavor and color . do you have a favorite color ?
turquoise ! reminds me of the ocean . are you close with your family ?
not really unfortunately . can you drink milk ? i cannot i'm lactose intolerant .
persona
i like to make cakes.
i am a vegetarian.
my favorite music is country.
i like the internet.
i have a new job.
persona II
i can t hold down a job for very long.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i am constantly drinking.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi . good . just finished making a chocolate cake .
where do you work at
i just started working at st . martins hospital . how about you ?
i am not good around people
that is what i like about the internet . makes it easier .
yeah i need to drink to even do that
i'm sorry . maybe listen to some music . country calms me .
i try a lot of music
maybe you could try being a vegetarian . that helps me feel happier .
i think drinking is the only answer
i wish you could find happiness another way . do you have any hobbies ?
i don't aside from the drinks
well , you could come to my place and help me bake a cake .
persona
i am the oldest of 5 children.
i m a disappointment to my family.
i love my parrot , todd.
i love to climb.
i ve never been to the beach.
persona II
i have a nice smile.
i love to exercise.
many people want to be my friend.
i like makeup.
dialogue
what are you doing right now ?
babysitting my siblings , i'm the oldest of five kids . how about you ?
very nice . just about to go run around the block . i need my exercise
cool , have you ever been to the beach ? i've not but want to .
no i don't , but i should go to rock my bikini body
do you have any pets , todd , my parrot is my best friend . he talks .
no pets , but that's really cool !
wish i had a bikini bod , i'm a fat disappointment and my family tells me .
oh no you aren't ! i bet you would be pretty if you put on makeup
have you ever been rock climbing ? i'm pretty good at it , even being fat .
no , i'm too caught up in my looks . i've a great smile and love makeup
this conversation makes me giggle , thanks for making me laugh !
i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend
you and your big bag of makeup !
yes . i can make anyone look pretty
sounds good to me , i like looking good and laughing !
persona
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i'm a happy person.
i sing many songs.
persona II
i went to japan this summer.
my mom is a painter.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my favorite sport is hockey.
dialogue
how are you tonight i'm great
good just enjoying listening to the lumineers
do you like hockey i love the game
no , i am more into reading and walking outside on sunny days
that's nice also my mom likes to paint
cool ! does she like to sing songs also ? i sing many
i don't think so what do you sing
anything happy . i am just a happy person
i like to be happy to like when i visited japan
that does sound happy ! tell me more about it
it was a great time any time i'm away from home is
do you enjoy walking on sunny days . we could both go ?
yes that sounds like a plan
lets do it ! what else do you enjoy ?
highschool i am going to be there soon
oh ! cool , when do you finish ?
persona
i'm an angry person.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
i drive a jag.
i am an old man.
persona II
i have a bad habit of being dishonest.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
i sometimes get into fights.
i've driven a race car before.
i would like to try sky diving.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
good not getting any younger that is for sure and you ?
i have developed horrible habits .
tell me about it i tend ti get angry alot
you should let that aggression out , try driving a race car , it works .
yea i've my jag that does the trick most of the time
cars are fast but we should go sky dive
i'd rather see someone do it . i am more of a bar person
i could use some scotch right now .
yea scotch sounds good right now . what do you do ?
all of it , i have bad habits
and do you want to change that ?
no way , thug life till i die
that's one way to look at it
persona
i have two dogs.
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i work nights now and like my job.
i m a 30 year old male.
persona II
many people want to be my friend.
i m not a nice person.
i love to exercise.
i like makeup.
dialogue
hi , just got off the treadmill , feeling great . how are you ?
i'm tired , i'm on nights and my girl left me .
wow , you probably deserved it . i'd not know , i get lots of dates .
i've my two dogs , they're helping me through this .
what kinds do you have ? my favorite thing about dogs is going for walks .
i have a lab and a springer spaniel .
i don't really have time for pets . i get asked to lots of parties .
must be nice to be so popular , i work a lot .
maybe that's why your girlfriend left .
i think it had more to do with the fact that she was stealing from work .
i steal from work too . got to buy the new fenty foundation .
i prefer to save up for the things i want , like my bmw
i've lots of people offering me rides in their fancy cars . not impressed .
with the passive aggressiveness you are showing , i beg to differ .
persona
i love the band van haven.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i like going to canada.
i wear a lot of purple.
i want to be a doctor.
persona II
i drive a red car.
i enjoy running.
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i've 2 dogs.
i'm an accountant.
dialogue
hi how are you today
great how are you doing today ?
i am alright do you ever run ?
no , not really , but i do like to travel . what about you ?
sometimes . i go in my red car
what kind of red car is it ?
a real fast one ! you got a car ?
no , actually i have a blimp . . .
oh where do you work ?
toronto , in a medical facility .
in your blimp ? sounds rad
maybe i can add some other steampunk elements to it ; but i have not worked out the engineering . . .
do you like any music ?
i like heavy metal music
persona
i'm unsociable.
my weakness are sweets.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i am a jack of all , master of none.
i'm male.
persona II
summer is my favorite season.
i am currently unemployed.
my birthday is in june.
i have a cat.
dialogue
hey how is it hanging ?
you know i be chillin
what is the best season ? it is not now .
i love the winter time
nope try warmer . then you are closer to my birthday . . . where do you work ?
i run a lab on the dark side of the moon
that is absolutely awesome .
yes i'm awesome today
i only have one lousy cat and you have a moon job .
i am kind of a big deal
as for me , i have no job at all . help me ?
sure , what can i do to help ?
is there a job for me and my cat somewhere in outer space ?
yeah they have plenty of strip clubs here
i cannot recall my gender assignment , is either one ok for that work ?
i think people pay extra for that
persona
i love beef.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues.
i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
persona II
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i like to snowboard.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
dialogue
howdy partner !
hello ! how are you ?
i'm pretty good , how about yourself ?
great ! just came back from a walk with my bipolar dog .
that sounds nice , i've been taking care of a buddy horses this afternoon .
why ? wheres the hubby ?
he is out playing football with my brother .
local team ? you are not there to cheer them on ?
my brother plays in the nfl , but they are just playing around practicing now .
oh , nice ! does your husband have any football aspirations ?
he does not , he just enjoys throwing the ball around with my brother occasionally .
what do you like ?
persona
i work at a real estate office.
i'm in my 20 s.
i am dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i love to sing.
persona II
i m going to school to get my bachelor s degree.
i m a veteran.
i love my girlfriend.
i eat a lot of meat.
my father was also in the military.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
i am great . i just was texting my boss .
cool . where do you wor
i sell houses for a living
that's cool . wish i could afford a house , i'm still in school
yeah , if it was not for my bf i mean boss i'd not have money either
you know anyone in the military
i am sure that i sold houses to some
my dad and i are both veterans and served in the military .
what branch did you serve in
that does not matter . all that matters is i'm getting my bachelors and have a girlfriend i love
what are you getting a bachelors in
i wish it was in hunting , i love to eat loads of meat
what do you like to hunt
elk , deer , rabbits , you name it . what do you like to do ?
i like to dance and go to karaoke
persona
i live life to its fullest.
i enjoy playing video games.
i'm in college.
i enjoy listening to country music.
i have a crummy job at scrubway.
persona II
i have several siblings i don t know.
i work at a local party store.
i was adopted.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
yo i am living to the fullest with video games how are you ?
i'm great . what video games ?
tetris only . and country music . what do you like to do ?
i like to prepare for christmas year round
i prefer halloween it is more fun in college
halloween isn't as good as christmas joy
halloween has more costumes and booze
i'm employed at a local party store and we are getting those shipments
excellent glad to know it is coming along
we are gonna get super busy
super fun will there be bonuses ?
no it is only hourly
oh too bad . you should get a bonus
i wish ! come talk to my boss for me
we should start a revolutionary workers party
persona
my favorite color is pruple.
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i am an only child.
i really love plants.
i've brown eyes.
persona II
i'm well built and tall.
i m in gymnastics.
i like the beatles.
i work as a scientist.
dialogue
do you want to listen to music with me
sure ! what kind of music do you like ?
honestly , mostly just the beatles
that sounds good to me . i play classical music for my plants .
i'm really tall , feed your plants to me for nourishment
haha , my plants could help with height . my lizard always eats my plants .
i could make a potion for you , to make them taste bad to him
that is ok . i really don't mind . he doesn't eat all of them .
okay . i was just trying to help
i appreciate it . gila is a good lizard . what do you like to do ?
i like to go be fabulous at gymnastics
that sounds fun ! do you ever where purple there ? it is my favorite color
no . not really . but i could .
i've always like purple things . what color do you like ?
i like all the colors . none specifically
i don't really like brown . and my eyes are brown .
persona
i work out daily.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i play the bass guitar.
i like to go out fishing.
persona II
i live in upstate new york.
i live with my husband and two children.
i love to take road trips.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
howdy ! i am doing swell ! just got back from fishing . you ?
not bad long day at work , tons of meetings lol . are you on vacation ?
nope , i'm happily retired ! my days are spent working out or fishing haha
i live near a ton of lakes in upstate ny ! great fishing .
very cool ! i miss living in a big city like ny !
where did you use to live ?
chicago , the windy city ! do you like living in ny ?
its great . my husband and kids like the outdoors , but the city is pretty close .
cities have the best foods ! i love chicago pizza and burgers haha
have you been to lots of cities ? i love to travel .
i've actually never been to the west coast . have you ?
no ; i want to though ! do you get to travel much after retiring ?
to be honest , i don't move around much these days haha
persona
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
persona II
i am an only child.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i like barbies.
my name is nancy.
i'm a girl.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello , i'm well . where do you live ?
i am a barbie girl so a mansion
that's great i relocated to ny so i can study in this great school for designing
are you an only child ?
i am not sure my desire is to become a fashion designer . how about you ?
i go by nancy ! you ?
have you heard of alexander mcqueen and coco chanel ? they're my inspiration !
the talking race cars ? ll
ll . no they talk about them in the prestigious designing school .
that is very odd to talk about
well that is because i really enjoy shopping and i am inspired in stylish stores as well
whats your name ? i am nancy
i am not sure nancy . do you have any desires
persona
i have a girlfriend of 7 years.
i never have had alcohol in my life.
i watch every football game at alabama.
i'm a geology major at alabama university.
persona II
i do not eat healthy.
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i have 3 kids.
i married my high school sweetheart.
dialogue
hi ! how are you this fine evening ?
i kind of want to get drunk .
i've my three kids so i cannot do that . do you have kids ?
no , i'm in college . i just haven't ever had alcohol and was curious .
ever ? i am not a big drinker so i stick to soda mainly .
ever . i drink water . with my girlfriend .
cute . i married my last boyfriend my high school sweetheart
i have been with her for 7 years .
are you thinking of marriage ?
maybe after school . i do not really know
ahhh . what kind of music do you like ?
country music , what about you ?
there are some good country singers . i really like the rolling stones
that is not country though . .
persona
i enjoy going to museums.
i am married.
i have ten nieces and nephews.
i live in new york city.
persona II
i work at a candy store.
i run two miles everyday.
i ve been married for five years.
i played football in college.
dialogue
do you like sweets can you stars where i work
hey , i do no like sweets . i like visiting museums though . where do you work ?
store i work in a candy store to my house this is aaron
candy store ? i don't see many candy stores in new york city where i live .
new york is a good place to run 2 miles every day i run
yes , central park would be . i visit there sometimes with my nieces and nephews , all 10 !
for five years i ve been married and my wife
wow , i have only been married for 2 . you are way ahead .
yes football is what i play in college before how about you
i never played any sports .
so what else do you do for fun
i could have put 2 basketball teams together with my nieces and nephews .
oh that s a good organizational skills
you need those to get around in new york city .
wow i really want to visit new york city soon
try to avoid coming during the winter . it is not very pleasant .
persona
i work in a lab.
i believe in love at first sight.
i have two brothers.
i love to sleep in.
persona II
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
dialogue
hi ! how are you on this nice evening ?
just staying up late . so i can sleep in tomorrow . you ?
nice ! mine is okay . cold and rainy .
oh no . do you get to sleep in tomorrow ?
sadly no . kids have school . up at 5 am sharp !
i do lab work but i get to come in at noon tomorrow
cool ! i work with dogs . i have a beagle named droopy .
cute name ! i do not have dogs but i do have brothers . same thing
that it is ! i have three daughters and that is about as much work .
i bet . do you have a husband ?
yes . he drives a truck . that's why i picked up a job .
did you fall in love with him when you first met him ?
no . i wanted to punch him more than anything . haha !
oh ! that is hilarious . i believe that we fall in love immediately
i believe our souls do long before we meet . but he was rude and cocky .
sometimes the ego does that to us
persona
my husband is a pastor.
i do not like to clean house.
i have two children.
my hair is curly and dark.
persona II
i was a slave for 10 years.
i got married 10 years later.
i was the first born child.
my favorite color is red.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
dialogue
hello , nice to meet you ?
is that a question or a statement
just a greeting , sorry , i think the question mark jumped up there .
haha how are you today
was doing good , but my auto spell thinks differently .
life isn'thing but pain
sorry , whats wrong , is it work ?
oh just an observation haha
what kind of work do you do ?
i just take care of the kids
are you married , have a family ?
yes my husband is a priest
kids that's rewarding and a big job in itself . i'm a carpenter .
jesus was a carpenter too
persona
i love scary movies.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i am allergic to cats.
i'm a member of the ymca.
persona II
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my favorite hobby is reading.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i'm a digital artist.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi ! i'm doing well and you ? my allergies are acting up from the cats
why do you have cats then ?
they are my neighbors . she has so many it feels like i have my own
where are you from eh ?
i am from nyc . i should find a new piano teacher due to the cat situation
i'm from france yo know
are you really ? do the french like scary movies ?
we do , stephen king is my favorite
cool i love them ! i watch them after i go to the ymca
it is so spooky and scary
do you work out at all ?
nah i just read mostly
oh i should read more often . cut back on the scary movies a bit
persona
i play the piano.
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i'm going bald.
persona II
i love to go running.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i don't like vegetables.
my favorite truck is a chevy duramax.
dialogue
hi , how is your day going ?
hi , my day is good , so far . i am however loosing my hair .
why are you losing your hair ?
i think it is something that just happens with age . how are you doing today ?
i'm good just went for a run .
do you enjoy running ? i enjoy sewing items to wear .
yes i love to run hopefully will do a marathon soon .
i did run into the host of the tonight show the other day .
oh really how was that encounter ?
very interesting , we discussed my lessons with liberace .
that sounds like a fun discussion my family loves the host .
do you watch the show with your family ?
yes its a fun time to spend together
do you have a big family ?
yes i am one of 8 kids
wow , that is a big family . are you oldest , youngest ?
persona
i am a scientist.
i know karate.
i want to go to mars.
i am an avid artist.
persona II
i've three children.
i like to garden.
i'm a teacher.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
dialogue
what are you plans today ?
just hanging out doing some painting . you ?
just getting ready to go out and work on my garden for a bit
cool what do you have in your garden ?
bell peppers , potatoes , corn , basil , rosemary . a lot of great stuff
that sounds perfect for a salad
absolutely . my 3 kids love all the veggies
i do not have any child . i'm just a lonely scientist
hey there are worse things . i teach
lol that's true . what do you teach ?
english for middle school . i got my certification from college
ah middle school , the kids are not the same
no , they're not . but it is very rewarding
i bet it feels good helping the youth learn
it does . i love helping my kids too
one day i'll teach karate , i've a black belt
persona
i played football in college.
i run two miles everyday.
i work at a candy store.
i have a passion for politics.
persona II
my older sister plays clarinet.
i've a pomeranian.
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
dialogue
hello . i've a pet pomeranian . do you like dogs ?
hello ! what do you do for work ? i'm employed for a store that sells candy .
i compete playing violin on competitions , a few of them i've placed high in .
i like dogs but my real passion lies in politics .
i see . i got my passion from my mom teaching music in elementary school
i love the violin . do you like sports ? i was good at football while in college .
i've enter in many contest as well as my eldest sister with her clarinet
how fun ! my sister and i enjoy running together . we ran a couple miles today .
i do enjoy sports . especially live . i like dancing more than running
dancing is fun too ! what live sports do you like ?
football , before they went crazy . baseball and hockey
i like baseball out of all the sports .
it is a good sport except when it is a 1000 degrees outside
yes , very true ! did you ever play baseball ?
with family yes . i played co ed softball mostly
i played baseball for 9 years !
persona
i eat out more than three times a week.
i look down on people who didn t.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
persona II
i like to play board games.
i race cars for a living.
i like to go fishing.
i've 4 daughters.
dialogue
hi ! have any kids ? i do ! four daughters .
no i don't . i don't have time for kids
what do you do for a living ? have any hobbies ?
i'm a lawyer . i went to harvard . no major hobbies though
i race fast cars to make a living ! dangerous but fun !
well it is better than most people . hopefully you make good money
i also love to fish . it can be relaxing and a nice time .
too smelly . i would rather someone catch fish for me
we have family game night . we like to play games . like board games .
oh okay . are you rich ? i only associate with rich people
yes they can be smelly ! i don't like cleaning them !
gross . i would rather go out to eat
yes of course i am ! i am pretty popular in the race world .
oh good . how do you feel about taxes ?
i love going out to eat . whats your favorite kinds of food ?
steak , lobster , caviar . anything really expensive
persona
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i have a college degree in marketing.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i am colorblind.
persona II
i am a savage.
i'm stuck in the past due to remotness.
i have no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
dialogue
hi there . how are you today ?
tired ! i just got off a 36 hour shift at the firehouse .
oh wow ! long day ! i enjoy the outdoors !
i wish i could spend more time outdoors but i care take mom
i make videos for the discovery channel .
no way ! i love photography but can't see colors so that limits me .
oh , that would be rough being color blind in photography .
lucky for you you aren t ! i used to be a marketing exec in sf but bailed .
do you have any kids ?
no . might never . i m 30 now and just don t have the urge .
i am single with no kids too .
there are lots of us , trust me ! plus i want to open a business soon .
oh . what kind of business ?
i want to open an old fashion grocery and feed store .
that sounds very interesting . good luck .
i want to be an owner and not just a slave worker to the 1 class !
persona
i like to eat tune.
i have two cats.
my cats like to be read to.
i'm a librarian in my current job.
i like to read books.
persona II
i m picky when it comes to food.
my temper is pretty short.
i like early 2000s indie music.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am good thanks . and yourself ?
i am feeling great today . i was just out with my dog .
nice . no dogs here , only cats here 2 of them .
my dog really helps me with my anxiety and my temper .
they're therapeutic . i read books for relaxation .
i like to read to . i'd also like to someday teach english .
i used to teach , now i am a librarian . hence the love for books .
i think that would be a great job . i also love to listen to music , especially indie .
something weird i do is read to my cats . they seem to enjoy it .
it doesn't seem weird to me !
thank you . i just finished lunch here , tuna sandwich .
i hate tuna ! i'm difficult when it comes to food .
one of my favorites . i'm not real picky .
i love pizza and pasta .
two more of my favorites . i love mexican food the most .
persona
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i'm a mother.
i enjoy shopping online.
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy swimming.
persona II
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
my father was a famous actor.
i don t like acting.
i don t like kids.
dialogue
hello how are u tonight
goodnight how are you doing ?
not to bad just got home from the club
i love swimming do you ?
swimming is pretty fun i've a big pool
i just finish ordering my kids some mermaid blankets online .
i am not fond of kids could not keep up my lifestyle if i had any
maybe one day you will change your mind about kids .
maybe but my three red ferrari cars say doubt it
i was previously employed at monsanto now i work for a pizzeria .
my dad was a famous movie star for many years
i love novels about fantasy fiction .
i like to read stephen king books
great what movies did your dad star in ?
there where so many i cant name them all
stephen king is very notorious author .
persona
i drive a truck for a living.
i exercise 4 times a week.
my favorite sport is football.
i recently bought a camper.
i am former military.
persona II
my favorite animals are dolphins.
my father works in advertising agency.
i enjoy making let s plays.
i love youtube.
i have my own channel.
dialogue
dolphins are my favorite animals . what is your favorite animal ?
i like turtles . i saw a lot when i was in the military .
my dad works in an advertising agency . where does your dad work ?
my dad drives a truck . he tought me , now that's my career .
good for you ! do you drive a rig ?
yes . it helps me be able to drive around the camper i recently bought .
i adore youtube so much that i run my own channel . what do you run ?
i run myself . i exercise a lot .
i like creating lets plays . what do you create ?
i like to create children . is your lets play about football , my favorite sport .
my project is about various topics . what did you do in the military ?
i drove trucks in a supply company . that's interesting .
do you lift weights besides running ?
yes . it is a good way to put on muscle . do you ?
yes , i do weight training and fitness walking . how much do you lift ?
i lift a lot . probably 3 o 4 times a week .
persona
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
i am in my second year of medical school.
i have two children but i'm divorced.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
persona II
i volunteer at the local humane society.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
one day i'd really like to skydive.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
when i m not touring with the band , i like to garden.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am doing great working on a paper for medical school
that is interesting . are you into people ? i work at a local shelter .
in my second year can not wait until i'm done
it must be really taxing . it only gets more so from med school i hear .
yes it does but you won't have to write long research papers often
yeah , i guess paperwork doesn't compare to that . are you on campus ?
its hard when you are divorced with 2 kids
that has to be rough . i just live with my twin , so easy life here .
i'm not on campus most second years live off campus
so are your kids living with their mother ? sorry if i'm too personal .
no , i take care of my kids , i went back to school later in life
i see . so what else do you do other than being a family man ?
i like to watch old movies
cool , i like movies and their soundtracks . i am actually in a band .
what music do yo all play
persona
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
i've a dog named percy.
i like books about trains.
my cat died.
i like thomas the tank engine.
persona II
my favorite band is the muggers.
i go surfing any chance i get.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
dialogue
how are you ? i like to surf . do you like a band ?
hi i just lost my cat so i am not good
i'm so sorry to hear that did you call her ?
she's dead we were watching thomas the train and then she was gone
i am sorry she left . i believe we will see them again
i think you are right i am going to read my book about trains
i donate the passive income i earn to shelters . i like trains
yeah trains are the best
no one knows about the income i earn . yes , trains are !
do you make a lot
not really . i can not stick to one partner
that'sn't good or maybe it is lol
no that is not good , i am with you on that one
yeah well hopefully everything gets better for you
thanks . do you have a favorite band ?
no not really i like them all
persona
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i have three roommates.
i've an eyebrows piercing.
persona II
i am a professional gamer.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i love to play league of legends.
i love dogs.
dialogue
do you like to play video games ?
not really . my roommates fighter over the box so i gave up
do you have any pets ?
not anymore . i kicked the cat out after she pulled out my eyebrow piercing . ouch !
do you got any children ?
only the one i left at the truck stop . you ?
what piercings do you have ?
none now . i have 36 stitched where the cat ripped it oit
i have 3 kids that live with me .
that's awesome . i'm lead in a grunge band . its like my kids
you should killed that cat .
no comment its got me sympathy tips at the coffee shop
persona
i love chocolate.
my grandparents are dead.
i love watching anime.
i ve a flower garden.
persona II
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
people don t like me too much but i like them anyways.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
dialogue
just thinking how to help the homeless and poor in the area .
i am finalizing the memorial bench for my grandparents
how lovely . hoping to heal the world one app at a time .
yeah my grandma helped me with my garden so a bench seem fitting
that's nice . i tend to like people more than they like me .
i've a love hate relationship with chocolate
i hear you . ever work out ? i listen to christian music .
yeah i watch anime on my treadmill
fun . it is an electronic dance version , but it is fun ,
