no , i do not . i'm a surfer , and currently looking for a job .
i am a freak and left turns terrify me
i am terrified of snakes , that doesn't make us freaks .
i dig your attitude . good way to live .
thank you . i try to be a positive influence in this world .
we need more of that in this world . i hope to do that too .
we do . my husband is a detective , i try to stay positive for him .
i suppose you have to in that line of work . kudos for your strength .
thank you . we all have it inside of us , we just have to tap into it .
totally agree with you . good outlook .
oh , i have my moments .
persona
i work at a real estate office.
i love to sing.
i am dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
persona II
i like alternative rock.
i work in a craft store.
i love to crochet.
i own a hearse.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hi , i am fine how are you
i am doing just great enjoying some alternative rock now
that sound good , i listing to a song
i'll have to leave soon to work at the craft store in my area
craft that sound good love craft
i do it to keep busy at times
what is you favorite flower
i like the smell of daisies
my favorite is yellow daisy also
that's great we have something in common
yes you love going to movies
i love a good movie
i love the movie driving ms daisy
i've seen that before , and i like to crochet
where do you work if working
persona
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
i like standing in the rain.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
persona II
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i like jogging in my spare time.
dialogue
hello ! how are you . i hope you are from australia
i'm from the usa
i want to move to australia some day
that would be nice i love the change of seasons like when summer ends
i fear the cold which i why i work in houston
i love being on the outside standing while the rain falls .
when i go jogging it is nice to have a cool rain come in
it would help if my computer would speed up
i do not know much about computers . hope it turns around for you
my favorite actress is rita hayworth .
i don't know who that is . what has she been in ?
older movies love stories where she's the perfect dream woman
she sounds like a good one . i wonder if my sister knew her
yes she's an actress than young woman look up too
persona
i m from seattle.
i work in public relations.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite band is bon over.
persona II
i stay active.
i've good health.
i am retired.
i wear glasses.
i have eight grandchildren.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i am doing amazing so far
great , i am just spending time with my 8 grandchildren since i am retired
that sounds like a great job
it is , i like staying very active to keep in good health
healthy is important these days
yes , it is . tell me about yourself .
well i am amazing , also a vegan
you sound amazing ! vegan , that is a hard lifestyle choice !
i am kind of a big deal
since you are amazing i might not have to use my glasses to see you
you might need sun glasses
true , you might burn the retinas right off me
i am also a buddhist
an amazing buddhist . tell me more !
i dance for a living on the weekends
persona
i like to only eat fish.
i'm a democrat.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i have amazing eye sight.
persona II
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i have lived in several different states.
i have a cat named kj.
dialogue
me and kj my goofy kitty say hello ! how are you ?
hey you and goofy kitty ! i am great thanks , yourself ?
good ! just finished unpacking . we just moved to a new state for work .
exciting ! are you looking forward to your new job ?
its my husbands job . he is in sales . i am actually a retired nurse .
i see , cool ! so what do you do in your spare time now that you are retired ?
well we have lived in a lot of states so i look to explore local sites . you ?
you are a bit of a traveller then ! i follow politics closely .
really ? that is interesting . i joke that kj likes politics . political kitty !
i bet kj could do a much better job than most politicians !
haha , probably . he is a sweet lil guy who loves tuna and is not mean .
awesome ! i think we would get along nicely , i love tuna !
persona
i'm a chef.
i like to garden.
i love traveling.
i like photography.
i like to bake pies.
persona II
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
i've a large mustache.
i live in a condo.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
dialogue
hi there , are you a retired reporter like me ?
hello , i am a chef actually
that's absolutely great just fantastic
yea i also love baking too pies is my favorite
you should bake a pie in the shape of my mustache , it is huge !
i enjoy gardening i like to grow my own fruits and veggies
that's absolutely great just fantastic
i love to travel and see different things
i was an alcoholic once
i like to photography as well
that is absolutely great just fantastic
it was a nice day today
that is funny , i don't get along with my wife
i cant want to until my birthday
you can throw a birthday party in my condo
my dog will not stop barking
persona
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
i am going to school for writing.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
persona II
i live in alabama.
i've blonde hair.
i'm obese.
i m 53 years old.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
great thankyou . what do you do ?
i'm retired at 53 years of age .
is that a good thing ? what do you do while you are retired ?
it is great . here in alabama , i like to go to a lot of sporting events .
i love the library . my mom has been a librarian for years , and i always help .
ah , nice . i should probably help with something like that . sitting around has made me fat .
i'm still in school , so i do like college ball .
very cool . have blonde hair like me ?
you could volunteer your time , it would keep you busy for sure .
yeah , maybe i will do that .
no blonde hair , actually no hair at all .
oh , so you are bald ?
yes , for some years , it is so much easier to take care of
persona
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
persona II
i'm a yoga instructor.
my mother is dead.
i enjoy being alone.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
dialogue
hey ! i'll try and keep this short . how is it going ?
pretty well . just hanging out at home tonight . how are you ?
i am pretty well . i am hanging out with my wife tonight .
its just me and the snake . my roommate is out for the night .
that must be fun . it is nice to be alone every once in a while
it gives me to study so that i can qualify for my engineering internship next semester .
i remember those days . i'm out of school though , now i teach yoga .
you must be pretty relaxed for that , right ? maybe i should take up yoga .
it is something that i have been doing with my wife since high school
obviously , you must like it . what do you do for fun ?
watch netflix , hang out with friends , go hiking . what about you ?
video games , mostly . i also dream of moving to the desert .
that's interesting . my mother used to love going there before she passed .
i just love the heat . being isolated might be nice , too .
plenty of time to think and figure yourself out .
exactly . the noise and crowds of the city are too much sometimes .
persona
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love non gmo foods.
i love cold weather.
persona II
i m dissatisfied with the school life i ve had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i worry about money even though i m in high school.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
dialogue
hi how are you today
very well thanks , just relaxing at home .
i have homework but am to worried to do it
you can do it ! it will help you get a good job .
i stress about money to much
me too , i work two jobs .
i'm only in 10th grade and i hate school and am always in trouble
try harder . i'm a cashier because i did poorly in school .
i'll my dad just has these crazy rules he is so strict
tell him to relax and listen to some red hot chilli peppers music !
that band is amazing ! flea is an epic bass player too
he is the best . the music keeps me warm , even in winter .
i wish i could play bass like him
just do well in school , and eat organic .
persona
i live walking distance from work.
i work in finance.
i rent an apartment.
i do not like coffee.
i enjoy playing soccer.
persona II
i enjoy reading.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i am a vegan.
i am a registered nurse.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am fine today . i just walked to work here in pittsburgh . how are you ?
you sound healthy . i'm actually a registered nurse myself .
that is wonderful . yes i'm into sports . i play soccer . how about you ?
well , i'm not much into sports , more of the reading type and a good movie
what have you read lately ? my most recent is waking the spirit . it is fab !
a book on veganism . i turned vegan recently
i see . do you like coffee . many vegans do , but i don't
i read it was not healthy . sometimes i sneak one in when i watch pretty woman though
pretty woman is the favorite move of my husband . where do you live ?
i live in utah . how about you ?
in pittsburgh . i'm a finance officer for a corporation here . my brother lives in utah
i wonder if he's close by . i remember you telling you lived in pittsburgh already . sorry !
he lives near a huge canyon . he always sends such beautiful pics
utah is really beautiful you should let me know when you visit
i take care of a sick husband here when i am not at work . no trips
i sorry to hear that . what else do you do ?
i sing at church and pray . how about you ?
i work a lot , so i do not get to do much else
i see . we rent a little place here , and we are happy . . . hope you are too . good day !
persona
i like to run.
my mother died when i was a child.
cooking is my passion.
my hair is long and blonde.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i want to be in a band someday.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i'm a factory worker.
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how are you today ? i just woke up from a  hr nap . ll
i wish i had that ! but i go for runs every morning at 6am .
so you like to work out ? i wished i had to time
i've been running since i was young , but i'm about to follow up and make breakfast .
wow , impressive ! all i do is work , play my guitar , and sleep .
sounds busy , i do not work , not old enough , when my mom was alive she was a workaholic .
sorry to hear about your mother . how old were you when she past ?
6 , she always admired my long blonde hair . wish she was back . . .
i hear running is good for you . i should try it one day .
it is ! besides the obvious health benefits , it really puts a pep in your step
maybe wouldn't sleep as much that way i can look for a band to join .
yes , well start small , and then go big your going to do great !
thanks for the encouragement i definitely need it .
well , if you can tackle stage fright in your band , running should be easy .
persona
i love to climb.
i am the oldest of 5 children.
i love my parrot , todd.
i ve never been to the beach.
persona II
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
i'm good and you
good . i am on youtube , and i am eating shremp !
wow give me some please
i use bbq sauce , and i'm unsure if you would like that !
i mean that sounds great
my dog , droopy loves them !
wow what a cute name
thanks ! i hate adobe reader !
and why is that then
well , because i think it is to hard to use !
i'm sorry to hear that
oh , it is ok , i just use something else that's easier !
yeah do you have any siblings
i've 2 sisters ! do you ?
i've five freaking siblings
persona
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i love dragons.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
persona II
i'm saving money to buy my first car.
i am taking a year off before i start college.
i live with my parents.
i currently work at mcdonald.
dialogue
saving up to get my first car , you ?
i need a new car after commuting 2 hours a day for years .
this year i will be taking off before i go to college
you better save up for that car before you stop working and leave for college .
fyi , i reside with my mother and father
i've my grandkids living with me and i am only 44
44 ! , i've a job working at the local mcdonalds
me , i et either cheese or chili corn dogs . no hamburgers .
a year off before i go to college will be good
yes time to buy that car . do you draw much ?
100000 so you know , i live with my mom and dad
how do you have that much money yet not enough for a car ? i meant pictures .
persona
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
i try not to think about death.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i am obsessed with filming.
persona II
i have blonde hair.
i love ballet.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
my favorite color is purple.
i like video games.
dialogue
hey whats going on . you play video games ?
haha , well i try ! but none of the fancy stuff . mario kart only !
hah i love video games . i really like ballet to though
love impromptu ballet . i did a recital on the street . made 5 . ha ha !
that is awesome ! ! were you wearing purple ? ? i love purple
nope , ballerina pink . i made my mom tape it for me , to with the other tapes
that is really cool . now you can always watch it
i've over 432 movies i filmed myself ! i'm an artiste
holy moly ! that is a lot . any favorite foods ?
hmm . anything without peanuts . mama says i'm allergic . i do not wanna die yet
yea don't do that . i'm obsessed with mac n cheese ! !
mmmm yum yum honey bun ! that's what i say when i eat my mamas cookin
persona
i believe dragons are real.
i play d and d.
i should beverage been born a prince.
nachos are my favorite food.
persona II
i haven't had luck with finding a job.
its been doing better than i expected.
so i started a small business.
i sell miscellaneous stuff in local fairs.
dialogue
how was your day today ?
it was great . i played d and d all day . yours ?
well i was not successful in finding a job so i start a business , so productive lol
what kind of business ? wish i was born a prince , i wouldn't have to work .
do not we all . i sell random things in local fairs
i love fairs ! they have my favorite food , nachos !
haha they're yummy , and i am lucky its been better than expected
do they have dragons at fairs ? i believe they're real , not fictitious .
i'm sure they were real at one time , know they exist in only fairytales
that could be true . would be cool if they were pets .
the best , until they burn your house down ahahah
that would be horrific !
persona
i enjoy playing tennis.
i have a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i was born completely deaf.
persona II
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
my passion is in programming.
i go to bed pretty late.
dialogue
my best friend just came out of the closet !
is it a boy or a girl ?
girl . i thought she liked my sister . i was right
what do you do for a living ?
work for the man . i'll own my own one day
i wish i had my own business
programming is where i will make my mark .
do you have any hobbies ?
staying up late . is that a hobby ?
i guess that would count
well then , i enjoy long walks . . . and staying up late
do you have any pets ?
no pets . may get a snake ?
those are so alary to have
persona
we have two pets as well.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
i'm thirty years old.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i work as a barista.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my favorite color is orange.
i have a cat named jasper.
dialogue
i just love flowers , especially roses . how about you ?
they're quite nice , my husband buys them for me .
do you have animals ?
i have two pets , one cat and one dog .
my cats name is jasper , he's so cute !
mine is fred . its a zoo around here i stay home with my kids .
i am a barista at joe jacks coffee shop
my job is my kids , but i take them alot on nature walks .
i like nature , i'm vegan so i feel close to nature
keeps you young ? i'm 30 .
i'm 40 and i love the color orange
i prefer teal , i have so much in that color .
that's why i love fall , because its orange everywhere
and i prefer summer , no pumpkin spice lattes for me .
persona
my favorite color is red.
i love to dance.
i work at a coffee shop.
my mom was a hairdresser.
persona II
i'm an artist.
i love nighttime.
i've a cat named charlie.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am good and you
doing good nighttime is my favorite time
where do you work at
i do artwork at home and sell it . and you ?
i like to dance do you
i used to years ago .
why did you stop then
just got older and not as agile
oh you can do some slow dancing
yes that's true . my cat charlie and i could dance lol
is charlie a fat cat then
somewhat lol he sits when i draw and watches me
nice you can dance with a fat cat
he is about 2 years old
that sounds good for the cat
persona
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
i'm very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i enjoy playing video games.
persona II
i'm a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
dialogue
hi there ! hows your day ? i just finished work at the zoo
my day is good got up late and played on my box .
what game ? i love video games . i wish i had time for them
call of duty black ops 3 . i just found it , love new things
that is cool . my wife and i train new animals every day
what kinds , i love to learn ?
all kinds . mostly reptiles , but i have trained 30 animals in my career
cool , since you train animals do you still eat meat ?
my wife is in breast cancer remission so we eat plant based diets .
oh cool . i love fried chick and chocolate cake so that would be hard
its hard ! my valedictorian daughter helps keep us on track . she is responsible !
that's cool my older sister was valedictorian . i'm the baby .
ah , how many siblings do you have ?
5
persona
i am a stay at home mom.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
i do not have much energy.
i watch a lot of movies.
persona II
i like bagels with everything on them.
i like to run.
i like to make cookies.
my favorite drink is coke.
dialogue
hi how are you today
how are you doing today
pretty good thank and you ?
i am doing good thank you for asking
what do you do for fun
i play sports and take my kids to the park
nice what do you like to drink
i don't really drink any more but i use to drink jack
i love coke its gret with jack too
yes it is but i like pepsi better
do you ever go running ?
yes i like to stay in shape
me too running is the best
i love extricess i'm 33 but look 17 everyone says
noah gimme some of those genes
lol thanks how old are u
persona
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
my house is paid for.
i wear a uniform to work.
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i've trouble losing weight.
i don't cook and usually eat out.
i am near sighted and wear contact lenses.
i'm a very short woman.
i love animals.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am well how are you doing ?
i love dogs and cats and have a cat named radar
cool , i'm so happy i own my house !
i eat out so much cuz i do not care for cooking
whats your favorite color ? mine blue an i ike to draw
i like to draw . i wear contact lenses so i can see better
cool , i like to draw in my free time
i love to eat but it makes it hard to lose weight
i got a 4 wheel i whip alot also
i'm so short i've a hard time getting up into a 4 wheel drive
how short is short ? i like painting
persona
my dad was a preacher.
i did not finish college.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my mother was a school music teacher.
persona II
i like to play outside.
i'm a girl.
i'm in preschool.
i like to dance.
dialogue
hello my mommie let me play on her computer
how old are you ? you sound young
i am 5 years old
what tv shows are you liking ?
i like dino dan and i like sesame street
who is your favorite character ?
i like big bird and bert
are you a boy or girl ?
i'm a female and i'm smart for my age
when do you start school ?
i started school last month
how are you liking it ?
it is good . i go outside and play and dance a lot
what is your teachers name ?
persona
i do not like when people get too close to me.
i've a shopping addiction.
i think about food a lot.
i love the forest.
persona II
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i'm getting married.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
dialogue
hi , there i'm john . how are you doing today ?
hey whats for dinner ? sorry food is literally all i think about haha
i am happy with anything . as long as there is not a long wait !
right ? i am addicted to shopping and at the mall the lines suck ! !
absolutely , last time i was in a mall was for senior prom photos !
wow . where are you from ?
canada , but i wish i could just tour the world with justin bieber . you ?
haha you love justin bieber huh ? i am in the states . canada would be cool
who does not ? so , do you have a spouse ? kids ?
no . neither . i do not like getting close to anyone so . . .
gotcha . my sister wants me to find someone , have a family . but i'm only 22 !
yeathats young . live a little first . you like the outdoors ?
persona
i m a graphic designer.
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
my inspiration is clasical music.
persona II
i like playing badminton.
my family owns a dairy farm.
i don t really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
i am not very good at playing basketball.
dialogue
hi there how are you doing
i am well . i am just working on my freelance design work .
i'm the son of a dairy farmer
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks
honestly badminton is my passion but the careers are very limited
you could become famous with that . i hope to be a famous animator .
do you like vegetables and fruit ? i hate them
i don't have a preference . what do you like to eat ?
mostly cake , i just pretend to like the healthy stuff
i eat cake as i do my graphic design work .
i love playing basketball but my game needs work
basketball is a smooth dance similar to my inspiration ; classical music .
do you want to have a career in music ?
it is only my inspiration for my freelance design work that i started recently .
do you play any sports ?
i don't play any sports . can you tell me more about sports you play ?
persona
i live in new york city.
i've a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
persona II
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
i've been in 2 car crashes in my life.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
food and water are essential to me in life.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
in the city of n y is where i live and you ?
i am in school in florida getting my degree .
i am fine , do you have pets , poodle is what i've nanette is tts name
no pets . i'm too busy with sports . do you play any sports ?
what is your degree , do you like jazz ? i like it smooth .
i like watching tv mostly not really into music .
i do body building , where do you work , wall street is where i work
i don't work . i was in two car crashes so i cannot work
working in the stock market is the best , suits and ties makes me feel good
i think food and water are the best . you cannot live without them .
are you ok ? do you feel fine now ?
persona
i m an out of work farmhand.
i live in kansas.
i like watching reality television shows.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.
persona II
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
i've blue eyes.
dialogue
hi it is a lovely rainy day , great for fishing .
the weather is nice in my city , out looking for a job
i had a job since i was 14 , since my dad passed at 2
i been working at the farm since a little kid but it just foreclosed
oh that's awful . do you have a favorite season ? mine is spring
i love the fall , all the beautiful colors
i do agree with you , in fact i'd be inclined to agree any other day lol
cool . do you have any hobbies ?
fishing . do you have any ?
reality tv . those people are entertaining
most tv reality stars have eyes in the shade of blue .
do you have blue eyes ?
yeah , but i would not cash me outside those tv reality things .
lol absolutely not . love and hip hop or housewives makes it hard for reality tv
persona
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i believe in aliens.
persona II
i'm in high school.
i sleep a lot.
i cs and ds.
i love sweets.
i love bruno mars.
dialogue
hey there how are you today ?
great ! having a hard time making decisions , you ?
uh oh that sucks . i am good . stil in high school . grades are slippin
okay , glad i am not the only one struggling .
yea i've got cs and ds currently
when life gets me down , i watch the stars , clears my mind
that is cool . i have a serious sweet tooth lol so that helps me
lol that is what i was deciding between , lollipops or rainbow candies
haha yea i love cookies . i sleep way to much to . you like music ?
i do , but don't get a chance to listen to it much
i am obsessed with bruno mars . he's got a killer voice
he does , whats your favorite song ?
persona
my mother was a single mother.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
i m the oldest of three boys.
i work at the pizza parlor.
persona II
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i work some very odd jobs.
i enjoy going on hikes.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
well . pull up a seat , sit on the floor , tell me about yourself .
well , i was born right under a moon !
i grew up in chicago . where do you live now ?
well , i live in the mountains ! i enjoy hiking !
my mom was single with 3 boys , so we never left the projects .
well , i've never left the us , and i work odd jobs !
i make some of the best pizza in chicago . do you like pizza ?
i do love pizza ! what is your restaurant called ?
pizzeria due , have you heard of it ?
no , how long has it been open ?
i'm not sure . it has been here as long as i can remember .
when did you take it over ?
i just work there as head cook , i do not own or run it . . . yet ! ; d
do you want to run it ?
i would . i love the pizza !
persona
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i have a pet snake.
persona II
i play the piano.
i hate flowers.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i make my own clothes.
dialogue
hello ? anyone out there tonight ?
sure , i am here and so is my pet snake . how are you doing ?
doing great . hey , you wo not believe who i ran into the other day .
who did you run into ? elvis , by chance ?
jimmy fallon . he was at a bar i went to .
that is awesome ! i love jimmy fallon .
yeah , he's pretty funny .
he's hilarious , but so is my online game character . haha
not as great as johnny carson , but he is still pretty good .
i have to agree . carson is a legend .
indeed . so what do you do for enjoyment ? hobbies ?
i love video games and believe it or not , i'm famous as a character .
interesting . what character is that ?
i play a nun with the name of curvy turvy . do not ask !
persona
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i am a baseball player.
i am married and have three kids.
i went to miami university.
persona II
i am an international business man.
i never went to school.
i never met my parents.
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
dialogue
good day . how are you doing ?
i am fine . how are you ?
currently working internationally on some business . pretty nice having a wonderful job , and no schooling .
oh ! that does sounds interesting . i love traveling with my family .
that's wonderful . i currently know over 300 languages from constant travel . how about you ?
well i can't speak that many . i enjoy playing basketball . how about you ?
never met my parents so i am not much for sports as most men are .
well me and the wife and kids love traveling in my spare time .
that is nice . what would you say your most outstanding characteristic or talent is ?
i'm an people person and love the game . how bout you ?
guess all the languages i know would be something to brag about . any kids ?
yes i'd be . yes i have three . how about you ?
nope not yet . hope to settle down one day , but the business life has me now .
you will get there one day . whats most important to you right now ?
trying to track down my parents so i can one day meet them . you ?
oh good luck to you . my kids of course . where did you grow up ?
all over the place . you ?
miami in the sun type of fun
persona
i joined a new team last month.
i'm a soccer player.
my number is 42.
i'm a goalie.
nike cleats are my favorite.
persona II
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i live in chicago.
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
dialogue
hi ! i am from chicago , nice to meet you !
it is nice to meet you too . i play soccer goalie .
nice ! ! ! i only play quake . i play it on my slackware linux system !
i wear the number 42 and was accepted to the team last month .
very cool ! ! ! both my moms were so proud when i did sports as a kid !
cool . what sports did you play ?
i played baseball ! they still tell me they love me every time i call them !
my favorite shoes are nike cleats . what is your favorite shoe ?
i just buy whatever i can afford . i've adidas at the moment .
i've had my saucony shoes for nearly a year .
that's a long time for one pair of shoes ! !
it helps to reduce the distances and days you walk .
that's true ! ! quake is the only game that makes me happy nowadays ! ! ! !
what do you mean by quake ?
persona
i am a secretary.
my favorite color is orange.
i like tacos.
i enjoy swimming.
i have 3 cats.
persona II
i like cars.
favorite color is green.
i like to travel.
i got a new job.
i like cats.
dialogue
if you could visit any other country , which would you choose ?
i have always wanted to visit australia .
good choice ! i love to travel and wish i could more
yes , i would love to swim at the beach .
i've heard its super nice , is swimming a favorite hobby then ?
one of my favorite , but do not have alot of time for .
i understand that completely , i've a new job so i am working all the time
my secretary job keeps me pretty busy too .
i can imagine , do you like being a secretary ?
the work itself is a little mundane , but i love the company i work for .
that's a good reason to stay there then !
i just adopted a kitten and one of my 2 cats is not happy .
i've cats too ! they get so jealous when a new member comes
all 3 are orange tabby which happens to be my favorite color .
persona
i'm in high school.
i love bruno mars.
i love sweets.
i cs and ds.
i sleep a lot.
persona II
i love to hunt.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
my favorite color is blue.
i grew up in the deep south.
my mother was a piano teacher.
dialogue
i heard of this new mexican restaurant . want to go ?
not tonight . i have homework
i did my homework quick so i can go hunting .
i've to do more cuz i am not getting good grades . what are yo doing now ?
nothing much . my mom wants me to take up piano she taught piano when i was a kid .
can you play bruno mars ? i luv him ! ! ! !
no , i would rather pluck a bird than piano keys !
good one ! i would rather sleep than do my homework .
where are you from ? deep south for me .
northeast for me . we have the best bakeries here !
i love baked goods . that and mexican food . hate seafood , though .
anything sweet is good by me !
blueberry pie ? i like things that are blue , even when they are purplish like blueberries .
sure . the sweeter the better . even purple things .
blue is best , though . i always go for blue whenever i can .
got it . like blue nerds .
persona
i have three sisters.
i live in a studio apartment.
i'm a paramedic.
my favorite band is the beatles.
persona II
my least favorite music is country.
i've long flowing hair.
i drive a ford truck.
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
i'm nearly of tall.
dialogue
hi my type of music is country ! how about you ?
hi ! definitely the beatles best band ever !
couldn't less agree ! glad to here !
ok . what do you do ?
i drive a food truck at the moment . hopefully i find a better job . dear lord .
i hope you do too ! i'm in the medical field paramedic .
nice ! now that's a job to have !
its pretty good . my 3 sisters are also paramedics .
lucky ! i'm almost 6 ft tall . i don't know if that would be a job for me .
well , that must be uncomfortable in a food truck all day !
it is ! being 6 ft tall is not helping either .
what hobbies do you have ? what do you do for fun ?
persona
i'm smart too.
i am short.
i like reading.
i'm also round.
persona II
i work at a hospital.
i like toyota cars.
i like to vote.
i don't like working long hours.
dialogue
hi . i'm so tired . i work long hours at the hospital . do you work ?
yes , i'm working at a departmental store .
do you drive ? i love my toyota . i love driving home , but not to work .
no , i don't have any car . but i like to ride to my cycle .
i ride my bike to vote . i vote for everything !
that's great ! do you like animals ?
yes , but do not have any . do you have any animals ?
yes , i've 3 cats and they are so adorable
i bet . are you married ? do you have kids ?
sorry not married and of course do not have kids
same here . all work and no play ! what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to read books , play guitar and also playing video games
persona
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i want a porsche.
persona II
i really like watching star trek.
i work for the railroad.
i am an omnivore.
i like eating pretzels.
my favorite band is vv nation.
dialogue
are you into star track movies ?
my older sister is . . . my mom says i am too young to watch
i'm a big fan of star trek movies
not me . . . i just like watching the stars at night as i cuddle with my pet poodle
i see the stars overnight when i work on the railroad
it must be exciting on the train . . . is it fast ? . . . i love fast cars ! ! !
i love to listening to vv band well driving fast cars and eating pretzels
when i turn 16 a want a porsche like you . . . cookies will do for now
cookies are your favorite food ?
very much so . . . i just wish i were taller so i could reach the jar !
i am more of an omnivore when it comes to food . wish i was taller too .
well besides cookies that everyone loves , what food is your favorite ?
persona
i love art.
my husband in an engineer.
i've a severe anxiety disorder.
i am a stay at home mom.
persona II
i play quarterback.
this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
last season i was just getting started.
dialogue
hello , my name is carson wentz
hello there , my name is susan
i am a quarter back for the philadelphia eagles .
i've never heard of you but i don't watch much football .
well you should . last year was my rookie year .
watching football , basketball , and other sports makes me nervous to be honest .
sucks for you . this year i plan on making it to the playoffs .
well , good luck with that , my husband is an engineer .
that's cool . this is only my second year in the league .
what else do you like to do ?
hunt in north dakota mostly .
never been there , it seems like a scary state . i prefer museums and art .
i do not hate on museums and art , just more of a country boy i guess
i have never traveled much , i spend most of my time in new york .
do you not like traveling ?
well , i would like to , but i don't have time for it .
persona
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
since my dog died i am incomplete.
i am a mom with two sons and a husband.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i live in a house with a yard.
persona II
i like to drink green tea.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
dialogue
what time you go to work ?
i'm off tomorrow because the power is not back on from the hurricane hitting .
what did you have for dinner ?
we had fried chicken we picked up and brought to our home .
how is the weather now ?
good . sat out in the yard and had dinner with my husband and two boys .
what do you do for fun ?
i do art . mostly clay work i do with my hands .
do you have any pets ?
i had a dog but it passed away . feel incomplete at times .
are you married , with children ?
yes , i've two boys as well .
ok do you like sports ?
yes , love football ! i follow the buds .
what is your favorite team ?
the buds . i also follow miami and jacksonville .
persona
i love sunny days.
i can tell right away if i am going to like someone.
coffee is important to me.
i don't like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i love winning.
persona II
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i've been married five times.
dialogue
maybe i should get another wife ?
i do not know , is coffee important to you ? it is me ?
it would be my sixth . yeah , i won a bar , so coffee is a must .
i really enjoy winning ! you won a bar ! wow
a poker game . owner lost on a bluff , what an idiot .
i think i like you , i can usually tell right away if i like or hate someone
of course i am likable . i am a millionaire . i own a downtown chicago bar . ha .
you must feel obligated to hang out with people then ? i'd not like that
i don't care . i'm rich . i want a wife . how about you ?
but i love money and sunny days so here is your new wife !
look at that , baby . i will buy you a hat .
and coffee ? coffee is very important to me !
sure . enough coffee to fill the bathtub for you .
great i love to win ! !
persona
i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i have always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i like the color blue or red.
persona II
i've a cat named seven of nine.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i work at a coffee house.
dialogue
hi . my favorite show is dancing with the stars
well that's cool . lol i love being in the country but visit the city occassionally
nice . i sing broadway show tunes
haha that is funny . you any good ?
i like to think so
that's awesome . you have any pets ?
a couple dogs and a cat
cool . i've got a pitt bull and i also have an english bulldog
nice , dogs are good pets
they're amazing pets . whats your fav color
i like purple the best
blue and red are mine . its hard to pick one lol
persona
i am single and not looking.
my favorite subject in school was science.
pizza is my favorite food.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
persona II
i own a boat.
i live alone in a cabin.
i'm a 70 year old man.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight ?
hey , i'm doing pretty well , you ?
got some achy joints but other than that cannot complain .
ah that's a bummer , do you have any big plans for the night ?
gonna fix me up some beans and rice and probably listen to sinatra .
sounds relaxing . i'll probably order a pizza and read a suspense novel
you like stephen king novels ? or more john gresham ?
more stephen king , so many classics . do you like to read ?
not much of reader but i heard those authors were good .
what do you prefer to do in your spare time ?
i like to go fishing on my private lake . its pretty relaxing
fun ! i am very jealous ! do you work ?
nope . retired 20 years ago . just enjoying my life now .
ah i don't work either , i'm still in school , majoring in science
enjoy it while you can ! try to meet people and settle down if possible
i'll , but just got out of a long relationship , not ready to date again yet !
persona
i like going barefoot.
my sister is a guitarist.
i can knit.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
persona II
my hair is brown.
i have one cat.
i'm not thin.
i like to sew.
dialogue
what color is your hair ?
blonde . and you ? do you like being barefooted ?
i've brown hair and like being barefoot . do you have cats ? i've one .
ooo , i love cats . i've one named zoe . do you have a hobby ?
i love to sew ! do you have any hobbies ?
mine is knitting . oh , and i love reading . jane austen is my favorite author .
i love reading too but i need to move more to lose weight . ha !
do you have brothers or sisters ? my sister plays the guitar .
i've two brothers . one plays the sax .
do you have a favorite book ? mine is pride and prejudice .
firestarter by stephen king is my fave . do you like country music ?
no , sorry . i like more classical . but stephen king is fun to read !
i used to play the clarinet so i like classical music too .
i'm not musical at all . but i do like helping people with their homework .
persona
the idea of working isn't my cup of tea.
i like to live off of the land.
my parents were like this as well.
i am all about family and fun.
i'm a free spirit.
persona II
i drive a prius.
we own our home.
my wife stays home with our kids.
i work for a large law firm.
dialogue
what is your favorite car ? mine is prius and i drive one !
i actually do not even own a car . i am too free spirited for that
i live in my own home and you ?
i live in a commune with my family
how do you get around ? do you have family ?
almost everything i need is located in an area where i can walk around
my car is too small , that's why my wife is at home with the kids .
oh i am so sorry to hear about that . i love my family
my car is too small , that is why my wife is at home with the kids .
i love my family . it is awful that they cannot fit in your car
do you have a big family ? i am a lawyer
yes i do . but no kids of my own yet .
ha ha , but my firm is big though , small car big company
ah do you like your job ? i don't work
persona
i still like unicorns even though i am an adult.
i'm excellent at playing pool.
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
i want to write a book before i die.
i teach middle school art.
persona II
my parents live across the street from me.
i'm in grad school.
i work in a coffee shop.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing well , what would you like to do before you die ?
probably have more coffee ha
haha , i would like to write a book . i would need a lot of coffee for that .
i work at a coffee place i can help
that's perfect . i'm a little weird though . i really like unicorns .
where do your parents live ?
they live in the same town as i teach middle school in , chicago .
mine literally live across the road
that's always nice . anywhere you would like to go visit ?
them across the street i suppose
haha , got any hobbies you are good at ?
just being an amazing barista
that's cool . i am good at playing pool , and teaching art .
persona
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i have six older sisters.
i love walking in the park.
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i work for a large company.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i like to eat food.
i listen to rock music.
dialogue
hello and how are you today ?
i am well just hanging out watching tv . you ?
listening to music , not working today ?
nah i am not on the schedule for a couple days . you ?
working , waiting for lunch , i love to eat .
me too . i might crack open a cold one here in minute . what are you listening to ?
lukas graham , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
sounds like a country singer . i like to eat chocolate . any hobbies ?
i love mostly anything . swimming i'd say first love .
cool i like walking in the park . i love it actually
hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream
are you a daydream believer ?
yep , want to win the lottery , doesn't everybody ?
yeah . i like sports betting . try not to have bias though
sounds like you keep busy .
i do . i try to . it keeps my mind active .
persona
i married my high school sweetheart.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i love to go shopping.
i teach first grade.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
persona II
i love her though.
i do not think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
currently , i am saving up to get some procedures done.
dialogue
man i am having a rough day today .
why , whats happening ? can it be worse than a morning herding 1st graders in fire drill ?
just not happy . my girlfriend never understands me .
sorry to hear that ! what happened ? i am married to same guy since hs , bring drama ! !
well i want to go clubbing , and dress up and she hates it .
hang on , let me get more ice tea . you are a dude dressing as a woman ? ?
haha , no wear nice clothes .
i loooooove shopping , cannot get why that would be a problem . nice clothes good !
she only wears jeans and a t shirt , that gets old ,
oooh , idea ! spill something on her clothes so she will have to buy new nicer ones !
she would probably just dig out a pair of my old clothes .
for my first graders , they only dress nice on picture day . schedule photo shoots ?
persona
my back hurts chronically.
i am an old soul.
i tend to work myself up.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
i just want my voice to be heard.
persona II
i love to shop.
i drive a bmw.
i have a lot of friends.
i am in debt.
i'm single.
dialogue
hello ! i am anne ! nice to meet you !
hey anne . how are you this fine night ? my back hurts .
i am sorry to hear that . i am doing great !
good for you . i get worked up about so much !
that's not healthy . i find shopping relieves my stress
i love to shop ! i really wish i lived in the 30s .
tooth , but the car trunks were so small ! not that my seemers that big . . .
that's true ! and society did not allow for women to have opinions .
true . but i bet women then could not rack up as much debt as i can now !
that is so true ! good thing we live now , right ! ll
exactly ! ll and being single at my age would be a scandal !
i'd loose sleep !
persona
i also like to mountain bike.
i love to hike.
i've visited 12 national parks in the us.
i am an environmental activist.
i live in vermont.
persona II
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i'm an actor.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
now i'm a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
dialogue
hello ! do you watch telenovela shows ?
hi what is telenovela shows ?
it is a spanish soap opera .
i don't know to much spanish but i love soap opera
i learned spanish by doing commercials . i am an actress .
how long have you been an actress ?
i started when i was ten . so , almost 15 years .
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i go to spas and hang out with my dog .
i love to go shopping and play video games go out to the movies
i am an actress , so i do not care for movies .
where were you born and raised growing up ?
i am an ohio native ! what about you ?
i am from newyork what are some fun things to do in ohio ?
the rock and roll hall of fame , hike , sports , cedar point , etc
that is nice the rock and roll hall of fame sounds like fun
persona
i like reading horror novels.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
persona II
i am not thin.
i like to sew.
i have one cat.
i am short.
my hair is brown.
dialogue
hey you ! what did you do today ?
i drink pepsi as i look down on you .
oh you sound mean . i am fat too
i eat hot dogs as i read horror novels .
do you sew or crochet ? i do
i listen to trap rap while i watch birds on the weekends .
you sound interesting . what do you look like ?
what is your gender ? i look like an ugly super model .
haha i'm a girl . short , fat , with brown hair
i love short fat girls .
we would get along then ! tell me you love cats too
cats are cool , but i like them to stay away from my chinchilla .
aw my cat would love your chinchilla . they can cuddle
it is good you have brown hair . short , fat , blonde girls are less than .
you would think i'm really hot then
probably , but i guess i will never know .
persona
i love to recycle.
i am a hippie.
i have curly , red hair.
i have two tattoos.
i drive a large , blue van.
persona II
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i love riding roller coasters.
i am training to be a welder.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing all good how you
good just finished my training last week to become a welder .
that's awesome and i'm really excited
why are you really excited ?
recycling the stuffs we have here
cool . what is your favorite thing to do ? mine is riding roller coasters .
driving my huge van it is blue
cool . do you have a dad ? mine left when i was 5 .
i do i actually followed his tattoo i have two
that's great ! i'm going to start an internship soon , at a construction site .
the red hair i got it too but i don't like the curly
curly hair can be a pain !
yes ; i stand to be a hippie
lol well everyone has to be something !
how about you ? what else you do for fun
persona
i am almost 7 feet tall.
i'm not a basketball player though.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
i would like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
persona II
i'm an actress and i work at a grocery store.
i take great care of my skin.
i never cook.
i like to dress up for other people.
i think i'll be famous one day.
dialogue
hey how are you , what do you do for a living ?
i work for ibm in the windy city . where do you work ?
i am self employed but i want to be a famous actor singer
everyone says i could be a famous basketball player , i am 6 10
right , i love the arts music just want to share my gift
what kind of music would you create ? i love the rolling stones .
i grew up doing gospel , but i play rb , jazz , oldie pop
if i was famous i'd retire to hawaii , but i have to wait a bit .
haha that sounds awesome , it would be a dream come true !
definitely ! do you have any other hobbies ?
not really , i just love music singing acting
you must be creative , people like you do well in my field at ibm .
thanks , you think so ?
oh yeah . you would be able to retire young .
persona
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
since young i've loved fashion.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
persona II
i sing in the shower.
i also own a cupcake business.
i am always late.
i work in a diner.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
pretty good as the new coco chanel pantsuit just came out .
oh ? i take it you are into fashion ?
since i was born ! love it . moved to ny to learn more .
cool . i don't know a lick about fashion .
well when i need some inspiration i go clothes shopping !
i would rather cook and bake than clothes shop .
mmm . i love food . what do you cook ?
the usual stuff , but baking is the best . i own a cupcake business .
mmmm . what is your best seller ?
my peanut butter and bacon cupcakes sell the best .
oh wow . sounds interesting . i'd like peanut butter and chocolate .
it is interesting , but sometimes you need to think outside of the box .
i agree . hopefully i will be a famous designer soon .
persona
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i am vegan.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
persona II
i like to mountain bike.
i like to drink tea.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to draw other people.
dialogue
hi , mountain bike is my favorite sport
sounds like good exercise . in the country or city trails ?
i hope you have a good sense of humor .
of course . there is not much room here for country style sports .
the country is where i am now , do you draw ?
no , i am a clerk at a grocery store . i do sometimes work on an urban farm .
yeah , you are right . i do drawings of people on the streets walking .
do you think you could tell by looking at someone what they eat ?
do you like tea ? i love it .
i love tea . i went vegan only a year ago . i love veggies and fruit .
tell what ? let me know what you mean by that ?
like do they eat animals or plants ? i thought i would start people watching at the store .
you sound like you are very healthy
i try to be . i also do some tours at the farm where i volunteer .
people watching ? that's a hobby that you enjoy ?
i'm trying to become more aware of my environment .
persona
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i am recently divorced.
i work as a mall cop.
i am trying to write an ebook on animals.
persona II
i go to bed pretty late.
my passion is in programming.
i am in school to be a computer engineer.
my best friend is gay.
one day i hope to own my own company.
dialogue
hey you . what is going on ?
hello , do you like corvettes as much as i do ?
they're okay . i am much more passionate about computer programming
i make hot dogs for a living .
yummy . i love hot dogs . i bet that is a fun job
that is funny , i don't get along with my wife
that is so unfortunate . i am sorry
the divorce wasn't so bad
sometimes it is for the best .
i really like dogs better anyway
my gay best friend would rather have a dog too
they're the best , did i tell you i'm a cop at the mall ?
no but that sounds like an interesting job
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
ew ! so strange . i eat a lot of taco bell as a student
i am documenting how i found them in an ebook
persona
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i'm a vegan.
i m a student.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
persona II
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
i hit for over forty million dollars.
one day i played the lottery.
i'll never punch a clock again.
dialogue
i m so glad to be done with the  5 life
hey there , ever ate vegan food ?
no i haven t but it s something i just been able to afford regularly
i agree me too , i visit museums in my spare time
that s great ! what are your thoughts on working 9 5 ?
i don't get what you meant far as that but okay , that is how i eat .
have you every tried your luck with the lottery ?
no i wouldn't mind trying it out though , you ?
yes actually i recently hit the jackpot and i m loving life , you should try it !
i figured you did that's really cool
my goal of never clocking in again came so unexpectedly ! how s your life ?
my life is great i want to be a teacher
that s a very rewarding career field i heard . what interests you about it ?
so what do you do all day now ? kindergarten children are awesome love them
persona
my father is a preacher.
i have a horse named beauty.
i live in a house in the country.
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i'm pregnant with my first child.
persona II
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like cats.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like being weird.
i like to watch anime.
dialogue
hey . how are you doing this fine day ?
good . just got back from a ride on beauty . . . she's my horse
sounds fun is it a pony ? all i got is cats to play with .
clydesdale actually . . . ooh i love cats . names ?
my little . trying to watch the dragon ball z .
my husband likes that show . said he picked it up when he was over seas
over seas sounds nice . you must miss him . my cat is nice .
the army does take him away from me a lot
does the army let you have a cat ?
not in the barracks , but we live off base
how many horses you have and that is good
just the one . . . last ride on her today though
sounds fun . this dragon ball z is amazing .
watching it with your cats ? do they like goku ?
my cats is amazing and do you have any ? goku is great .
no cats . . . have a dog and a couple of chickens
persona
winters my favorite time of the year.
i am deathly terrified of heights.
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
persona II
i like to bake for them.
i live in a retirement home.
i'm an old woman.
my grandsons favorite type of cake is chocolate.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
hi , i'm doing well and you ?
not too bad . i'm waiting for my chocolate cake to finish baking .
ooh , i love chocolate cake
so does my grandson ! i really enjoy baking . what do you like to do ?
i love watching game of thrones . i am excited to see who will be on the iron throne
i can never understand that show . i must be too old for it .
its just mostly paying attention to what the characters say .
i would rather watch days of our lives . now , that is the drama i like .
i've never seen days of our lives
if you like game of thrones , i doubt you'll enjoy a soap opera .
oh no , i love soap operas . especially telenovelas
persona
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i have no parents or siblings.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i'm incredibly smart.
persona II
i look down on people who did not.
i eat out more than three times a week.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i believe the rich shouldn't be taxed as much.
i work in finance.
dialogue
hello there , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . and you ?
i'm doing awesome ! i had breakfast at a great restaurant .
oh , what did you eat ?
chicken and waffles with ambrosia
the chicken and waffles sound good .
very . i am in finance , what do you do ?
i work in education .
nice ! i went to an ivy league school , where did you go ?
just a local one in state .
ah . okay . are you active in politics ?
no , i really have not gotten into politics
persona
i want to climb mount everest.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
i've shot a lion.
i like to play with clay models.
i'm not a good artist.
persona II
i am a great baker.
i like to hunt for my food.
i've few friends.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i like to sew.
dialogue
i make better chocolate cake than they serve at mar a ago i bet !
i bet the lion i shot would love your cake !
i'm a hunter and i seriously doubt you shot a lion or that it eats cake !
well it doesn't anymore that is for sure .
i only hunt to eat not for trophies . why you kill a lion ?
i like to do great things like climb mount everest
only rich people climb mount everest . how is that great ?
great and terrible things , only fit people climb everest .
whatever . i would much rather stay at home and make fur coats from rabbits i kill
cool ! . you should make one out of lion .
lion fur is rough . and it stinks . you do not sew much do you ?
no i'm not a very good artist
persona
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i love watching old movies.
i am a yoga instructor.
i've two adopted kids.
persona II
i believe dragons are real.
i play d and d.
i hate talking to people.
nachos are my favorite food.
i should beverage been born a prince.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing
hi ! i'm great , thanks for asking ! and you ?
i am great . i just need to get through my game
oh , cool , what game are you playing ?
dungeons and dragons . i wish i could live in the game .
awesome ! my favorite thing to do is watch old movies , i think they played that in one .
that sounds nice . what movies do you like ?
i like all kinds ! what do you do for a living ?
i work on video games
oh , neat ! yoga instructor here . my wife is a diesel mechanic .
that sounds very interesting . do you like it ?
i do . i want to visit quebec , canada in the future with our savings .
i want to visit another world
i . . am not sure if you can do that ? do you have any kids ?
no i do not in this world
i've two , they're adopted . do you have any in another world ?
persona
my mom is a nurse.
i've three tattoos.
i work at a bookstore.
i never knew my dad.
persona II
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
i love to read.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing pretty ok
what do you do for a living ?
i work at bookstore how about you
i work for a greeting card company .
what do you do there
i proof read cards . do you have any hobbies ?
yes i read books
do you like movies ? my favorite is goodfellas .
yes i watch movies
i like to read in my spare time .
yes i like that since i work in a book store
do you enjoy watching sports ?
yes very much i love sports
persona
i don t like trying new things.
i want to be alone sometimes.
i like the library.
i don t trust anyone.
i feel competitive against other women.
persona II
my name is omar.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
i'm the youngest of three brothers.
dialogue
hello . i'm omar . how are you ?
i'm okay , just came back from the library .
cool . where do you live ? i'm on a small farm in ohio .
small world , i'm in ohio as well .
cool ! do you have any siblings ?
i don't , good thing as i prefer to be alone , i don't trust others .
oh . i have three brothers and i'm the youngest .
i would not like that at all . i do not like change .
do you play any musical instruments ?
no , i do not . i do not like music very much .
oh . i am in a local band and i play the guitar .
my main competition is other women , they think they are better than i am .
that sucks . i'm sorry you are going through that .
it is okay , the librarian is the worst though
yes . they're always feisty .
they sure are , do you like librarians ?
persona
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i chew my nails.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
persona II
i need a soda with me at all times.
i like the group the rolling stones.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i do not eat healthy.
dialogue
whats going on , have a good day ?
i was studying but now i'm just chewing my nails , such a nasty habit !
yes that's a bad habit . i have to have soda all the time . that's bad to
what do you do for a living ?
i am a restaurant owner . my diet is horrid lol i eat junk all day
i am studying to be a teacher . special education . i love twinkies !
oh that's awesome ! my sister is a teacher . whats your fav band ?
american psychos , they're a local punk band and i see them often .
oh sweet ! i love pop punk . i am obsessed with the rolling stones though
you'd love american psychos then . i also like classic rock .
i will have to check them out . do you like a day to remember ? ?
i know them ! from florida , right ? punk was my outlet as a navy brat .
yea they are from fl . i am in a band called broken city sky . check us out !
so cool , i'll . american psychos are from texas and my good friends .
persona
i like to ride my bike.
i have beard that is longer.
i am a younger guy.
i own a dog that's small.
i like to play football.
persona II
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
dialogue
hi , hello , how are you ?
hi there . i am just combing my beard
sick ! you condition ? gotta keep soft
yep . ride my bike to the store to get special conditioner every week .
i learned about that while i was training over 20 different animals . what kind of bike ?
a mountain bike . i like to get the miles in while i am younger .
that's cool . i got a single speed i like to cruise around when its not 100 degrees
i've a basket i bring my little dog along in .
ah shoots . whats its name ? i am picturing a et type of move
that's right . her name is button . there's even room for a football . i love to play .
i love my wife , i work with her . is that because she's cute as a button ?
yes . she's got big black eyes that look like buttons too .
adorable . tell me more about yourself
i am a hipster with too much time in my hands .
persona
i live near a park.
i don't have a car.
i do not have any children.
i listen to podcasts.
persona II
i like to go to the opera.
i enjoy classical music.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i am six feet tall.
dialogue
i like being 6 feet tall . how tall are you ?
i am just a little over 6 foot so i am a little taller than you
i see . do you like being that tall ?
yes i do , i actually have a favorite podcast that i listen to about being tall
it is kind of a struggle for me sometimes as a woman .
yeah ? i am sorry to hear that , do you have any kids ?
no kids . i hope my kids will be as tall as me though .
yes i do not have kids either but i hope they're tall also
well , i hope they get our genes ! do you play basketball ?
i do tons have a park across the street from me to play
awesome ! i played in highschool .
how old are you ?
i'm turning 30 in a couple of months !
that is awesome have a big party planned ?
nothing yet . maybe watch some nba .
have a favorite team ?
persona
i work in a factory.
i don't eat well.
i sleep most of the day.
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i'm not social.
persona II
my favorite food is popcorn.
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
i like to snowboard.
dialogue
hi . i live way out here in rural wisconsin . how are you today ?
eat junk food and sleep all day except at work at the factory .
that doesn't sound healthy . like to snack on popcorn .
i have a poor diet it can lead to cognitive deficiencies . my social skills are poor
bummer . i like to stay active by horseback riding and snowboarding
i like bareback riding too but i'm so lazy
my bro used is lazy now . he used to play in the nfl but retired
no way is your bro jj watt ?
yep ! he gave all my inheritance to the harvey victims .
sucks for the irma victims and jose victims you know
yes , but we will help them out too
yall are just such lovely people in texas . strange to think youre nazis
persona
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i am from san fransico.
persona II
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
i work in retail.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
i love music.
madonna is my all time favorite.
dialogue
hi there . do you like music ? i love gaga and madonna .
hi there . i like music , but i always buy the beer when my friends go out
i love beer so expensive at concerts though . i go to at least ten a year .
that's nice . i live in san fran and beer a lot of beer
i could never afford to live there . not on my walmart salary .
well i've not seen my feet in two years because of my beer gut
uh oh . time for planet fitness haha .
i bet , but it isn't my fault . i blame other people
that's the cheaters way out ! haha
well , smelling my own farts is one of my favorite things
that's really gross , but to each his own .
anything else nice about you ?
well i love to read .
i bet reading is nice .
yea , i am shy so i stay home a lot aside from the concerts .
i like concerts but the chairs are too small
persona
i like imagine dragons.
i like to kayak.
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to fly model airplanes.
persona II
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i am going to be the starting shortstop.
i'm 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
dialogue
hi what do you think baseball
i do not have much of an opinion . you ?
i'm started shortstop . i'm in baseball team .
that is cool ! i do kayaking personally
not much . mike trout is my idol .
who is that ? i have no idea who that's
he's famous baseball player .
oh okay . my idol is the lead singer from imagine dragons
do you have good at sing ? my old is 19 .
i'm a model airplane flyer , but that's about it
cool . we are very different .
we are but that is not bad . do you like any special food ?
i like fish . what do you like ?
i love crab but i have to have butter with it
persona
i have a french bulldog.
my feet are size six womens.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
i play bass.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i'm an insurance salesman.
i post on reduit often.
dialogue
hi ! just came back from my weekend bike ride , do you wanna chat ?
sure i do , how was your bike ride ?
so nice , i sale insurance and with the hurricanes has been very stressful .
i work at sears , selling home appliances , but my dream is to be a journalist
went to sears yesterday , bought some blue paint for my house .
i hope you were satisfied with the customer service there
not really , i posted a comment in my reduit account .
well , i apologize for what went wrong
it isn't your fault .
i still want to apologize as being one of the employees at a certain location
ok , apology accepted , i will post how nice you are !
you seem like a loyal customer , hopefully you continue shopping with us
i will need some more blue paint , so sure !
thank you , and i hope you have a wonderful day today
persona
my name is kevin.
i am a student in college.
i'm studying software development.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i play the guitar.
persona II
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i've braces.
i'm fifteen years old.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am ok . i am kevin . whats your name ?
i am not sure but my dog is maddie
i love dogs . i cannot have one since i live in a college dorm .
oh dang i am on fifteen heh
wow ! a dog would be great to join me in my workouts .
they're quite energetic . i got yucky braves .
are you in school ?
i should be buy i am playing hoolie
i am majoring in development of software . it is fun learning this new thing .
i bet . everything is new to me because i'm a teen .
you have plenty of time to learn . i play guitar . you play ?
i do not i study science mostly its fascinating
i am not a great science student but i try .
are you smarter than a 10th grader ? p
sometimes i'm just not sure about that . haha
persona
many of my former students like to visit me.
we plan to travel after he retires.
my husband will retire next year.
i like to take walks.
i am a retired school teacher.
persona II
i am bored with my current lifestyle.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i wish i could speak another language.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
dialogue
i've a confession . . . i my name is mark and i catfish people
what do you do for a living ?
nothing really i make loads on being an international catfish
what city are you from ?
miami . . . i live in little cuba , but i wish i lived in europe .
i used to teach in tx now i am in cali
what do you do ? can you speak another language ?
i'm retired now , just thinking of traveling
to europe ? i google europe for about  hours a day !
i want to go to europe after my husband retires next year
awesome ! i'm supposed to go meet my online gf but i'm a catfish
who are you pretending to be ?
anyone european , my life is boring , but hero culture is wow ! do you like movies ?
yes i do i like horror
i love foreign horror ! much scarier .
have you seen the conjuring ?
persona
my favorite hero is superman.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i'm 8 years old.
i love comic books.
persona II
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i cannot get enough of rap music , its so good.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
dialogue
hello care to chat with a rap music lover ?
my mommy wo not let me listen to rap . i'm only 8 years old .
oh well maybe when your older ? do you have any hobbies ?
i love reading comic books ! how about you ?
i like sleeping . that happens when you get old .
well when i get old i'm going to be superman !
awesome ! do you like ergonomic keyboards or chairs ?
ergonomic ? what does that mean ?
is just a special design of where to place items . its pretty awesome .
sounds cool ! maybe i'll learn more big words in school this week !
yes . so do you have brothers and sisters ?
yes , lots of em . where do babies come from ?
persona
i own my own business.
my brother lives in england.
my favorite tv show is friends.
i have a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite food is sushi.
persona II
i can speak three languages.
i love being in nature.
my mother is a teacher.
i cook well.
dialogue
hi there i love this weather an the trees an the clouds
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
i'm well trying to teach my kids things
that sounds fun . do you watch tv ? i love friends . easily my favorite show
no i just teach my kids my languages an cook all the time
you cook ? can you make sushi ? i love sushi . i could eat it every day
no but i do love it !
what do you do for work ? i am a business owner
i do not work at all . just my mom teaches .
oh ok . i'm ready for a vacation lol . i'm thinking mexico . my timeshare is down there
cool i'd love to travel i like different environments
yea i've a brother over in england . its beautiful over there
it would nice too see !
yea its awesome over there . way different than the states
persona
i like to ride motorcycles.
i ride horses.
i collect vintage cars.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i've many homes.
persona II
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
dialogue
hello . got any burritos . my favorite food is burritos
hi there . i do not like burritos .
do you like to hike ? i love to hike and be outside !
yes i do . i like riding motorcycles and horses . do you ?
no . i am close to my mom the hiker but not my dad who rides motorcycles .
i am a big vintage car collector ! are you into them ?
those are so cool . really expensive though !
yes definitely . i own many homes though . my work pay is great .
i wish mine was . i barely make minimum wage .
you'll get there ! do you have meat a lot ? i try to limit for health reasons !
i am vegan so no i do not . what do you do for work ?
own a showroom .
persona
i like comic books and anime.
i'm gay but i have not told my parents yet.
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
persona II
i am married.
i own a cleaning company.
my mother was a teacher.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
dialogue
hello hi how are you ?
i'm doing well ! tell me about yourself .
i got married , how about you ?
oh , congrats ! i am currently single . how did you meet your spouse ?
we met at a bookstore , near the nicholas sparks section my favorite
oh , how romantic ! i haven't come out to my parents yet .
good luck with that , i hope you are happier after being more open
thank you . what are your weekend plans ?
my plans are to plan for next week . howa bout you
pretty much the same . i need a hobby .
how about writing , do you like that ?
i haven't really tried . . . do you write ?
i do a bit , mostly journaling . do you like to sing ?
not really , i'm not super talented !
if you love it , if it makes you feel better , than you have got talent
that is very kind of you to say .
persona
my parents are distant.
i see a therapist that doesn t really understand me.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
i have trouble feeling emotion.
persona II
i love to draw.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i'm a very tall woman.
my family came from greece in the 1950 s.
dialogue
hi do you have any hobbies i love drawing
hello my hobby is to sleep all day
wow i am 2nd generation from greece
awesome my brother stays in trouble
well people think i'm a guy cause i'm so tall
well how tall are you then
5 foot 9 and i love asian fusion
that is tall . i do no wear my heart on my sleeve
men are intimidated by my height
i bet so but you are probably perfect
nah far from it but black n white hair 3 tattoos but my height is a problem
it is gonna be alright
i hope so cause i want a family beyond my animals
you will one day . stay out of trouble
never been to jail and only 1 parking and 2 speeding tickets ever
that's great i stay depressed
persona
my passion is photography.
my favorite color is blue.
i am a freshman at nyu.
i have two older brothers.
i am the youngest in my family.
persona II
i like to cook.
i m scared of clowns.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two roomates.
i've two dogs.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
not so bad . how about yourself ?
very well . just cooking dinner , so that makes me happy .
yum . what are you cooking ?
lasagna for my room mates . i've two . do you live alone ?
i live in a dorm at nyu with a roommate .
you are a student ? did you get stuck on the first floor ?
yup , going to school for photography , i love it ! second floor actually
i am looking for someone to take pictures of my dogs .
cool , how many dogs do you have ?
just 2 , plenty for living on the third floor . do you have pets ?
no pets . two brothers so our house was always plenty full .
i imagine . must be a circus . i am afraid of clowns .
clowns are scary , i totally get that !
one of my room mates picks on me . the other room mate agrees .
both my brothers are older than me , so they would pick on me all the time
persona
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
i'm a ballet dancer.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
persona II
i m the world s best aunt.
i love trips to the beach.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
dialogue
hey i am amanda ! tell me something interesting about yourself !
i love to eat hamburgers from five guys
yum ! i love five guys and i love anything italian ! especially cooking it
i also like watching movies with comedic actors
that is cool do you travel i love hitting the beach near me
i love to travel . we also have beaches near here .
do you have any pets i bring my pug everywhere with me !
we have a pembroke welsh corgi
that is so cute ! i love my pup i am obsessed with him and my nieces !
i like to dance , especially ballet
i am like the best aunt ever !
i am a grandmother of 7
7 wow ! i've 5 nieces !
wow they must keep you busy
they do ! but they're so worth it !
grandparenting is awesome , i wish my kids could have met theirs
persona
i work full time.
i like nature.
i like to go hiking.
i love eating out.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i love art.
i am currently pregnant with my second child.
my husband in an engineer.
i am a stay at home mom.
dialogue
hi , i'm so bored .
hi , i'm just relaxing on my porch enjoying nature .
i am so uncomfortable , huge and pregnant .
aww i feel for you ! are you having a boy or girl ?
i am keeping it a surprise this time .
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
a stay at home mom . what about you ?
i'm a full time teacher .
can you teach me something ?
what would you like to learn ? lol
whatever you want to teach me
the suns rays danced across the ocean is an example of personification .
that sounds pretty boring .
lol i can teach math if you would prefer .
persona
i am from mexico.
i used to be a chef , but i am a teacher now.
i like to go on walks.
i like to bake.
persona II
i'm a paramedic.
i've three sisters.
i am studying to become a nurse.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i live in a studio apartment.
dialogue
working at the fire station as a paramedic . whats up out there ?
just grading a quiz from yesterday . i'm a teacher .
awesome i love teachers . i'm studying to be a rn soon
that's rewarding . i used to work in a hospital in mexico .
i've 3 sisters who live in mexico
i am about to go for a walk want to come ?
sure i like to listen to music when i walk . i like the beatles
that's fine . maybe after we can bake some cookies !
yes i can bake some in my studio apartment . i've a small oven
sounds good we can make some mexican cookies !
you sound like a professional cook !
i was a chef before i got into teaching .
that is a great combination someone who cooks well and can teach it !
what are you other interests ?
persona
i like classic radio programs.
i love my impala.
i enjoy fishing.
summer is my favorite season.
persona II
i work for a large hospital.
boating is my favorite activity.
i live in a large home.
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
i am a doctor.
dialogue
hey there i feel like i never rest as a doctor
i like to relax in my impala and listen to classic music stations
this hospital is just so huge , really ? i like that on my boat .
must be nice in the summer i love summer , its the best season
yes me too ! i hate it is ending soon
me too . i do a lot of fishing in the summer . what about you ?
i i just enjoy the boating when we aren't vacationing
nothing better than driving around on a sunny day in my impala !
what is the biggest fish you caught ?
believe it or not , i like to catch and release !
what was the biggest that you caught ?
i caught a fish that was 26 kg
i couldn't let it go i like fish to eat lol
i do enjoy it , so nice in the summertime . very relaxing !
persona
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i'm deathly terrified of heights.
winters my favorite time of the year.
persona II
i was diagnosed with autism.
i listen to linking park , i don't know why.
people in school said i was quiet.
i haven't done anything since high school.
dialogue
hi hows it going with you ?
pretty well , i cannot complant .
that is good . what kind of work do you do ?
not working now and have some time for fun . i like games .
i like games but don't have anyone to play with
are you into game of thrones ?
not familiar with it . you ?
yes and i'm excited to see how it ends
cool . i watch lots of tv because i've nothing else to do
i wish they make a new game of thrones with all new characters .
i'm sure that would be cool
well , was nice talking with you . gonna play a game now .
persona
my car is over 20 years old.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my mother was a school music teacher.
my dad was a preacher.
persona II
i like to cook stews.
i'm a older lady.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i love to eat cheese.
dialogue
hello there ! how is your day going ?
been fixing my car all day
oh my . my grandson loves to fix cars . is everything ok now ?
its over 20 years old .
so is my grandson ! its not easy getting old for people or cars .
i want a new car so bad
is it something you can afford soon ?
no , i'm in debt . serious debt
sorry . my income is pretty limited after getting on medicare .
what do you do for living
i am long retired . now i watch a lot of tv and cook for my family .
how is your life after retirement
persona
i like sleeping in.
i love fall and winter.
i sometimes wonder why i am not married.
i have brown hair.
i like eating healthy foods.
persona II
i am a viking.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
i've a big beard.
dialogue
hello ! hows your weekend going ?
hi my weekend is going geat yours ?
been repairing my boat so i can get back out on the open seas .
the ocean is terrifying in my opinion
no place better to fish , pillage and plunder and drink mead !
you are a viking like in real life ?
we don't just like in minnesota ! ll indeed so . how about you ?
i am not a viking but i pillage and plunder my fridge
ha ! i knew i liked you from the start !
i have always been interested in how the vikings moved about with such precision
we have a long history of good map making and navigating .
i like how they bury there dead
not pleasant , but must be done . so why do you not like the ocean ?
to big i'm not in control
persona
i own 10 cats.
i have long red hair.
i don't eat asparagus.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i work at home on my computer.
persona II
my favorite singer is britney spears.
i love the color pink.
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening
it is going pretty well getting some work done
what do you do for a living ?
i work as programmer
that sounds like an interesting job
yes i like it it allows me to work from home
that would be so nice ! working in your pajamas all day
not in my pajamas but yes it is nice
do you have any hobbies ?
not really my ten cats keep me busy
wow , 10 cats ! that sounds like a cuddly handful
yes they keep me busy
i really enjoy the outdoors
i do not get to enjoy outdoors much cats aren't outdoorsy
persona
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
i live in a big city.
i enjoy video games.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
i enjoy singing.
persona II
i live alone.
i like to play video games.
i play guitar on my free time.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
dialogue
good afternoon and i hope it is a good one
it is pretty good thanks . how are you ?
good just hanging out in my empty apartment playing some video games
i love video games . what is your favorite ?
i'm really good at monopoly
i did not know that monopoly was a video game
yeah it is a fun game
i mostly like single player rpgs on my xbox
i do not have a lot of spare time but when i do it is fun
do you like to watch movies ?
sometimes but i do play my guitar a lot
what is your favorite genre of music ?
i like different types of spanish music
do you also play spanish guitar ?
yes i am learning how to play
i am a big fan of carlos santana
persona
i am a violinist.
my mother was a nurse.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
persona II
i am single.
i teach a yoga class.
my mother was a teacher.
my favorite food is salad.
i enjoy nature.
dialogue
hi how are you
i'm doing good tell me about yourself
i'm really into nature and yoga . you ?
i play the violin , that's my favorite hobby
that's a great instrument .
yeah , my parents used to hit me when i was a child so i'd practice it
oh gosh
yeah , and i've played it since the age of four .
what kind of food od you like ?
i recently discovered a love for indian food , and yourself ?
i've been experimenting with different salad recipes lately
i am sorry , your life sounds worse than mine
ahahah its not that bad
do you have any pets ? i'm looking to adopt a puppy soon
persona
i am an art teacher.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i like to sew my own clothing.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
persona II
i'm diabetic.
i like video games.
my mother worked for apple.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i have never been employed.
dialogue
hi ! !
hello ! what do you do ?
pretty good you ?
good , planning my next round of thrift shop visits .
do you like sugar ?
i guess as much as the next person . why ?
i am diabetic . lucky
that must be hard . can you have sugar at all ?
nope , it will put me right in a coma . do you like music ?
i am more into making my own clothing .
very cool . i have never been employed .
no ? i am an art teacher , so i am around kids all the time .
my mom works at apple . are you a mom ?
i wish , but no .
persona
i coexist well with my husband.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
i've a friend group , but i do not like any of them.
persona II
i am a professional basketball player.
i play for the washington wizards.
i went to college in maryland.
i make 35 million a year.
i live in huge mansion.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good thank you . how are you ?
ok just getting for my limo driver
i just got home from an early game of basketball .
really ! was it a nba game
no just a small game between a few friends and myself at the gym .
i play basketball at maryland college
oh nice ! i also do cross country try outs .
my favorite nba team is the wizards
i prefer the mavericks myself .
ok i played against them and i scored 45 points
45 points is alot . . you must be really good .
yes i'm one of the highest paid player in the nba
that's amazing . i would enjoy having that job .
persona
i am too short to reach the top shelf.
i've the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
persona II
i am seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is calden.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
dialogue
hey i'm pretty down today
oh no whats going on ?
i need a little help in the kitchen all the time , lol
i am afraid i am not much help there too short to reach the shelves !
me too lol ! i am a little weird too especially with vegetables ha !
funny enough i can always tell when someone has had asparagus .
this is really weird lol me too
maybe we are twins . are you short too ?
yes i am ! i am going to have me a steak today !
let me guess , you like it medium rare ?
yes i do , an i like 5 different coffees
its like speaking into a mirror
persona
i help my neighbor.
i have a dog and we go for walks.
i live in a city.
i like to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i am a grandmother.
persona II
the future scares me.
i have six siblings.
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my adopted dad works at hp.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hello , i am doing well thank you . you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
absolutely ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i love the outdoors . . . hiking camping
that is great ! i love to get outdoor too . i take my do on walks frequently .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm retired . i spend time with my grandchildren and neighbor when i'm not at the farmers market .
do you have any hobbies ?
those keep me pretty busy along with my dog living in the city . yourself ?
i like the outdoors , hiking camping
yes i remember . what do you do for a living ?
i work at the library
that must be nice , all the solitude .
its a very peaceful enviroment
reading is a great way to find that and adventure too .
persona
my children are a disappointment.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i married miss usa.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
i am bored of my maids.
persona II
i work as a stand up comedian.
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i'm ever so bored of these simpletons . you ?
i'm a stan up comic , simpletons are how i make a living
i have everything money can buy . . . what do i do with all this money
must be nice to have that problem . i still have to work
i married a beautiful woman , miss usa but she bores me . . . as do the maids
sounds like you could be in the tv show i once had a part in
you sound successful . . . unlike my children . disappointments plain amd simple
i hope so . although my parents wish i was not an actor
i'll adopt you . you will take my fortune when i die
that would be great . i can support the theatre
so long as you bring me cheesecake . its my favorite
cheesecake is my favorite ! cheesecake foredays
it is the only thing that brings me joy
persona
i still live at home with my parents.
i eat all take out.
i play video games all day.
i'm 32.
persona II
i like to role play.
i'm a morning person.
i don't like animals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love cars.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
good morning how are you ?
good morning , mornings are for me , because mornings are mornings .
lol i guess you are a morning person i take it ?
i am , are we in love ? i enjoy role playing .
like take out ? i love it
sure let us get pizza together
i love pizza what kind do you like ?
pizza that i can eat in cars that i love . you ?
lol me too , like video games ?
yep , pew pew , gg , not too fond of animals though .
i live with my people
who are your people then ?
my parents , i'm too old for it .
your parents are people ? do they eat mornings ?
yes they are , an yes they do .
persona
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
persona II
i want to move to london when i get older.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i love soccer.
i like to invest in the stock market.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
i would be doing a lot better if i had gummy worms .
yes tell me about it . . . . i love those things
do you read much ?
yes always . . . . what do you read
i am very passionate about sci fi space adventure novels .
what do you do for a living
i work in a warehouse . what about you ?
i'm an accountant for the nike company .
wow ! with the money you make you probably never run out of gummy worms !
ll you should invest in gummy worms stock
i know right ! i cant get enough of that stuff !
persona
i like to go hiking.
i like nature.
my favorite color is blue.
i love eating out.
persona II
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn t very personally fulfilling.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
dialogue
how do you feel about the current political climate ? it is distracting from work
it is , i actually go for hikes often when it is too heated
working with law should make me feel empowered but only online activism helps . .
i'm actually a hippy who loves nature so i know what activism is
lately i've been reading to distract myself from work and politics , activism is exhausting
that's interesting , i like to read when i eat out
what do you read ? i prefer female authors more , somehow
i'm actually reading a blue book called sky , my favorite color
read 50 shades of gray , that is a book by a woman i do not like !
interesting , i figured a man wrote it
as did i at first , i fell down a political rabbit hole researching it !
i hate politics in general and dread elections
they are inevitably going to affect our lives in different ways , unlike my job
another thing i hate , being a slave to society
persona
i have a younger sibling.
i have flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
my befriend is from out of town.
persona II
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
i'm single.
i am in debt.
dialogue
hey what up its by
hey by ! did you see that hockey game ? out of control !
no which one ? last night ?
yeah . my bff is here from out of town and we watch . drank too many beers . . .
sounds fun ! i have a bunch of hockey gear i bought and never used , lol
you sound like my little bro . he's always buying stuff and forgetting he has it .
i'm always buying stuff and forgetting how much i spent . until i check my bank statement . yikes !
right ? that can be an unwelcome surprise .
ya . but not as unwelcomed as the time i almost had my beemer repossessed !
oh man . that sucks . i drive a beat up vw . no will repo that !
haha . but i got it back tho . its nice to take about on first dates !
ha ! i am sure . best 1st date i had we flew to cab . totally insane !
wow ! that sounds amazing ! very flashy
yeah , it was . he wasn't tho . super douche canoe !
persona
i have a french bulldog.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
my feet are size six women s.
i play bass.
persona II
i have red hair.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i live close to the coast.
i work at a retail store.
dialogue
what are you doing today ?
hello , i am relaxing with my pup and listening to the chili peppers .
i love that band . what do you do for work ?
i don't work , i play in a band .
i'd much rather do that than work at target like i do
my husband is a detective , and gone a lot . it is a hobby .
i bet you miss him often
i do . he's in the gang unit , so i worry a lot .
oh wow , i bet . what does he look like ?
tall , brown hair and brown eyes . he looks like a football coach , lol
he sounds handsome . much better than me with my red hair
i am a redhead too , lol . i look hot !
oh well that makes one of us !
i'm sure you are beautiful , all women are beautiful
thank you . that is the sweetest thing anyone has said to me
my husband tells me that every day . no one else ever did before him .
persona
i'm on a diet.
i cannot drive.
i've been married eight years.
i'm thirty two years old.
persona II
i like to go to the lake.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
i've 3 dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hey you like water ? i do
hello i'm a middle aged woman in my 30s
nice , do you like the lake ? i do i go often
are you married ? i am i've been for over 7 years
no not yet i like enjoying horror books
i wish i could drive but i cannot
i just have animals 3
cool . i need to lose weight . thinking of looking up dieting tips
well why cannot you drive ? i work at the bank
don't have a car right now to drive
my color is blue its my favorite
cool my favorite color is red
persona
i hit for over forty million dollars.
i will never punch a clock again.
i'm rich beyond my dreams.
one day i played the lottery.
persona II
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
dialogue
hi ! what is your name and where are you from ?
hi names randy and i live in wisconsin , i played the lottery and won 40m .
oh my gosh that's amazing ! congrats ! what will you do with it all ?
well putting it away and then putting some through investment .
smart move ! i don't have 40m but i make ok money as a teacher !
i don't have to clock in ever again . freedom ! ! lol
haha you can go and travel the world ! where would you want to go ?
well going to try and travel to europe . never have been .
i was born in switzerland ! you should go it is beautiful !
i feel blessed to be rich . i never would have dream this could happen .
yes not many are as fortunate . that's why i want to be a teacher !
i'd love to visit switzerland ! come pick me up at the airport ?
do not live there anymore lol i live in america now and go to college !
wow . ok . well i can take you with me .
haha you barely know me ! you are very spontaneous and romantic i see !
not romantic just a friend thing .
persona
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is cayden.
i'm seven years old.
persona II
i like crocheting.
i'm a woman.
i've five children.
i am married to a man.
i love cats.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hi . my name is anne . i'm great . how about yourself ?
hi anne ! my name is becky . i'm doing great too . have any hobbies ?
hey becky . yes , i love playing soccer . how about you ?
i like to crochet , thank you for asking . i like to play with my cats too , haha .
nice . how old are you ? i'm currently seven years old .
oh that's sweet , i'm 33 years old . i have a daughter that's 7 .
oh nice . i had applied for a gifted program but just got my rejection letter .
that is sad . i am sure you are very smart . are you ok ?
yeah . thanks . i am just very upset . do you have a best friend ?
i used to but i am just so busy now . what about you ?
yes i have one and his name is cayden .
do you and cayden have any hobbies together ?
yes we play soccer together and paint a lot .
persona
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i've the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
i m too short to reach the top shelf.
persona II
i know how to pilot a plane.
my hobby is photography.
i'm a lawyer.
i do not own a television.
i live in the mountains.
dialogue
hey how are you , did you ever fly a plane ?
no flying short old guy the top shelf is off limits to me
actually only short people can be fighter pilots
true i like iced coffee i've five flavors in my fridge right now
i'm more of a tea guy . i get my tea from china .
i've a weird gene i can tell when people have eaten asparagus
asparagus is used a lot in italian cuisine .
yes it is i like it with medium rare steak
oh , i don't eat steak i am a vegetarian .
it is a gray day here today going to watch some tv
what is on tv tonight ?
thursdays are never good maybe a college football game
let us hope there is a good movie on then . you can also stream it .
might have to go that route
i don't own a tv i only stream .
that is definitely the wave of the future
persona
i've several children.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
my parents are still married.
we have a dog.
persona II
i'm from san fransisco.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i've not seen my feet in two years.
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
dialogue
hey hey hey , wheres the beers , baby . . . .
i love to play with my children because i've several
i do not care baby lets have some brews for the gang . . . .
sorry , do not drink beer , not a baby but a woman
look what are you doing , i am just making an order this is not right
besides , i must obey my parents , they treasure moral values and still married
i am married to my farts . b
anyways , i live in a country area , and we going running with dog
yeah i've not seen my feet in two years cuz i drink so much beer
that's not polite to talk to a woman , not a baby
home you smell that delicious fart i'm in san francisco
please show some respect my children may see this
not my fault you came on this site come to san francisco i'll buy you a beer
how about buy me a soda , and milk shakes for my children
persona
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i love owning nice office supplies.
i've always wanted a pot bellied pig.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
persona II
i go to a local college.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
i listen to classic rock.
i watch basketball.
dialogue
hello ! what kind of music do you like ?
i am into hard rock . how about you ?
not far off ! i like classic rock . i am older though .
i appreciate classic rock as well . particularly april wine .
nice . i think i am one of the few at college that still listens .
cool . ever had to read anne of green gables ? great book .
that's a great book . i watch more basketball than read however .
fair enough . i think i spend more money on office supplies than books though .
coffee is expensive . i spend a lot of money on vegetables .
that's good . fresh veggies , or frozen ?
the fresher , the better ! sometimes frozen are good standbys though .
agreed . how do you feel about pot bellied pigs ?
they're really cute ! do you have one ?
no , but i really want one . i have been researching them .
you should get one and bring it over to watch the basketball game !
sounds fun ! have a favorite team ?
persona
i run a small bakery.
i have a son.
i like going on walks.
i love to laugh.
persona II
i'm an environmental engineer.
i live alone.
i like to take photos.
i live in portland , maine.
i love to hike.
dialogue
good morning there . my name is ernie .
good morning , how are you doing today ?
great . i have the day off . engineering is my job . environmental . you ?
i run a small town bakery , just got home for getting things open .
oh nice . pretty chilly here in portland , maine .
little chilly on the west coast too . do you have kids , i've 1 son
no kids . no wife . quiet house .
ha ha , my son just left for college so quiet here too !
that's good . good boy . hobbies ? photography is a passion .
not to much , love long walks and great company . what do you photograph
nature mostly . i hike a lot and take a lot of pictures .
the most freeing experience is nature . just the sounds a lone are music
agree completely . what are your plan ? heading back to the bakery ?
nope done till closing time . just need to run a few errand and relax you ?
same here . relaxing today on this friday the 13th .
yeah , time for the crazies to come alive lol .
persona
i work in a diner.
i also own a cupcake business.
i am always late.
i live with my best friend.
i sing in the shower.
persona II
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
i like to listen to rap music.
my car is black.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you today ?
hi i'm doing ok how are you
not too bad over here . just listening to some music .
i'm ready to take a shower for work . the shower is the only place i can sing
singing in the shower is awesome . i love singing california love in there .
i like that song too . my roommate hates when i sing but she's my best friend
i hear you . my roommate hates riding in the car with me . it is too fast .
lol i drive like you because i am never on time for anything
rap music helps me get moving faster when i am late . you should try it .
i like rock music the most . where do you work ?
i work for a limo service . i drive around my black car all day .
that sounds fun ! i have two jobs own a bakery and cook at a 24 hour restaurant
that's pretty cool ! i really like 2pac . you should play it in the restaurant .
i cant i have to play pop or my customers complain
persona
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i like getting my nails done.
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i own a french bulldog.
i like drinking expensive wine.
persona II
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i recently started to work online.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
my favorite band is the story so far.
dialogue
how are you this morning ?
hi . good . cant wait to get my nails done this afternoon . you ?
looking at my past gigs of playing guitar
wish i played guitar . instead i drink expensive wine and listen to music .
who is your favorite band ? mine is the story so far
do not really have a favorite . my french bulldog likes taylor swift .
that's cool ! i've a miniature pinscher , but he never really cares for my guitar
i could take guitar lessons . my trust fund is the high life style .
nice ! i have newly began to work online , and i love it . love the lifestyle and freedom
i do not work myself . its more fun that way .
i previously used to work in a factory with many people
that would be bad for my nails . did i tell you about losing my diamond ?
we made boxes , so i did not really have any nails
i bet . that would definitely ruin them .
i also used to travel a lot . i played guitar in my band
that sounds like a lot of fun . i love to travel .
persona
i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i've perfect pitch.
i have been published in the new yorker magazine.
persona II
i've twelve kids.
i live in alabama.
i'm obese.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
how is your day going ?
not the worst . super tired from chasing my 12 kids around all day though
as a child i won a national spelling bee
you must be really smart
maybe just a little ! tell me something about yourself
well i'm from alabama living here with my husband and kids . do you work ?
i do . i actually just got published in the new yorker magazine
wow , you are definitely smart . i'm just a dumb blonde
your more than likely very smart !
nah i never got a job . the kids take up all my time . you have family ?
yes , i've one child , she is almost 3 years old
kids are a blessing . my youngest is 3 as well
so you have 12 children ? i couldn't even imagine that
it is crazy . somehow i'm still overweight even though i run after them all day
it took me 2 years to lose any baby weight
persona
i want to get married again.
i wish my boyfriend didn t want an open relationship.
i m angry at my coworker.
i m not going to go the extra mile anymore.
persona II
i like cupcakes.
my favorite color is blue.
i have brown hair.
i work at a grocery store.
i like to read.
dialogue
hi , what is your favorite cupcake flavor ?
i love chocolate . i am a bit annoyed with my coworker
oh ? wanna talk about it ?
well its more like how they get away with things a lot .
i hear that , i work at kroger . i deal with similar crap .
i am not into getting married again
no ? what happened with the first relationship ?
it is hard to work things out , my current bf wants an open relationship .
oh that sounds quite messy
it is , i'm giving up going the extra mile in my life .
cheer up buttercup , take it one day at a time .
yeah , you are right , gotta stop being so negative .
do you read ? i love reading at night before bed .
i do at times haven't lately
persona
i love going to the movies.
its one of my favorite hobbies.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
i used to wear a cape.
persona II
i am a shy person but i love to sing.
until recently i've never been able to sing in front of anyone.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.
i was accepted to participate.
my shyness made me panick and i didn't show up.
dialogue
hello
hello there ! how are you ?
i am good and you ?
awesome ! i just saw dunkirk in theatres , though a little depressing
that movie got good ratings ? better than saving private ryan ?
yep ! and i love christoper nolan the director . spr was so cheesy !
how was harry styles acting ?
haha he is extremely multi talented . you a d fan ?
no but i did like a few of their songs . . . guilty pleasure lol
haha me too ! i love cheesy things . . .
shhhh do not tell no one , especially by friends lol
haha . . . when i was young superhero movies were my guilty pleasure
persona
i like to hike.
i am a farmer.
i graduated from college.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
persona II
i am an avid fisherman.
i hate fast food.
i've a george foreman grill at home.
i know how to play the guitar.
i like to race go carts.
dialogue
hi , i'm kathie ! i don't like eating fast food
hi kathie ! i'm lee . i like to go bike riding on sundays with my family
great family time ! enjoy with you family .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a fisherman . i like racing
oh ok cool ! i love fishing as well been fishing since i was 5
i love playing guitar . i'm very good in that .
cool ! i work from home and when i'm not i spend time with my family
wow that great . i love to know that .
i been working from home for years and i just opened my online shop in august
i love grilling . i use george foreman grill . its really great
yes i love the george foreman grill i've one myself
wow that's great . what is your shop name ?
lebes fashion shop . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
will definitely check it . where are you from ?
thank you . i am from alabama . where are you from ?
persona
i hate popcorn.
my boyfriend is in acting school.
i m constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
i work in a movie theater.
nachos make me happy.
persona II
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i like to play guitar.
i don t consume caffeine.
dialogue
what is up my man ? how are you dude ?
i am a ok , how are you tonight ?
very cool , just jamming along to my favorite band .
whats that ? i like the music in movies , i work in a cinema
the rolling stones ! i play along with my guitar . you like movies ?
i do , i work at a theater so i get to see all the new ones free
lucky you ! i also work in a theater , been there for eight years now .
really ? ! whats youre favorite recent movie ?
i like bladerunner . i'm a fan of cyberpunk movies .
hmm , i was gonna see that with my dad , went to kinsman instead
sounds good , forgive me i'm so tired . tired all day .
up late last night ? i was
always up late ! and i do not drink coffee . do you ?
nope , i prefer to just drink a lot of water in the mornings
do you like the album beggars banquet ?
never actually heard of it
persona
i like victorian things.
i collect dolls.
i'm a romantic.
i like antiques.
i like jazz.
persona II
i am a history buff.
i am engaged to be married.
i love animals and like working with them.
my parents are divorced.
i'm in a local theater company.
dialogue
hello ! where are you from ?
i'm from italy , collecting dolls is my favorite thing to do !
i love italy , so rich in history ! i'm producing a play set in italy now actually !
a set for what , like a tv show ?
i mean the setting for the play is in italy . i work for the theater nearby .
oh right my bad , maybe add some victorian things to the set .
great idea ! are you also a history buff ?
i'm , i also collect jazz albums from my favorite bands .
my parents liked jazz . my father took the good albums from mom when they divorced .
who is your favorite , mom or dad ?
mom . she's so sweet to all living creatures , especially animals . i love that .
moms are the best , my mom has my doll collection right now .
the woman i am engaged to had a doll collection also ! do you have japanese dolls ?
i don't , mostly victorian dolls they are my favorite .
persona
i can speak four languages fluently.
i work as a plumber.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
i am an award winning th member.
persona II
i do not like the song sweet home alabama.
i grew up in alabama.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
i love watching game of thrones.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
dialogue
roll tide ! where you from ?
hi i am from south carolina
i'll have to leave soon to pick up my ma from circle k , entertain me
what do you do for a living
i hole up at home because i saw a monster one time , you ?
i am a plumber boring i know
entertain yourself with some got ! what music do you listen to ?
i do not really listen to music what about you
anything but songs about where i live ! haha
haha i participate in 4h what about you
wait , what is a 4h ?
a youth program with ties to agriculture science and life improvement
wow that's really great of you , how could i get into that ?
i think you can sign up online and see if there is one near you
sounds like something that could get my ma out of the c store biz , thanks ! !
no problem what are your hobbies
persona
i like ford cars.
i've a ford f150.
i also like ford trucks.
i own a ford truck.
my truck is black.
persona II
i like to work puzzles.
i am a teacher.
i love country music.
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
dialogue
hi , what do you do ?
i am a ford car dealer because i like their car .
cool , i am writing a fiction about a ford car . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to drive my ford f150 . i like to look at ford trucks . you ?
well i'm a teacher so i spend most of my days working puzzles .
i've a ford truck and it is black color . do you like ford trucks ?
no , but on the subject of trucks i like country music .
nice . who do you like to listen to ?
pretty much anything that is classified as country . what other things do you like ?
i like washing all my ford cars on weekends .
oh really ? how many do you have ?
i just have three cars . they're all black .
that is actually really impressive . as a teacher i don't have the income for that
you could buy used ford cars . maintenance is crucial though .
persona
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i just finished training as a security guard.
i m a 30 year old male.
i work nights now and like my job.
i've two dogs.
persona II
i also love orange juice.
i'm 10 years old.
i love ham and cheese sandwiches.
my name is arnold.
i like to watch tv.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
i'm great , how are you ?
i'm doing quite well today
good to hear . do you have any animals ?
no my mom is allergic
oh that is no fun , i have a couple dogs
maybe when i am 11 i can get a fish
nice goal , how old are you now ?
i'm only 10 years old
wow what an age difference , i'm 10 years old . are you male or female ?
you are also 10 ? that's wild . i'm a boy
sorry no , 30 but i'm also a male
i'm arnold , what is your name ?
my name is matt . anything new going on with you ?
not really , just drinking juice
what kind of juice is it ?
persona
i like swimming.
i own a home.
my favorite color is purple.
i love dogs.
persona II
my favorite sport is basketball.
i live in canada , near ontario.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
dialogue
hi , i'm from canada and you ?
hi i'm from the great state of michigan .
i come there twice a year to run marathons . what do you do for a living ?
i work from my home that i own .
cool , that must be really nice
it is really nice in the summer swimming in our pool .
do you have a basketball court ? i love basketball
no basketball court . do you have any pets ?
yes i have a new puppy , what about you ?
i have a poodle and we colored him purple , lol !
awesome ! ! ! a purple poodle . must be your favorite color
yes it definitely is !
my favorite color is green
i like the color green especially on money .
persona
i love going to concerts.
my eyes are brown.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
i'm a vegan.
i study philosophy at mass.
persona II
my friends like watching it to.
its great fun.
i like football.
we drink beer and eat food.
dialogue
hello , whats your favorite foot ball team and why ?
oh , i don't really follow football . go to a lot of concerts though
neither do i but am a fun of prayer festivals and follow them a lot .
haha , the closest i get to prayer is the angel tattoo on my hip .
seriously , you need to think about god beyond that .
i kind of do . i think about a lot of religions in my philosophy classes .
no religion has ever crossed your heart meaning touching you at heart ?
not really unless you consider veganism a religion .
can we meet and talk because i want you to be my friend in christ .
uh , sure , just look for a person with brown eyes . that will be me .
yes , that puts me close to you but at least an address can be better .
i go to school at mass if that helps .
please i want to meet you so that i deliver the message god has for you .
well tell me about it , i'm listening now .
it needs quiet some good time together to perceive it well and its based on interaction .
i'm not really comfortable with that , sorry .
persona
i wish my boyfriend didn t want an open relationship.
i want to get married again.
i've 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i m not going to go the extra mile anymore.
i m angry at my coworker.
persona II
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i live in california.
i work at a power plant.
i like to eat spaghetti.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? where do you live ? i'm in california .
hi i'm mad about work but will be ok how are you
i am fine . sorry to hear that you are upset , what is bothering you ?
been working at the factory 10 years but my coworker gets promoted
how long was your coworker working there ?
5 years . if she had been there longer i would have understood it
did she show more effort than you did ? what kind of work ?
nope but i'm not working overtime or anything anymore forget that .
i'm sorry . would you like to talk about another topic ?
what do you do for a living
i work at a nuclear power plant . what do you make at the factory ?
i make little debbie cakes
those are yummy ! i also like spaghetti !
spaghetti is great and quick and easy to make
that may be why i like it ! do you do anything for fun ?
i like to play videogames
persona
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i like to go shopping.
i wanted to be a nurse.
i went to college.
persona II
i am a vet tech.
i love to read.
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
dialogue
hello , i love jesus very much .
sweet . i think he watches over me as i have been driving the back roads forever .
have you seen any scary movies lately ? i love getting scared !
i don't like scary movies although , i was scared while attending college .
oh wow , college , books are my thing !
yeah , i was going to be a nurse and then i saw blood and changed my mind .
i'm also learning about medicine . i love helping animals .
i love animals . ironically , i became a professional shopper . it is a great job .
i'm going to go pray to jesus now . this world is getting crazy .
it sure is a crazy world . i hope he answers your prayers . i will be driving .
whats your favorite book ? mine is by shakespeare !
i lover anything stephen king . no scary movies but i love the books .
gosh , i love animals so much , i'm going to give them all big hugs !
you must be a professional animal cuddler .
persona
i wear dingy clothes.
i ride a skateboard.
i've blue and orange hair.
i've often been called a slacker.
persona II
i wish i had money to travel.
i've an iq of 250.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
my parents died in a plane crash.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
pretty good man !
i have a super high iq , 250
i'm gonna party the folks are gone !
totally random fact , but you know you v can make houses out of matches ? i do .
that takes too much party time for me !
i am sad though . my parents jus died in a plane crash
well common over and party !
i'd love to . . give me the details
big blowout at the big house in ironwood mid
nice . . you got some cute friends
a whole band full !
cool , i will be there soon . . cannot wait !
be prepareared to rock roll !
persona
i often help her sort books in the library.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
my mother is a librarian.
i am going to school for writing.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
persona II
i lease my car.
i like potatoes.
i have two dogs.
i work in accounting.
i'm male.
dialogue
hi . what do you do for a living ? i work as an accountant .
hi there , i am currently going to school for writing
cool . tell me more about you . i am a guy and i own two dogs .
i am a girl who likes to read novels and poetry in my spare time
ah . i like to eat potatoes .
my goal in life is to become a journalist one day
ah . so much more fun than accounting .
yes , she is a librarian , its where i got my love for writing
who is a librarian ? do you own your own car ?
my mother is one , and i do own a car
cool . i lease the car i drive .
what kind of car is it ?
toyota corolla . the best car around .
nice ! well time for me to get back to studies . have a good day .
you are not very friendly , are you ?
i just had a few minutes to chat . now i need to get back to work .
persona
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i am very skinny and energetic.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
persona II
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
great . i'm nicole . what is your name .
my name is jenn . do you like movies ?
sort of . i'd much rather be active . i've so much energy all the time .
i love comedy movies but i like to be active too .
thank goodness i stay active because i eat terribly . regardless i stay skinny .
i eat terrible too lol . i love hamburgers .
same here ! ! drink too much soda and coffee too !
i have a hard time staying away from anything chocolate !
i could go for some now . what are you up to today ?
not much . working around the house . how about you ?
heading out soon . taking my honda to the shop . my dad gifted it to me .
my parents had a honda . they were in a accident and passed away a few years ago .
sorry to hear that ! i hope i have more luck with mine .
persona
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
i've three dogs and two cats.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i live in chicago.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i am a lifestyle blogger.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
dialogue
hello , my name is janie . how are you ?
i am good , it is really windy here in chicago ! ! ! ! ! ! !
lol . yeah , same here in florida .
i am just sitting inside with my dogs and cats ! ! ! ! ! !
sounds nice . i m enjoying a day with my kids .
do they like video games ? ! i love playing quake , but only on slackware
they re too young for games , but husband has an xbox .
2 of my 3 dogs at my xbox ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they ate your xbox ? wow , didn t know they could do that .
i think my two cats convinced them to do it ! ! ! !
lol , have a lot of pets do you ?
yeah , my condo really smells
you should get a diffuser . i love shopping and see those everywhere .
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you are right , that would help ! ! ! !
yeah . i blog about life hacks and that would help the smell .
that is awesome ! ! ! ! i love reading online reviews ! ! !
persona
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i play drums in a band.
i drive a ford mustang.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
persona II
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
my name is dave.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
i love hiking and staying fit.
dialogue
hello i am david , how are you ?
hi , i am 25 and go to college with my girlfriend luis . you ?
i help people get into shape during the week
awesome ! i am the drummer in a band .
have you ever played in las vegas ? that is where i am from
no . what kind of car do you drive ? i've a ford mustang !
i don't drive . i like to stay in shape and walk everywhere
everywhere ? what is the furthest you have walked ?
i have hiked all the way to mount charleston one time
mount charleston ? is that near las vegas ?
yes it is close by , have you ever been there ?
no , i've never been west of the mississippi river .
do you go fishing there ?
yes , on days off from college , and when the band doesn't have a gig .
i love it , i go fishing when i'm not working .
i wish i had my own place , instead of living with my parents
persona
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i travel a lot.
i like doing art projects.
i'm married.
persona II
i work at mcdonald s.
i've brown hair.
i write.
i like sleeping.
dialogue
good morning . . . yawn . . . just getting up for the day .
late sleeper eh ? been up awhile here and hoping for a family walk this evening .
i just sleep a lot . i like it . have to go to work soon .
haha . not me , have to finish packing for a trip we leave for in the morning .
i work nights at mcdonalds .
my evenings consist of lots for sewing and crafting
sounds nice . you should stop by in the morning on your way out . breakfast .
my husband would be all over that ! way cheaper than airport food also .
are you flying somewhere ? that would be a good writing prompt .
sure am , australia . never been there before but cannot wait to see the wildlife .
sounds great . i'm always looking for more writing ideas .
do you write for fun or income ? writing always sounded enjoyable to me .
for fun . my latest work , my biography my hair is brown .
sounds very unique and a good way to unwind . unwinding outdoors is my go to .
i unwind by sleeping .
sewing can be relaxing also , or frustrating if trying to rush .
persona
i am married and have five children.
i work as a veterinarian.
i'm a vegetarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i enjoy reading.
i'm going back to school.
i love animals.
dialogue
hello friend how are you this evening ?
i am good how are you doing this evening
great . i was just reading a book and wanted to take a break
yeah i work long hours as a veterinarian so i am taking a break too
i bet you keep busy
very busy having a large family of five and a husband
wow ! that does sound very busy
yes i'm a crazy vegetarian that listens to hip hop while on break
ll great combo do not you think ?
very good combo so how about you
the vegan lifestyle is for me feel much better
yes you feel very healthy living that lifestyle
persona
i was raised by two mothers.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i can be quite forgetful.
persona II
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
i'm a guy that enjoys being a guy.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
dialogue
went hiking over the weekend . what were you up to ?
i love spaghetti and have two moms
i am a real guys guy but everyone can be who they want to be .
oh that is nice . i make mony
want a hulu subscription ? you can spend your money and stream shows .
sure ! i will sell you steaks
put me down for 5 pounds . i can make a mess of burritos .
wooo , my kind of person now
burritos are perfect for camping or whatever you do outdoors .
have no daddy . i think its sadi
that is sad but hey i can be like a brother . we can binge watch comedy shows .
i would love a brother ! my brother hates me
sibling rivalry can be rough . we can go fishing , kayaking , surfing .
aw , i wish this was for real
do you sometimes feel like things are unreal ?
always , my life is someone elses
persona
i live in colorado.
i've an mba degree.
i own my home.
my car is blue.
persona II
i own 10 cats.
i don't eat asparagus.
i work at home on my computer.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
dialogue
hello how are you doing this afternoon
i'm in colorado so i'm great !
that's nice what do you do for living
well i have an mba but i do not need it anymore . what do you do ?
i work as software developer
what kind of software do you work on ?
i'm senior android developer
that sounds like a very exciting job ! what do you do for fun
i've ten cats and i take care of them
that is a lot of cats . i bet you own your own home too huh ?
yes i do own my home
how do you have time for so many cats ?
cats do not require much attention
i'm more of a dog person myself but i do not have any pets
cats usually sleep most of the day
do they jump on your keyboard often ?
persona
i exercise.
i play football.
i eat well.
i'm in college.
i'm very social.
persona II
i am a girl.
i own a car.
my favorite color is blue.
i love dogs.
i love sushi.
dialogue
hi how is your day ?
pretty good just got back from a hard workout
sounds fun ! i am planning on going for sushi for dinner . i love it !
big fan of junk food myself , nothing like a big mac after the game
do you like animals ? this girl is an avid dog lover !
i do like animals but can not have any in my dorm
that's a bummer ! favorite color ?
i like blue but always have friends around so never blue
blue is mine too ! i actually just bought a blue car !
yes ! that is my teams color as well
nice ! ! which team is your favorite ?
my own we are the gaiters , a mean machine
very cool what sport do you play ?
americans call it football ,
persona
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i'm a poet.
i'm the head of the gun club.
i've a beta fish.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
persona II
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i like to hike.
i graduated from college.
i'm a farmer.
dialogue
hi i lost my arm sadly
am sorry , hows that ? i play with guns for a living
i'm the baby of the kids i lost it in a accident parents have 4 kids
i should put that in one of my poems that would be a great story !
really ? i'm a farmer come shoot the wolves that eat my crops
love too ! i will take my gun club !
no it isn't its my life i still hike tho its a like of mine
i prefer golfing , easier on the knees
i just recently graduated from school , college that's
i wish i could say that , i tried , never could catch on . . .
i bet that's where all the big deals happen huh ?
well . . . unless your one of the lucky lottery winners haha
lol no i'm not i just want to sit an watch ha lol
i watch my beta fish more interesting lol
you are nice to chat with i like that
you too ! thank you i've to go run some unused clothes to the homeless soon
persona
i am a 30 year old female.
i've 3 dogs and 2 cats.
i work as a vet.
i am a vegan.
i like to ride my bike.
persona II
i love wearing name band clothing.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
i have woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
dialogue
hi
hello and how are you doing today ?
not too bad now that its late . i prefer it dark instead of the daytime .
why are you a party promoter .
no i am just not fond of the harsh daylight . hurts my eyes too much
so you have to wear shades during the day ? i love the sun light
i used to . progressive lenses help . what are you up to ?
just came in from walking my dogs . about to relax
i am working on a playlist . i can spend hours just thinking up the right mix of songs
that sounds like fun . i've a play list on my youtube
i've more playlists than i can count . what breed are your dogs ?
i've a lab , bichon , and shih tzu
grin . both yip yips and woof woofs . . . that is how my niece categorizes dogs by size
lol . . . that is cute i don't have an children do you ?
not my own , but my sister made up for it , she's got 5
i do not hae any either but my five pets make up for them
persona
i fly airplanes.
i enjoy building computers.
my favorite band is tool.
i dropped out of college.
persona II
and , my best friend is abigail.
i am ten years old.
i take martial arts after school.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
dialogue
i may only be 10 but i bbq some mean ribs
after i dropped out the university , i started flying planes
tomorrow i become hall monitor
i like to grill , while i rebuild computers
i do marital arts when not studying
that's awesome , i walk the hallways listening to tool
my bff loves tool her name is abby
what degree are you in martial art
only a red belt for now
does abby like that you do martial arts ?
she's proud of me she's in scouts
maybe i could fly you guys on a vacation one day soon
umm i don't think our parents would approve
in the girl scouts ? i use to be in the boy scouts
your very strange i do not like this
well maybe when you guys get a little older
persona
i like to hunt.
i'm not married.
have both daughters and sons.
i love basketball.
i like to sing.
persona II
i work as a veterinarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
i am married and have five children.
my birthplace is spain.
i'm a vegetarian.
dialogue
i love animals so much i became a veterinarian
nice . i like to take my kids and we go hunting together .
i got married in america but i am from spain
where in america do you live now ?
yes i do we have 5 beautiful children
me too . i've 3 girls and 2 boys . how about you ?
i am also a vegetarian but i love hip hop !
i like all music and love to sing and sometimes i like to rap too .
i have 4 boys an 1 daughter an 3 dogs . whose your favorite rapper ?
probably biggie or nas . how about you ?
it was nice to chat with someone like me ha
do you like sports ? i love to play basketball with my friends
if i had to pick between the 2 it would biggie ! get money !
yes biggie is the best !
persona
i'm weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my mind is set on things above.
i hate evil.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
persona II
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i have one sister.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
dialogue
hello , i am getting ready for my vacation to paris today !
good afternoon how are you ? believe in god ?
not really . i am agnostic , so i don't believe or disbelieve .
i've a lot of faith but i am hurt
my only sister has the same feelings as you do .
when will you return from france ? sounds fun !
i am going on a three week vacation . i am very excited .
i bet ! i hate when people are evil
evil is wrong . that is why i love labrador retrievers .
i am a weak woman but i want to change so bad
i work for a pharmaceutical company . help is available for you .
yes evil is , i want another man but my heart is broken .
one must heal and take care of them self first .
what kind of help can that company do for me lol
there are a variety of medications available to ease your suffering .
that's a drug i do not need any sorry .
persona
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy running.
my favorite color is green.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
persona II
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i like swimming.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i only have three best friends.
dialogue
i'm fourteen and like to swim ? anyone want to go for a swim ?
i like to run . how about you swim and i run along the shore ?
if you are my age . my grandparents and mom would disapprove .
got it . i like to run on the trails . lots of trees and grass .
i have just 3 best friends . we hike in the woods around here often .
be careful . my fiance had a bad experience . anyhow , i love the color green .
i like very much to learn about race cars when i've extra time .
do you watch the races on tv ? i leave it on for company .
sometimes . i prefer to read about the cars . what else do you do ?
traveling to national parks . oh ! what a treat .
one of my 3 good friends has an older brother who works at a state park .
that would be the best job ever . what would you like to do ?
design or work on race cars . train to be an olympic swimmer . how about you ?
i work in an office . probably always will . try to follow your dream .
persona
i am stuck in a wheel chair.
i work at a museum.
i read a lot.
i do not have a lot of friends.
persona II
i'll work hard for whatever i want.
i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
i grew up as an orphan.
i often play the clown to get attention.
i want people to notice me.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
doing well . i have a day off from working at the museum
that sounds good ! i am currently working towards a loan , i will get what i want .
nice . i am actually in a wheelchair , so my job options are limited .
i'm sorry . i was put in a orphanage because i'm missing a limb
that is terrible ! but it sounds like we can relate . i don't have many friends these days .
i've some . i care deeply for them .
i tend to befriend my books . i spend a lot of time reading .
i want to be noticed , i'll act like a clown for attention .
you sound like a lot of fun !
i guess . i just have to have the acceptance , i guess .
well , it has been such a pleasure to chat with you .
thank you . it a been nice talking to you also
and we can definitely relate with our physical limitations .
yea we can . it sucks some times but we can overcome anything .
definitely . it would be nice to have a friend .
persona
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
sometimes i feel like i have already been through life once before.
i freeze up in social situations.
persona II
i love dogs.
i work at a doctors office.
i'm single.
my favorite flower is a lily.
i enjoy reading.
dialogue
hi ! jen here . medical receptionist and avid reader and you ?
hi how are you today ?
great ! and you ? i love kathy . she the best dog i've ever had .
cool do you live in florida ?
no . new york . i am shy because i've ocd .
weird i've ocd too
you believe in dejavu ? what college did you attend ?
never been . i sores out
do you know pennywise ? i wish i wasn't shy . whats your ocd ?
i obsess over all the little things
don't sweat it . i will be in florida in november .
i go once every year for a week
how should i handle shyness ? when were you diagnosed ?
at a very young age its hard
oh , i was in college . did you say you knew or know pennywise ?
no who in the world is that
persona
mo mother worked as a nurse.
i don t consume caffeine.
i like to play guitar.
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
persona II
i live in a rural area.
i m a older woman.
i love helping people.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i'm here to cheer you up ! tell me all your troubles
i sure will i am old looking for a friend outside of my husband
you mean you are looking to have an affair ? just to clarify .
no i am not i just retired
i apologize . jumped the shark there ! do you play a musical instrument ?
no i don't but i like to help
you are a very helpful type of person ?
yes we both are we are in a nice little rural
lucky you ! rural areas can be the best or the worst in my experience
true where we are we are just fine
i'm glad . my mom worked at a small hospital in the pnw . she loved it
you wanted an affair ? i love my man
no , i misunderstood your request for friendship . i am glad you have love
yes i do lol are you married ?
plenty married to my job of 8 years
persona
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
i love pasta.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
persona II
i've a lot of friends.
i love to shop.
i'm single.
i drive a bmw.
dialogue
what are you doing right now ?
cooking . merna jean and i love britney spears music . you swim ? i do .
pretty cool . i'm a single girl but i've a ton of friends
great ! you ever had jerk pasta ?
that sounds really strange . what is it ?
carribean dish . i love grill meat and pasta outside . you cook ?
no not very often . i typically go out to eat
oh okay . you like britney spears ?
heck yeah ! i blast her music in my bmw
wow ! i like britney spears . she's a swimmer like me . you swim ?
no . i'm typically too busy shopping for exercise
oh okay . you like being outside ? i do .
sometimes . i like to go out to the park with my friends
neat ! walking outside is great exercise . you walk ?
i walk around my fave mall all the time
great ! does that mall have swimming pool ? i sing also .
persona
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i have a bicycle.
i have three dogs at home.
i am very good at the drums.
persona II
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i'm single and live alone.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
dialogue
hi , i see you are a fellow night owl
i am good at the drums , that is why i can stay up so late .
i'm single and eat chinese food and watch my shows on my der at night .
i hear you stole that der from the neighbor .
nope , do not talk to my neighbors not many friends . except the robots i make
i have to check my blood sugar everyday or my bank account will go empty .
ok , that's odd .
it is a long story , involving a bandit and a turtle . . .
well nice to meet you .
i hate to workout , but i've to for my health .
don't we all .
i'll ride the bicycle and pay you a visit .
persona
i live in a condo.
i've never been to canada.
my favorite food is steak.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i only listen to opera.
persona II
i'm a musician.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
my best friend is in a band with me.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
dialogue
hi how are you today
good ! having steak for dinner tonight ! you ?
very cool where do you work
i work at a bakery , so early to rise , around 4am .
cool i do music do you
i like opera , if that is what you are asking ? what do you listen to ?
mostly rock and stuff . are you in a band
nah , just the bakery life for me . whats you band name ?
we are the able stables
cool , where do you guys play ?
the keys i've done piano since i was 5
very nice ! love a good piano . where are you from ?
i'm from the us and you ?
also the us , ever played in canada ?
sometimes you guys are so nice
oh ! i've not been to canada , i am from the us as well .
persona
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
i m still single at the age of 35.
my dog s name is wonwon.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
persona II
i love to drink whiskey.
i work as a janitor.
i wear contacts.
i'm very smart.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i'm wonderful , thank you for asking . do you have a dog ?
no , but i would like one to explore the outdoors with .
i would like to have a husband to explore with . are you single ?
yes , i do not pick up many ladies working as a janitor .
i'm an art teacher , from japan .
i am just sipping on some whiskey right now .
i like saki and plum wine .
people don't understand how intelligent i'm because of my job .
okay . do you have a dog ?
i already told you no , do you ?
i'm making polite conversation , because you seem so arrogant .
i apologize , it is the whiskey talking .
that explains a lot . do you drink every night ?
i drink a lot of whiskey . it helps dull the pain of my job .
understandable . i prefer to exercise to relieve stress .
persona
i'm a lesbian.
i love cats.
i play a lot of video games.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i'm healthy.
persona II
my best friend lives in japan.
i live in new york.
i'm a dog walker.
i have never traveled outside of the united states.
dialogue
hey how are you ? do you live in the usa ?
hi yes i do i'm in texas
i live in brooklyn , new york . ever been to ny ?
i've been to the city . me and my girl have to be careful were we go
yeah . . . . kinda dangerous . ever travel outside of the usa ?
its cause we are lesbian and people say a lot about it . never been out the usa
some people are just so close minded . gonna go to visit my friend in japan soon .
that sounds like a lot of fun !
what do you do for a living ?
i do not work right now i just play video games
cool ! i am looking for a permanent job . am walking dogs for money on the side
that sounds like its fun i am more of a cat person tho
persona
i wait tables.
my hair is long and brown.
i have a little girl.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i m taking online classes.
persona II
i drive a restored mustang.
i m a college student.
my father is a doctor.
i like action movies.
dialogue
hey there , how goes it ?
whew ! doing homework for my online classes . what about you ?
wow , i am doing the same thing .
haha my little girl is running around making it difficult
my little girl is asleep in bed
i wish mine was sleeping ! so what do you do for a living ?
my father is a surgeon , i don't work right now while in school .
oh that is nice ! i'm a waitress . so what do you look like ?
i have brown hair and eyes . what about you ?
i have long brown hair and blue eyes !
that's pretty cool do you like movies with action ?
of course ! ! ! usually i just spend spare time though gardening . i love roses ! what about you ?
me too . yeah i have a small garden , but i restore classic cars .
that's awesome ! whats your favorite type of car ?
persona
i work too many hours in a week.
i'm always hungry.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i'm insecure.
persona II
i've a passion for politics.
i run two miles everyday.
i played football in college.
i've been married for five years.
i work at a candy store.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
just fine today , and yourself ?
great ! i run miles everyday , so always feeling great !
that's wonderful ! do you feel hungry after ? i do
i've been working at a candy store so i just eat a treat afterwards !
i'm jealous . i work too much , but treat myself with snacks
are you married ? i've been for years so we both work a little .
nope it is just me and my corvette
nice ! i do have love a good political conversation so sometimes we argue .
does that make your husband feel self conscious ?
very much so ! playing football in college made him that way too .
i never played any sports in college . is that how you met ?
no , actually we met at the candy store we both work at
that is so cute ! i'd love to get married
maybe get a job at a candy store ? lol
sounds like a good idea to me !
persona
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my favorite sport is hockey.
my mom is a painter.
i went to japan this summer.
persona II
i am from germany.
my favorite artist was prince.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am great how are you today ?
very good . i'm having a nice day . what did you do today ?
i was house sitting a squad of cats . how about you
i went to school , and did some work when i got home .
my mother is a painter what does yours do
my mother is a tutor . she teaches children to speak spanish .
do you like hockey at all ?
i am more of an intellectual than a sports fan . whats your favorite band ?
one direction , how about you
prince was my fave musician when he was still around . love that guy .
he played damn near every instrument , he was a true genius
true . so sad the he passed away . what are your plans for today ?
my plans are to relax . how about you ?
just going to do some more work . respond to job leads . etc
i hope it all works out in your favor . take care
persona
i'm an only child.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a student.
my favorite color is red.
i've a pet dog.
persona II
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
i've never been to the west coast of the united states.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970s.
i have been to canada two times my entire life.
dialogue
hi , where are you from ?
i am from the usa , where are you from ?
usa , i was on the local news , but not for something illegal
did they interview you or just cover your story ?
interview me , what state are you from ? i ve never been to the west coast
washington state , what state are you from ?
florida . my father used to be a taxi driver in the 70s .
pizza is my favorite food , whats your favorite ?
same , i love pizza . do you like to travel ?
i do not like to travel much . do you have any pets ?
i had a dog , i only like to travel to canada , been there 2 times
i have a dog too , you have a nice day
you too have a nice day
i'll thanks , i hope you make it to the west coast some day
yes , me too , i'd like that
and i hope you get to enjoy more dogs in the future
persona
i have a little sister.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
i like to play soccer.
i have a golden retriever.
my favorite subject in school is math.
persona II
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i'm very good at math and science.
i love computers.
dialogue
hi . my life is very pink
haha mine too since my little sister is around all the time
i wish i had a little sister
do you have any pets ? we have one dog golden retriever
i've 929 pigs and goofballs
oh wow ! are you in high school too ?
no no no no no no
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject .
i ork on self driving cars
oh that is awesome ! sounds like something i'd read about in a book !
what is ork ? i don't know
did you mean work ? do you like to play sports ? i am into soccer quite a bit .
i think so . i like to think logical
i can see that lol . do you like reading ?
oh no ! never ! i like gummy bears
yum ! i like those too , but i like all candy ! glad halloween is soon
persona
my favorite book is the bible.
i am a older gentlemen.
i'm married.
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
persona II
i like meat too much.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
i do the shopping in my house.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
i am fine and my preferred book is the bible . what is your favorite book ?
it depends on my mood
being an older gentleman , i understand . how are you feeling now ?
i'm feeling a bit lazy getting sleepy
i'm a married man . are you married too ?
yes i am married as well
i've a passion for travel . do you travel much ?
i wish i could travel more often
i'm enthusiastic about god . do you love god too ?
yes i do . i'm also trying to cut down on eating so much meat
i eat a reasonable amount of beef , pork and white meat . and you ?
i'm trying to eat more veggies
how come you cannot travel more ?
i am really busy working and it is expensive
do you go to the movies much ?
persona
i am a vegan.
i like to ride my bike.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i work as a vet.
persona II
my favorite singer is justin timberlake.
i enjoy horseback riding.
i'm a full time mom.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
my family and i go camping every month.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am good just miss meat
i tried cooking vegetarian , but my two boys just will not give up meat !
i am vegan now and ride my bike everyday
i would rather be on my horse than on a bike
i am a vet and i work with them
oh that's wonderful ! i'm so glad for people like you
thank you it is hard work but it needs done
i know about hard work . i am full time mom to two rowdy boys !
wow i am a 30 year old woman with no kids
yea , my family is everything to me . i try to take them camping once a month
that's cool i want to go
yea ! you should come ! it will be a blast we can jam out to justin timberlake songs
that sounds like a plan to me
persona
my favorite food is raw onion.
i've long curly hair.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i sew my own clothes.
persona II
i always carry an edged weapon.
i speak six languages.
i once started a forest fire in california.
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
dialogue
how are you doing this fine evening ?
i am good , how are you ?
great . just shining my knife i keep at me at all times
oh . i've been gardening today .
what kind of plants do you have ?
mainly herbs and a few vegetables .
that's great . i love nature but one time i started a fire in a forest
oh , that stinks . what is your favorite food ?
anything at all . i am not picky
i know this is weird , but i love raw onion .
that's weird ! what do you do for work ?
i work at a restaurant . you ?
i do character voices on the radio
oh , that sounds like fun .
it really is . i actually used to work on sesame street too
i bet that was a fun job !
persona
i listen to rock music.
i work for a large company.
i like to eat food.
i drive a fast car.
persona II
i like to cook.
my family owned a small restaurant.
i work 9 to 5 job.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
dialogue
i'm so hungry right now . food is life lol
same here ! i love fast food .
not a fan of fast food , i grew up with my family restaurant food .
nice ! do you like cars ?
i have never given them much thought . what about you ?
i drive a fast one so yes i do . what is your favorite type of music ?
i listen to whatever is on the radio at work . my coworkers usually pick .
what kind of work do you do ? i am currently working for a big company .
i just work a regular 9 to 5 gig , but baking is my goal someday
that is awesome . i love baking . i love to eat sweets .
same ! maybe when i retire i'll finally open my bakery
let me know ! i would love to visit it one day when you do .
do you have any big dreams like that ?
i really like rock music and would enjoy playing in a band one day !
i hope you get there . how cool would that be ?
it would be amazing ! i envy that rockstar lifestyle .
persona
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i've long hair for a boy.
i don't have many friends.
persona II
my sister is a guitarist.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
i can knit.
dialogue
hey whats up
just hanging at home with my pet lizard . what are you up to ?
chilling and knitting . listening to my sis play guitar
that sounds like a lot of fun . what are you knitting ?
i am knitting a blanket in honor or my fave book pride and prejudice
cool . did you take notes in english class today ?
ll what do you mean . i'm the tutor i don't need to take notes
i was drawing during class so i was hoping to get some study notes .
well that's your fault . i'm junna go barefoot in class tomorrow . join me for notes
you are going barefoot ?
yep ! join me lets start a movement . no shoes no problem will be our tagline
don't forget my boyish luscious long hair . we could be the barefoot hair band
persona
i've red hair.
i don't like music.
i've lots of friends.
my name is nick.
i like to ride my scooter.
persona II
i am bald with a thick beard.
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
i enjoy comedies.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
fine and how can i help you ?
just bored and thought i would try to make a friend . do you like comedies ? i do .
yes i liked it very much especially to draw away my hunger .
what are you hungry for ? i'm a partner in a law office . you ?
sorry i meant anger when i need something and cannot get it .
i understand that . i workout when that happens . it helps keep my muscles toned .
but am a lazy ram shackle who likes sitting a lot .
i've no hair and beard but i could be lazy too .
do you trim and shave all of them every time they grow or its natural ?
head is naturally bald , but i do trim my beard weekly .
i love keeping my hair long and average beards not too much of them on me .
nice . in my profession i have to look good and dress to impress .
i see , am a business person and self employed managing other workers .
persona
i love to read and cook.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
i'm a mother.
my favorite food is mexican food.
persona II
i'm six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i love to vacation in paris.
dialogue
hey there how are you ?
i'm a little tired . just got off my nursing shift at the hospital . and you ?
oh bummer i am sorry i am doing fine about to go to paris actually !
wow , that's great . sounds like fun . i am gonna read a little bit before starting dinner .
yeah paris is the best vacation spot even if you are trying to read in a cafe .
i love going to mexico . i love eating mexican food and you cant get anymore authentic .
super true but there aren't many opera halls or things like that there !
i get my kids into cooking at home . we make a lot of mexican dishes here .
how pleasant i do not cook because i am too tall to use anything in my kitchen
oh my , never heard that before . cooking and reading are my favorite .
yeah it just is a pain because everything is made for average sized people .
awe , that's bad . too bad you can't change that .
its unfortunate but a lot of things like my bentley are adjustable so that is a plus
well that is good then . definitely a plus .
i guess its the simple pleasures in life like cooking and paris right
so true . cant ask for anymore , lol .
persona
i am vegan.
i work at the grocery store.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
persona II
i like pizza.
i love shoes.
i like to shop.
i like burritos.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hello , i'm doing good and you ?
good , i'm so excited to go shopping this weekend ! i'm addicted lol .
oh no , i work at a grocery store
i'm not big on grocery shopping but i love shopping for shoes !
i bet you do ! i recently went vegan and i get free groceries at work
awesome ! i couldn't do that . i cannot live without my pizza and burritos !
haha so what do you do for work ?
secretary . kind of boring but it pays the bills . what do you do for fun ?
i volunteer at a local urban farm on my days off
that is nice . sounds like fun .
it really is ! i also help with bookkeeping and give tours in my city
what city do you live in ?
i live in new york
persona
i design jewelry when i have spare time.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
persona II
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
i freeze up in social situations.
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
dialogue
hey ! whats shaking ?
hi there , if you mean am i fine , then yes thank you
i was supposed to be in florida this weekend , but these hurricanes are scary
i know right all i've heard on news lately , scary !
i took off from work already too for it . how was your day
not to bad here , i'm planning to go to a craft show tommorow
nice , i never been . social gatherings make me really nervous
well it gets me and my boyfriend out of the apartment . you'd be fine
you are probably right , how long have you all been dating ?
over 6 months now , do you currently work ?
yup , i'm a pilot . what about you
a pilot , really ? that is cool . i'm a barista at my local coffee shop
i did not think i would be able to become one because i have mild ocd
its good to be obsessive about some things , cleaning comes to mind
persona
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i love romantic comedies.
persona II
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i've 23 cats at home.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
hi , i'm mary . guess how many cats i've .
hello mary , i've no idea . three ?
far more than that . twenty three , actually .
wow . that is a lot of cats , maybe i'll write a poem about that .
please do , that would be fun . i take good care of them .
that has to cost a fortune , i feed my dogs organic , and that gets expensive .
yes , but i can afford it . what are your dogs like ?
they are very protective , and don't like most people .
are they purebreds or mutts ?
do you like italian food ? i've to watch what i eat .
i stick to vegan diet . some italian dishes are good .
who is your favorite musician ? mine is currently ed sheeran .
it is hard to pick one . . . maybe michael jackson .
he's great . i know many do not like him , but he will always be a fave .
yes , definitely very talented . what else do you enjoy ?
rom com movies , what about you ?
persona
i own a home.
my favorite band is korn.
my favorite color is purple.
i love dogs.
i like swimming.
persona II
my cat s name is leroy jenkins.
i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.
my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
i've ink stains on all my shirts.
i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
dialogue
hello my name is alex
hi alex , my name is lucy . just chilling at home , you ?
i'm just chilling with my cat leroy jenkins
oh , you like cats ? i have dogs personally . love my dogs
what kind of dogs do you have ?
a great dane . he roams the house like he owns it , but we both know i do !
haha what is his name ?
his name is korn after my favorite band haha
i love that band too ! !
sometimes i blast them when i swim in my pool . people don't like that
i can understand that . i like to play retro video games
really ? you should come join me for a swim . i love swimming
i love swimming too ! i use to swim alot
really ? i've quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits
yes , professionally but that was back in college . why so many ?
i love purple . its my favorite
persona
we own our home.
i work for a large law firm.
i drive a prius.
my wife stays home with our kids.
persona II
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my parents own a business that i'm now running.
i like fitness.
i am a travel agent.
dialogue
good evening ! guess who i am .
ll hello how are you ?
i'm fine , thanks . just wanted to start the conversation in a fun way .
cool . . . so whats on your mind ?
well , i have been thinking about my life . . . i guess i can say i am fortunate .
how so ? good things must be happening to you .
i get to do what i enjoy . i have a good family . i'm grateful .
i'm a pretty lucky guy myself . nice career and all the perks .
what do you do ? do you like your job ?
i work in law and its demanding but fulfilling .
wow , that is impressive . where did you go to school ?
i went to yale . how about you ?
i got my masters at university of michigan . do you have time for hobbies ?
i love to go fishing and out with the kids .
persona
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i m allergic to cats.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i've one little boy named owen.
i love to have my nails done.
persona II
i love animals , especially dogs.
i like field hockey and soccer.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i get good grades in school.
dialogue
hey hey good morning to you
good morning . how are you ?
i'm well trying to get good grades
cool . i help my son owen with his homework .
do you like animals ? i love them
yes i'm a dog lover .
i want to be a vet i love dogs
that's a great profession .
what kind of sports do you like ?
i love watching hockey . how about you ?
i love that too ! an soccer !
too much running in soccer for me ! any hobbies other than sports ?
just keeping my grades good that's all really .
well that's most important .
yes it is , so what do you do ?
i've been in beauty pageants .
persona
i have a son.
i like going on walks.
my husband works for the government.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
persona II
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am the oldest sibling.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i've four siblings.
dialogue
hey there what are you doing ?
i just got back from a nice long walk with my son . you ?
holidays coming i get to see my family !
that's nice ! are you married ?
no i'm not yet i need to be lol you ?
yes i'm . my husband works for the state government .
my dad always has a story to tell , he's a teacher
teachers have seen it all ! i own a bakery .
i'm the oldest , my little sis is in first grade
i would love to hear one of your dad stories . i really like to laugh .
what you got baking today ?
i'm working on a wedding cake for the weekend .
you gotta come on down
where do you and your family live ?
persona
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
i play a lot of video games.
i am gay but i've not told my parents yet.
persona II
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i'm never still.
dialogue
good morning , i am up and making breakfast while listening to music
yum ! i was just playing a video game . what do you like to do ?
i like to go , go , go lol anything that keeps me on the move
i like to make sketches of different characters .
wow sounds very nice i bet they're beautiful
i think so . i am very literal , so i guess it depends on your perspective .
yea well its like fixing a plane , it takes hard work to be great
yep . so , are you married ?
only to my vinyl and trying to fix this beautiful world we live in
ahahah ! me neither . i've got a close relationship with a friend , but haven't told my parents .
well maybe that will lead to something nice
my parents wo not be happy because he's the same sex .
maybe they will you have just got to give them a chance and be patient
i am sure it will be rough for awhile . especially with my father .
persona
my favorite actor is robert denaro.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
i am saving for college.
i love the snow.
persona II
i live in the usa.
i was born 20 years ago.
my favorite color is blue.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i love pizza.
dialogue
hello ! ! ! how are you tonight ?
i am doing good just came from working the graveyard at a hotel
sorry , but that doesn't sound so great .
yes i know but i've to save money for college
my love the color blue . . it matches my mood .
my favorite color is white just like snow
i am blue , because i was born male , then transitioned to female 3 years ago .
that is good that you transitioned why would you feel blue ?
just lots of different emotions to deal with . i'm only 20 .
yes understandable but you have to be happy with who you are
the part of the usa that i live in isn't very accepting . i'm working through it .
no matter what anyone thinks you can be and do whatever makes you happy
but i do love a good pizza . that makes me happy .
lol sounds good i think everyone does
persona
my husband and i have a suicide pact.
i love agatha christie novels.
i spend most of my days working at my church s food pantry.
i have 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
persona II
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a cat named jasper.
i am a vegan.
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
dialogue
hello how are you ? ?
i'm fine ; just finished an agatha christie novel . how are you ?
good , just became a vegan
how is that going ? we don't have many vegans here .
it is ok , what is your favorite color
purple . i've 5 children ; only 3 of them are alive .
you must save a ton on childcare
ha ha , well , if all else fails , my husband and i have a suicide pact .
that sounds amazing , wish i had a woman like that
just keep looking you'll find her . not married ?
no , can not seem to keep a good woman
i am sorry . i work in the church pantry , look in there !
church girls are probably trouble
preacher kids are the worst . what do you do for work ?
i garden , i love roses
that's nice . roses are lovely .
persona
i've a cat named leela.
my car is pink.
i make videos about makeup.
i am a youtuber.
my dad is an airline pilot.
persona II
i've several different breeds of pets.
i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
dialogue
what have you been up to today ?
so far i have been playing with my cat leela
i love animals . i've cats , dogs , rabbits , and birds
wow you should put them on you tube . i'm a youtuber by hobby
great . i can also film some of the wildlife i see every day
i make makeup videos in my spare time too
that is cool . i go to the shelter and visit animals during mine
i love animals . i wish i could have a lot
i'm obsessed . i watch them on youtube too
yes there are a lot of videos with animals
yes , tons . and all sorts of other things too
is the animal shelter where you are a good size ?
yes it is huge . i love visiting it
one of my hobbies is traveling
where would you like to travel to ?
my dad is a pilot he flys me places
persona
i'm a deaf man.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
i love to read books.
my favorite number is 7.
i never learned how to drive.
persona II
i'm divorced.
i'm a nurse.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
i enjoy reading.
i work in the emergency room.
dialogue
hello , how is your day going so far ?
it is going well ! how are you ?
getting ready for work . no sundays off for me . i'm an er nurse .
oh wow that is impressive . must be an extremely difficult job .
it is , but rewarding . what do you do for a living ?
i am a student currently . i am deaf is it is difficult .
that is really admirable that you are continuing your education .
thank you , i love reading so studying is a breeze .
i love reading too ! what is your favorite book ?
honestly , my favorite book has to be of mice and men . how about you ?
to kill a mockingbird . i like the themes .
i like that one also both of these i read in grade school .
persona
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i always put my left sock on first.
spiders scare the life out of me.
persona II
i'm a stay at home mom.
i enjoy a good run.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i like things in organized.
dialogue
i was just here before going out to enjoy some running .
oh that sounds good i love to run also
as long as things are organized , i really enjoy running .
me too i just can't go to high altitudes i've a condition
i do too , but being a mom who is home all day really helps .
yes that is true i work from home
then it sounds like you love cooking .
yes i do what about you ?
cooking is great ! i love it , baking is not fun though .
love both my mom use to do it and worked two jobs
then i should go running with her , i really enjoy it .
that sounds great she would love that . whats your hobbies ?
persona
i love to travel with my family.
my dog is a collie.
i love to snack between meals.
my favorite type of music is country.
persona II
i travel every year to disney world.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i like to read true crime novels.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
exhausted , i just got back from two weeks in california with my family
how did that go for you ?
oh it was awesome , i just have so much unpacking etc . . . how are you
that's good , i live there . i am doing ok .
really ? what part ? we went to long beach
near rancho cucamonga ? did you see the ships and fish aquariums ?
oh yes , the aquarium is one of our favorites
cool , i travel to disney land every year .
we went last year ! it never gets old . its rough leaving our collie though
it really doesn't . well its good to have someone take care of that .
yeah we have to leave her with my mom , but she's our baby
that's good , do you like to read ?
i love to read , what about you ?
yes i enjoy reading true crime novels .
like ann rule ? i have read those , love anything with mystery or thrillers
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love meat.
i love to paint pictures.
i've a new job selling cars.
persona II
i prefer reading to sports.
my family comes first to me.
i sometimes drive fast.
i am a gentle giant.
i have survived near death experiences.
dialogue
i hate watching sports but love to dead it
the way i love pizza
i really love my family but sometimes i drive fast to a pizza parlor
i eat it while i sale cars
can you do it to me but i'm big and gentle and i almost died .
i really really like hot dogs
why what breed is your dogs and why is it hot ?
i don't know i paint sometimes
you paint your dogs sometime ? but why ?
maybe it is my love for meat
so you are a dog eater when did it start ?
i was taught by my wife
that is good would like to try that someday .
you should try your black cat
i don't like it i am not like you i feel bad when i do that
do you like pets ?
persona
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i live with my paps and grandma.
i've a brown belt in karate.
i sing in the school chorus.
persona II
i used to be in the marines.
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i m a vegetarian.
i work as a bartender.
dialogue
hi how are you . i just came back from my bartending shift . what are you doing
just practicing my karate . wanna fight ?
i'd rather not . do you have a belt in karate ?
oh . i'm a brown belt . that made me so sad .
oh i am sorry about that , why are you sad ?
you didn't want to fight me .
i cannot fight anymore . nowadays i prefer reading quietly
would you read to me ? i would like that
sure , what kind of books do you like ?
no , i want you to read your favorite book to me .
i don't have any favorite books , i just read when i've nothing to do .
oh . i am sure my paps has a favorite i'll ask him . .
do you live with your father and any other members of your family ?
my paps and his wife . my grandma .
sounds like a nice family , what do you do for work ?
i just go to school . my paps cares more about his mushrooms than me
persona
i like vintage furniture.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
favorite band is the beetles.
i have a large cd collection.
persona II
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
i live in california.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am awesome ! how are you ?
i am good . just got done eating some spaghetti .
sweet ! i am jamming out to the beetles ! my favorite !
i like music okay , but i love to read .
reading is an awesome hobby . i'm into collecting stamps ! .
where do you live ? i am in california .
i am a texas gal ! and i am all about that bass , because i play it .
oh cool . i just bought a chevy camaro last week .
nice ! can you recommend any good music ? i need to add to my large cd collection .
i'm not that in to music .
bummer . hey i've to go ! talk to you later .
it was nice chatting with you .
on second thought , i thought i was done , but apparently i am not .
persona
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.
i m a profesional translator.
i m currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
persona II
i have a missing pinky toe.
i enjoy swimming.
i have 4 dogs.
i don't like green eggs and ham.
dialogue
hi , i am randell i have 4 bearded collies
hi randell . i am working on my first book . hoping to be published
that's awesome ! good luck . my kid read green eggs and ham and reciting the lines
i could translate that book into german . its my current job
awesome . do you like to swim ? because like to swim
not really . do you swim competitively ?
no more like as an exercise thing
cool . what do you do for work ?
i'm an electronics technician .
do you fix computers ?
in some ways i can depending how extensive the damage is .
do you like it ? i was never that into my career so i quit
it pays the bills and puts food on the table .
i wanted to find my passion that's why i write
that is awesome keep up with your passion . it will be satisfying in the end
i'm hoping to find success before the end of the year !
persona
i try to limit how much i eat.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
i hate paying my bills.
i don't have a job and sit on the couch all day.
persona II
i like collecting rocks.
i love huge paintings.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love zumba.
i love the smell of beans.
dialogue
don't mind me just admiring my huge rock collection ! hi
hi ! i just adopted a new puppy and he likes to take all my attention .
puppies are so needy , unlike rocks . that's why i only deal with inanimate objects
yeah , but they're good company . . . even if they can be a big money investment .
did you get a poodle ? no , let me guess . . . a chihuahua ?
no way ! too small ! i like bigger dogs . a golden retriever
so cute , you should name her . . . crystal my favorite rock !
i named him rory . . . . i like doctor who .
bah , whatever . do you collect things , ever ? like perhaps little figurines ?
i used to , not so much any more . do you collect a lot of things ?
i loooooove collecting all sorts of things , including dragon ball z bobble heads
i would rather sit on the couch all day then collect that . to each their own
persona
i'm a hippie.
i drive a large , blue van.
i have two tattoos.
i love to recycle.
persona II
i have a masters degree.
my favorite color is purple.
i love to swim , and began at a young age.
i'm a female.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
hi ! i am good , thanks , how are you ?
i'm good . just thinking about painting my room purple . how about you ?
thinking about getting another tattoo . i already have two
awesome ! what you think about getting ?
maybe the recycling logo ? since recycling is my thing
nice . maybe i should get a small swimmer tattoo since i love swimming .
that would be so cool !
yes . i think you talked me into it . i have swam since i was three .
wow ! i am more of a just driving person , haha . i drive a big blue van
should be in nascar . better than a masters in education .
i might be too much of a hippie for either , haha
must be a fun lifestyle then . could teach me a thing or two .
whats your lifestyle like ?
typical female educator . get hit on a lot by teenage boys . its awkward .
geez , that must make work awkward sometimes
persona
i am a casual dresser.
my favorite band is nirvana.
my car needs some repairs.
i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
persona II
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i am good , just listening to nirvana . how about you ?
music is nice seen drake in concert last night
i wanted to see drake but my car isn't running too well .
hope it gets better . just about to cook .
what do you like to cook ?
like to cook pasta . listen to music while i cook
that sounds good . i am a waitress , i serve food
fun good tips and spare time l am in a band
oh wow , that must be fun . nirvana is my favorite but i like all
drake is better though some rap artist is still good
that's true , what kind of band are you in
just like to beat on the drums to ease my mind
that is probably relaxing for you . loud but whatever works for ya
thank you and sure does relaxing is nice
i'm pretty relaxed , i always dress casually
persona
i sleep 8 hours.
i use the computer all day.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i have a cat named jasper.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
dialogue
hi . how are you this evening ?
i'm going to bed soon . like to be well rested
i should probably be asleep but i took a nap this afternoon .
that's awesome ! glad you are well rested
i am glad you are glad . have any pets ?
yes , i have a dog . do you ?
i have a cat . he is a being a jerk right now .
my mother watches my grandmother . i am glad that the dog is there
so what do you do for fun ?
sorry . cats are funny sometimes
yeah , i've a laser pointer and i tease him .
i like to see movies
i've not been to the movie theater in a long time .
have a good night
you too my good buddy .
nice talking to you
persona
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
i love cooking !.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
my mother is from greece.
persona II
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i do the shopping in my house.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
hi there ! i am good . how are you ?
okay , i am trying to eat healthy , but it is so hard . pork is my weakness .
that would be hard for me ! i really enjoy cooking .
i do too , i'd love to be a vegetarian .
i used to be ! six years then i was pregnant craved meat .
meat is amazing , lol . bacon is my downfall .
yes ! bacon is life ! lol !
it sure is . i do not like veggies at all
my dad is from india so we eat a lot of indian dishes .
i have never had indian food .
it is really good ! my mom grew up in greece .
i'm an american and so are my parents .
where are you ? i live in florida . i love to swim too !
i am in vegas with my husband at a police softball tourney .
that sounds fun ! i hope they win
persona
i shop online a lot.
i care about the way i look when i'm in public.
i always think people are looking at me.
persona II
i've a daughter.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i'm a great cook.
i am under 6 feet tall.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hi there ! good thanks . you ?
wonderful . just spending some time in the kitchen with the kiddo today .
sounds fun . . . i'm crusing ebay and amazon atm
oh looking for anything good ? i just bought some gourmet sauce pans last week , haha .
mostly computer upgrade stuff and clothes
nice , nice . have any hobbies ? job ?
i work as a travel agent , i guess my hobby is fashion and shopping p
we are considering visiting paris but i hear they are obsessed with cheese . yuck .
paris , cheese . . . yup . what do you do for work ?
i sometimes help a family friend in her restaurant , but i prefer cooking at home .
cool , i used to be a cook in college . what kind of restaurant ?
persona
i'm an athlete.
i visit india often.
my favorite color is blue.
i want to be an explorer.
i do not like my job.
persona II
i smoke a pipe.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i ve been married five times.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
not good . just got back from my trip to and have to return to my job
oh i'm sorry . where do you live ?
i live in the us , but india is my favorite place . i go there often
i live in chicago . i'm a bar owner . are you married ?
my favorite bar is called blue . i go there with my athlete group
are you married ? i have been married a few times . 5 to be exact .
no , too busty exploring my options . pros of being an athlete
tell me 2 interesting things about you .
blue is my favorite color , and i would love to be an explorer !
i am a pipe smoker and in 3rd grade was the winner of my spelling bee .
you smoke a pipe in 3rd grade ? do your parents know ?
not in 3rd grade ! your funny . what is your favorite food ?
haha , phew ! i'm glad to hear that . i like lean foods . athletes diet
i eat a lot of vegetables and protein . my favorite food is eggplant .
eggplant is probably my least favorite food , but i guess someone has to eat it haha
persona
i love dark clothes.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love cold weather.
i love non gmo foods.
persona II
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
i love to drive my car.
i like watching ufc fights.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi i am good how are you ?
i am doing well . thanks just got off work
what do you do for work ?
a factory making reptile tanks
i actually have two jobs both as a cashier .
do you have any downtime ? i like seeing the ufc fights
sometimes . i like to see the red hot chili peppers . they are my favorite .
their bass player is the best !
i agree ! i love that the weather is getting colder .
i like the cooler weather so i can drive with my sunroof open
me too ! i love wearing dark clothes !
my brother does too . do you like to travel
sometimes . but i find it hard to eat while traveling . i don't like gmo foods .
that's understandable i go to many different places i love different zoos
animals are cool . what is your favorite zoo ?
persona
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i want to write a book before i die.
i am excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i'm an adult.
persona II
i have 5 kids.
i'm great with babies.
i love new gadgets.
i love to draw.
i love to socialize.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i am well i want to go shoot pool i am awesome !
i've lots of kids , so that's kind of hard to do !
i want to go to egypt an see pyramids
i would love to be able to draw the pyramids ! they are so pretty !
i can show you i'm a middle school art teacher
ahahah how ironic . i mainly draw my kids and husband
i still like unicorns even though i am grown lol
same . i'm convinced they're out there somewhere
most def , i want to make a book before i die
that's exciting ! i love gadgets , so i am always tinkering
i want it to be about my crazy life .
persona
my newest car is a chevy.
i work at a power plant.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i live in california.
i like to eat spaghetti.
persona II
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am doing great ! got a new chevrolet pretty recently .
very cool ? brand new or used ?
thankfully my job at the power plant afforded me the means to buy new .
very nice ! i'm currently a college student . hope to be a teacher soon
outstanding ! we need more teachers . i bet you do a lot of reading . i love reading .
yes , lots of reading . although it is mostly for school and not pleasure
gosh , reading is my favorite ! too expensive to do much else here in california .
i'd just hang out outside if i lived there
i've eaten too much spaghetti in my day . i prefer the coolness of my house !
do you ever travel for fun ?
sometimes . i work a lot so it is hard to get away .
i understand . i love travelling , i'm not originally from america so i like going home
where are you from originally ?
persona
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
i broke my arm skiing once.
although i ski down high hills , i have a fear of heights.
my hair is a reddish brown.
persona II
i am an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
i've 3 cats.
i love dancing.
dialogue
hi , hows your day going ?
really good thanks . how is yours ?
great , planning my next trip .
oh cool . where are you going ?
italy . its my second time . what do you like to do ?
i love italy . i go there to ski every year . holiday ?
i wish i could take my cats with me though .
i could never be a cat , i'm scared of heights !
ll me too . i'm the only child so i had to get cats .
lol my family is quite big but they are supportive
that's awesome , i would love that .
its not so great when you break your arm though
persona
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i love dragons.
persona II
i sometimes write poetry.
i like to skate.
i sing in a punk band.
i want to visit the uk.
my favorite color is black.
dialogue
hello there how are you this evening ?
hi ! i'm doing well , thank you , now that my grandbaby is sleeping .
that is always a blessing , was it a long day ?
very . i have an hour long commute , on a good day .
that's hard work , do you travel ? i want to go to uk
i do , i travel a lot for work , currently preparing for a trip to china .
oh that will be an adventure . do you have hobbies ?
i do photography , what do you do ?
writing poetry and skate boarding when i have time . i'm also in a band
that is very cool . what type of music ?
punk . i'm the singer . our band color is black that's my fav .
black is my fave too . do you know who the goo goo dolls are ?
i sure do . i think they're pretty good .
they were popular when i was in highschool .
lol funny how the time flies would you not say ?
i'd , i feel much older than my 44 years .
persona
i hate fast food.
i know how to play the guitar.
i am an avid fisherman.
i like to race go carts.
persona II
i have three great danes.
i'm a weightlifter.
i love the all american rejects.
i run marathons.
i despise sweet potatoes.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hi . . i just had some mcdonald . . hate eating that junk
me too . . . i usually eat vegetables , except nasty sweet potatoes
sweat potatoes can be great with cod . i love to fish
fishing is fun . do you have any pets ?
no pets but i've a band . i'm the lead guitarist
cool , so you love music then ?
yep . . that and racing go carts
fun . i like racing too . mostly running though
do you prefer jigging or running
i like both , but i do marathons so its more jogging
wow . . . i can't do that . i enjoy relaxing and fishing
relaxing is definitely ver nice
i guess you keep away from fast food like me
persona
i like cartoons.
i listen to death metal.
my mom is a janitor.
i am in college.
i still live at home.
persona II
i grew up homeschooled.
i've a hard time feeling connected with people.
i take my emotions out through art.
i care deeply about animals.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
dialogue
hello . how was your day today ?
good good , i just got done watching the new rick and morty have ya seen it ?
rick and morty ? never heard of that one . what type of movie is it ?
oh its this awesome cartoon on tv , comes on every sunday night . so anything new with you ?
its always something new with everyone . way to much to type about
very true , college just began for me . time does fly
i've been watching animal planet since i got in from work . is this your first year ?
its my second but animal planet is way better haha
i doubt it ! i love watching the animals and learning their ways
true story my turtles love death metal music
do they actually bob their heads to the music ?
bob no , extend and look around yes . got any pets ?
yes one shih tzu named bently
bently is a great name . gonna name my dog pickle when i get one
pickle . . . . . hahahahahaha . are you seriously ?
i'd laugh all the time , be like whos a good pickle . you are !
persona
i'm a professional bowler.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i work at an insurance firm.
i'm divorced and looking to date.
persona II
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i'm from sterling heights , michigan.
i work part time at aldi s.
my favorite movie is titanic.
dialogue
hello , about myself , my 2 kids are girls one is 2 and the other is 6
i do not have any kids but i'm divorced
i'm sorry to hear about the divorce , where are you from ?
it is okay . i'm ready to date now . i'm from texas
okay nice ! i am from sterling heights in michigan . where do you work ?
i work in insurance . it isn't fun but it pays the bills
insurance is something we will always need , mine is aldi its parttime
aldi is such a great company to work for . they care about their employees
that is very true ! i enjoy it ! what movies do you like to watch ?
i sometimes watch classics with my grandma during the week . you ?
i like the titanic its my favorite ! i will never let go its a movie line , oxymoron
titanic is a great one . always makes me weep tears
yeah its sad , because right after she said it she let his cold hand go
i think she meant it metaphorically . but it was awkward .
persona
my brothers work with me.
i work all the time.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
i drive a nice car.
my family is very important to me.
persona II
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i've sandy brown hair and green eyes.
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
dialogue
hey how is it going , what you do for fun
i am hard worker because i am proud about my job
that is great , do not hear that often , i read scifi stuff , love it !
i also work with my brother it is fun
what kind of job do you have ?
i value working with my family it is important
what industry are you and your family into
i manage a restaurant , and drive a nice looking car
that is awesome speaking of food i eat a tuna salad everyday
i spent time working most of the time
i eat alot of gummy worms , alot of them , i need work more
we have tuna salad sandwich on our menu it is really good
i would love to try that
what about gummy bears ?
persona
i live in upstate new york.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
i love to take road trips.
i live with my husband and two children.
persona II
i like to go fishing.
i m learning to play the guitar.
i work at the deli counter.
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
dialogue
hi there how are you doing
i'm fine traffic was a nightmare but that is new york for you
i'm doing fishing and catching fish
i'm in finance as a coordinator
i play guitar not that great yet
i take road trips with my family alot
do you like sandwich and what music you want
i love po boys and i listen to classic rock
do you know jimi hendrix ?
yes i met my husband at his show back in highschool we have 2 kids now
wow , that s so cool , i want that
sad that all good musicians keep dying off
what music is your favorite ?
i have secret crush on sebastian bach
i really love jimi hendrix
my husband likes joan jett
persona
i prefer to live where the weather s cold.
i m really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
i m deathly terrified of heights.
winter s my favorite time of the year.
persona II
i have red hair.
i like to ride my scooter.
i don t like music.
i've lots of friends.
dialogue
what are you up to this fine day ?
i am working on reports
what kind of reports are you working on ?
police reports and the weather is cold
ah , okay . as long as you don't report me for riding my scooter
i would never do that i like scooters
cool ! so what do you look like ?
i've blue eyes and blonde hair
you sound nice looking . i am a ginger !
awww i've always wanted to be a ginger
it isn't all it is cracked up to be !
i am so scared of tall buildings
heights are scary . the only think i do not like is music
i love music mostly pop rock
ew . i just don't like it . music is annoying
no its awesome so good to listen too
persona
i am not much of a fan of hot weather.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i would travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
persona II
i want to be an explorer.
i visit india often.
my favorite color is blue.
i do not like my job.
i am an athlete.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i just got back from india , where i go often
hello . india is way too hot . i'm not a fan lol
do you like cold weather ?
i bit . reminds me of the holidays with friends and family .
do you have a big family ? what do you do ?
i do have a big family . i am an editor . what do you do ?
athlete , but what i really want to be is an explorer ! do you like your job ?
i love it . get to read a lot of books , which is my passion
wonderful ! whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
mine is green . i just think of all the places i could travel
do you travel a lot ? that would be great !
i wish i could , but work keeps me local . tell me more about yourself
persona
i wear contacts.
i'm very smart.
i love to drink whiskey.
i love the outdoors.
i work as a janitor.
persona II
i am allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hi there , i am great thanks , just enjoying some whiskey here , you ?
playing a game in my iphone 7
nice . i love playing games on my phone but it always irritates my contacts
i love my iphone 7 its the best
right on . does it get a good signal ? i like going hiking a lot
yes it does . although i should of gotten the iphone 7 plus
i like iphones but i had to be smart and buy an android free apps !
that is true , i hate seafood , i'm allergic
oh really ? do you get sick ?
yes , i sure would like a hot chocolate right now with this cold
oh yeah , i clean an office building for work and they get that powder everywhere !
my dad does the same for 11 hours a day
oh yeah ? he is a janitor ? right on ! we clean the world p
persona
my nickname is bubblegum.
i'm plotting on taking over the world.
i've found the cure for the common cold.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
persona II
i like to ride horses.
i'm argentinian.
i like to wear boots.
i like to eat beef.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
there'sn'thing i love more than plotting to take over the world
are you watching cartoons ? i like horses .
i like horses too . death , famine , war , and pestilence are my favorites !
do you like to eat meat ?
my nickname is bubblegum because all i eat is bubblegum . . . o
are you from the planet uranus ? i'm from planet earth
i share the legendary red haired gene with my brother . i'm actually from saturn
i love redheads ! i like to put on some boots and eat ham
care for some green eggs with your ham ?
do they have hair on them ? the eggs . .
lolol no not my hair , at least . i can put some on if you'd like ! xd
sure sprinkle some of that goodness on them
last night i discovered that my fiery red hair can actually cure the common cold !
persona
i love dogs.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
persona II
my grandpa was in wwii.
i don't know how to swim.
i own a chevy tahoe.
my favorite food is steak.
dialogue
hello ! how nice to meet you .
nice to meet you too . . where are you from
i'm originally from germany , although i grew up in florida .
how is the whether related to irma ?
it is a little scary because it is unpredictable . plus , flooding scares me ! where are you located
i am frm boston ma
i visited there once , i bought my car there . do you work in boston too ?
yaa . . i live in marlboro
oh neat ! i have a friend out there who brags about the amazing steak houses
yaa . . its really good here
what do you enjoy doing for fun
driving . . and going into the nature
i enjoy driving too ! it runs in my family
hm . . interesting . . i drove the whole country
persona
i cook well.
i can speak three languages.
i like to bike.
my mother is a teacher.
i love being in nature.
persona II
i am fascinated with ghosts.
i love 80s music.
i am a wedding planner.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? ghosts are cool , aren't they ?
hi i am trucker , and i love cooking
great ! are you good ? professional cook ? do you like cooking for bigger crowds ?
i love to do it . i know spanish , latin and french
great ! i asked , because i plan weddings and maybe i could have used you .
i would love to do it . i'm a nature lover and i love to bike
nice ! so many languages ? where are you from ? what do you do ?
i'm us . how about you ?
me too , us . what music do you like ?
my mom teaches kids in school . she wants me to do teaching too .
but what do you want ? when i was little , i saw myself as an architect .
i like jazz , rap . how about you ?
i'm into music from the 80s
i want to become a chef
my advise it to pursue your passions ! good luck !
will do definitely . thank for the support .
persona
i would like to spend more time with my family.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
persona II
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
i like the color purple.
i drive a fast sports car.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi i'm great and you ?
i am good why do you use caps lock ?
sorry ! it was a mistake
oh that's okay life is mistakes
life is a mistake is a big statement new friend . why life is a mistake ?
because i owe way too much in credit cards
oh now i understand ! hopefully you pay them off .
yeah maybe i will keep spending instead
you are very funny , you know .
i appreciate that thank you
well , you are welcome ! i like talking to funny people .
that is nice what is your favorite color ?
i'dn't say i have a favorite color because it depends , i'll say purple .
mine is also purple , like prince
oh wow ! great . we have a good chemistry here .
persona
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
persona II
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i enjoy travel.
dialogue
hii how are you doing to night ?
hi how are you today
iam doing good ! i work in pizza shop
do you enjoy making that dough ?
yes are you like eating food ?
sometimes do you like music
what is your favourite dish ?
i do not really have one do you
yes i like music daily 1 are 2 hours i listen are you ?
yeah i love punk music a lot
oh ! ok i too i do not have one . what is your hobbies ?
i just work at the gas station
i like to play football are you like football ?
i like ballet much more
persona
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
i joined a new team last month.
i am a goalie.
persona II
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my best friend lives in a big city.
i go visit them sometimes.
i work at a grocery store.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
dialogue
hello ! do you live in the city or the country ?
i live in both sides , coz i love soccer
that's in the city ? my friend lives in an urban area . i like to visit .
very convenient to buy my favorite cleats nike
you cannot buy them at my store , unfortunately . it is only for groceries .
42 is my number , goalie goalie
awesome ! my hobby is gardening .
a matter of fact i just joined a brand new team
which team is that ? a school team ? my mother works at a school .
which school is your mom teaching ?
i always forget the name of it . she's a social worker .
my sister is a social worker , that s awesome
oh , wow ! that's awesome !
i know right , they are awesome
most definitely . it takes a special kind of person to do that job .
definitely , the skills they have can really help in the community
persona
my name is mary.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
persona II
i like to watch anime.
i like being weird.
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like cats.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you doing ?
i'm tired , from all this studying . how are you ?
i feel the same way . do you have pets ? i have cats and dogs .
i have one cat named sunny
that is a good name . do you like television ? i enjoy anime .
i don't get to watch tv as much because i am a fulltime student
what do you do for fun ?
i love to play video games . what about you ?
i like video games too . what is your favorite video game ?
i like playing halo four
do you play on xbox for ps4 ?
i've an xbox but not a ps4
me too . i cannot wait for the next wrestling video game to come out .
what do you do for work ?
persona
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
my mother met elvis.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
persona II
i make 35 million a year.
i play for the washington wizards.
i went to college in maryland.
i am a professional basketball player.
i live in ahuge mansion.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
pretty good . just hanging out by the pool
fun ! i have a pretty big pool . wish i got to use it more
that's awesome . i love any type of water . the ocean is my favorite
i live by the ocean in a huge mansion !
i am so jealous . i've a tiny apartment that i got when i was 14
how old are you now ? you in college ?
i am 21 now , and on my last year of school
cool . i went to school in maryland . you like bask
what is bask ? i do not know what that's
i meant to say basketball ! haha
lol . . no i'm not very sporty . i prefer watching cartoons
you heard of the washington wizards ? i play professionally for them
wow ! are you famous ? my mom saw elvis but i never knew a famous person
persona
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
persona II
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i have pink hair.
i am allergic to bees.
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i'm the youngest of five.
dialogue
dude , the description is actually me , how do they knowwwwww .
droopy , he is a beagle , that's what i call him , he is a beagle .
where are you from ? i am from mi
you can watch obama on youtube now , i enjoy that !
are you really a robot
adobe acrobat ? , no , i use only third party apps thankyou very much
why , in the night sky , are the lights hung ? can we please talk like real people ? ?
shrimp , barbeque sauce , yes , love it , that is for dipping !
what color is your hair ?
chatruse . eating pumpkins is the second most enjoyable way i use them !
ew that is so gross . pumpkins are nasty .
yes , i can enjoy these pumpkins , very nasty !
persona
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
persona II
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
i am starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i love riding roller coasters.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
dialogue
hows it going person
its good thanks for asking
do you like watching action adventure movies because i sure do
yes i do as well
and i like popcorn with goobers and soda pop , it makes me feel manly
lol how old are you ?
i am 38 and yes i do live with my mom ? i am starting an internship next week
do you live with your dad too ?
no my dad left us when i was five , my mother raised me since then
oh i am sorry to hear
why do you say , oh ? ha , just messing with you , i love two things in life
and what are those two things ?
my mom and riding roller coaster man , they're the bees knees
what city are you from ?
persona
i've 5 grandchildren.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
i am a 70 year old man.
i live alone in a cabin.
i own a boat.
persona II
i can speak four languages fluently.
i work as a plumber.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i'm an award winning th member.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
dialogue
hello , i am fluent in four different languages , pick one
that is neat ! i pick german .
i'm the best bilingual plumber you'll meet , except german
ha ! i have been around for 70 years now and never learned another language
i can do impressions of celebrities as well
well , sounds like you wear many hats . any hobbies ?
i won award as a 4h honorary member
sounds cool . show any animals ?
only my son , when i volunteer in his boy scout super troop
boy scouts . i learned how to fish in boy scouts . best years of my life .
mine too , i am having an affair with the troop leader
that is horrible . why would you do that .
he just doesn't know yet , he invisible
where about do you live ?
south texas , near the alamo
i live in a cabin by the lake . love taking the boat out !
persona
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
i am a mother of 2 daughters.
i m a people person.
my husband works at a telecom.
but i m a frustrated driver.
persona II
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
i love going to concerts.
i'm a librarian.
dialogue
what are you doing right now ?
i just got back from a day of mountain climbing
oh really ? that's a great way to exercise
it really is , and it is great for practicing focus
i love the indoors though . my job is a librarian
i love the library ! i take my kids all the time
that is so great . you are a good parent .
thanks ! what type of library do you work at ?
it is located in pittsburgh . it is gigantic
do you have a special section you work in
i'm at the front desk typically
you must get to talk to people at lot ! that would be great !
it really is . i love doing that , and volunteering with animals in my free time
that sounds nice , at the spca ?
yes that is it ! they're so wonderful
do you have a family
persona
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i like watching ufc fights.
persona II
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i like folk music.
dialogue
hello , friend ! tell me about yourself .
hello ! i was just watching the ufc fights love connor mcgregor !
cool ! i've never seen one of those , but the advertisements were everywhere
yeah . i am thinking about taking a trip because i love to travel
me too ! especially hiking vacations . last spring i fell in love with the appalachian trail
beautiful area . i have been working in a factory for years and want to quit
chase your dream ! my marketing job isn't doing much for me either
yes chasing your dream is good advice
climb every mountain . . . for me , the mountains are the dream haha
sound of music ? good movie
yes ! i love music too mostly folk music . you ?
when i'm driving my car i love listening to country music
that sounds like a good vibe
yeah makes you wanna drive fast sometimes
persona
i do not like vegetables.
my favorite store is american eagle.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
i love to go running.
persona II
i love to surf.
i am a vegetarian.
i love pandas.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i am starting a new juicing bar.
dialogue
hey , i am jill . whats up ?
hi jill ! i am tom , nothing much . what about you ?
just got back from surfing . its a beautiful day here today . is it where you are ?
cool ! its pretty miserable here . rain , rain and more rain !
oh no , that's terrible ! hopefully things are better than just the weather there
yeah , its all good otherwise ! so what are your hobbies ?
well , besides surfing i like reading on the beach . i love the beach ! almost always there
cool ! i love the beach too , i go running there quite often .
do you run often ? i'm a health nut , always exercising and eating healthy
yes , every morning ! i try and eat healthy but i'm not a fan of vegetables .
cool ! oh man , i'm a vegetarian , veggies are all i know ! lol
haha , i do enjoy fruit though !
persona
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
i am not a basketball player though.
i am almost 7 feet tall.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'd like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
persona II
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonald.
i like rock music.
dialogue
hey man whats up ? i am gerald
hey there gerald . i am leo . hows your day going ?
kinda sucks . had to work a double shift at mcdonald today
damn that sounds awful . how long have you worked there ?
bout 4 years . shoulda gone to college instead of playing basketball all day
ah well whats done is done . are you good at basketball then ?
made all state senior year . you play any sports nigga ?
wow , impressive . nah , i am almost seven foot but i actually suck at basketball .
well , what are you into then ?
computers and music . i actually work for ibm in chicago . music is a hobby .
dank bro . i got a rock band myself
really ? damn i am a fan of rock myself . who your favorite band ?
my own , lol . we are called the renegade angels
sick name . i'm more into classic rock . the stones are my favorite .
persona
yellow is my favorite color.
i love the game halo.
i like to read.
i love to workout.
persona II
i'm in debt.
i drive a bmw.
i have a lot of friends.
i'm single.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? what types of things do you like to do ?
i am good how are you ? i like things like halo , reading , and working out .
i am good too . do you like to get together with friends ?
no i do not , my favorite color is yellow , do you have a favorite color ?
umm , i guess it would be blue , the color of my bmw
you have a bmw ? do you like to drive
yep , i can take you out sometime if you want !
that would be great ! do you like to workout ?
not really , but i would be willing to try anything my friends like !
awesome we should go sometime . do you like video games ?
i do not know , i have never played it .
what really ? we should do that sometime .
okay , that would be great ! is it a date ?
it is . i'll mark it on my calendar . i cannot wait !
that sounds great ! especially since it will be free .
haha the best things in life are free !
persona
i collect little figurines.
i've a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
persona II
i have a gambling problem.
i love to go hiking.
i'm fluent in spanish.
i love talking on the phone.
i always eat my vegetables.
dialogue
hello , whats going on today ?
not much . how was your weekend ? i went to some antique stores .
pretty good ! i went hiking to get my mind off my gambling problem . love the outdoors !
i hang out with my cat to clear my mind .
cats are great . what is your cats name ?
his name is tony . do you have pets ?
yes , i've two cats . sam and olivia .
really that is great ! i only have one but i collect cat figures too .
are you really into cats ?
not really i just started collecting ugly cats i see in antique stores .
ll , what do you do for a living ?
i am a scientist . how about you ?
i teach high school spanish .
that sounds cool . i was always terrible at spanish .
persona
i cannot drive.
i'm on a diet.
i am thirty two years old.
i've been married eight years.
i'm a house wife.
persona II
i hate running.
my favorite color is orange.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i am married with kids.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
pretty tired , but ok . how are you ?
same , lol . the indians kept me up last night at least they won .
rolltribe ! ! i'm a big indians fan !
me too , lol . i hated baseball until i met my husband . now even our kids love it .
i was raised in a baseball house . converted my husband to a baseball fan !
mine was any and all forms of racing .
very nice . how long have you been married ?
twenty years . we married young .
that's awesome . i have been married for 8 . we got married young too .
i prefer it this way , it gives us more time together .
that's exactly my thought . i'm 32 , but i'm happy knowing i've my soulmate .
persona
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
i like long walks on the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite music genre is pop.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
persona II
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i smoke a pipe.
i've been married five times.
i love to eat eggplant.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
pretty good . bummed that game of thrones season is over though
yea , i know a lot of people are too .
but you do not watch it ?
lol what ? how do you know ?
you said you know a lot of people are . if you were a fan you would have said
okay , i have not watched it . i need to smoke .
yuck . i just ate a nice meal . my ex had to smoke after every meal
i am looking to hit my pipe soon and then eat some delirous eggplant
i actually like eggplant too . my friends husband make an amazing persian meal with eggplant
ca not believe i missed spelled delicious . i won a spelling be back when i was younger . ll
it happens to everyone . do not worry i wo not judge
thanks , sounds yummy persian meal . what else goes with eggplant ?
pasta or rice is best in my opinion
persona
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i am a couponer.
i love to save money.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
i was diagnosed with autism.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
people in school said i was quiet.
i haven t done anything since high school.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm so happy , i got my bank statement today
cool ! what kind of music do you like to listen to ? i like linkin park .
i like elevator music a lot
cool . so what do you do for a living ? i have not done anything recently .
i coupon for a living
neat . you seem quiet . i'm quiet , too .
do you want to come over and organize my stockpile ? ?
i've autism , i am not sure if i can do that .
oh , you could just watch i guess
i guess i would have to . we can listen to music while you do that .
yeah what would you want to listen to
i like linkin park . they're a great band .
i guess we could listen to that
persona
summer is my favorite season.
my birthday is in june.
i still live with my parents.
persona II
last month the farm was foreclosed so i am looking for a new job.
i would like to move some place warmer.
i live in kansas.
dialogue
hi , wanna chat with someone that lives in kansas ?
yes ! i would love too ! i'm so sad summer is ending
not me , i'd like to live some place that is much warmer , maybe arizona .
me too ! my day is june 10th
my farm went thru foreclosure last month , so i'm in search of new work now .
sorry to hear ! now what ?
i am hoping i'll qualify for something , not much work for an ole farmer .
www man , i still stay at the crib with my old folks lol
ll , yeah , age gets to all of us .
how old are you ll
73 last thursday
that's awesome
persona
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i wish i could speak another language.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
persona II
i like to draw.
i'm a vegan.
i'm studying literature.
my favorite food is tacos.
i am from france.
dialogue
cheers ! how is life where you are ?
i spend many hours in computer
it certainly seems that way . i spend many hours in books .
i wish i could do better like learning another language
you should learn french . it is the most romantic .
my lifestyle is boring right now
when i am bored , i draw . the ladies love an artist . are you male or female ?
i am to learn new cultures . i am a male
come to france ! no better way to learn new cultures than travel .
wow , i wanna go thre really
the best food is french ! though , i love tacos as well . vegan of course . do you eat ?
i do eat all that i could see around
a passionate foodie ! you would make a good frenchman . where do you call home ?
california is home for me , and never been to anyplace yet
persona
i am in my second year of medical school.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
i've two children but i'm divorced.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
persona II
i've traveled to both ireland and australia.
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was born in australia.
my father was an author.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
not bad . . . life is hectic though . 2nd year of med school !
what kind of doctor will you be ?
pediatrician is the most likely route
do you like to work with kids ?
yeah , and i am thinking about my own kids also . i've 2
i don't have any kids but i hope one day
it will happen when the time is right and with the right person
yes i gotta find love first
just be yourself . . . and remember the grass is always greener . . . i'm just divorced . ha
it seems i always meet the weirs ones
well , we are all kinda weird . . . some more than others . lol
i cant seem to click
that is a difficulty for everyone though . best to just be yourself , then you'll actually click ya know ?
what city are you from ?
i'm from detroit . what about you ?
persona
my mom is a nurse.
i have three tattoos.
i work at a bookstore.
i do not drive.
persona II
i really love plants.
i am an only child.
my favorite color is purple.
i have brown eyes.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm good and you ?
doing well its chilly here
it is a little bit cold here as well
do you have any siblings ?
yes i do an older brother
i am an only sibling do you like it ?
it is nice to have someone to talk to
very true . what color are your eyes ?
my eyes are brown . do you have any tattoos ?
i don't but would like some . you ?
i have a couple
persona
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i am close to my mother , but not to my father.
persona II
i love soccer.
i have 3 brothers.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i want to move to london when i get older.
dialogue
hello , tell me about yourself .
well , i am in love with burritos lol and i love to hike and be outside
a good burrito is hard to beat ! i like fish and chips myself .
that is delicious as well . what about binge watching netflix ? haha
if the telly is on its football all the way !
what about your family ? you have a good relationship with them ?
my brothers and i cheer on manchester together ! 2 older and 1 younger and you ?
that is cool . only child not good with my dad but my mom and i are close
my dad and i aren't that close either , he
yea dads blow . lol they just suck at parenting
dad is all business , all the time , helps me with my stock portfolio though .
yea that's true . i mean they do what they can
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you go ?
probably australia . i think that country is beautiful
persona
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i can speak four languages fluently.
i am an award winning 4h member.
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
persona II
i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
i never learned how to write.
i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.
i use to own 6 cats.
i got married to my highschool friend.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ! i am sad because i used to own six cats
i am fine . what happened to your cats ?
i didn't see them run away because 200 feet is how far i can see
oh okay , what do you do for a living ?
i depend on my spouse who was a high school friend
i am a plumber , disgusting but lucrative
yes ! since i do not know how to write , i cannot do much
oh you poor thing . maybe someone can teach you
yes , although i do know how to dial 911 . i had a terrible headache one day
is there anything that you can do ?
no , just sit here and be sad that i had six cats and now i don't
lol well ok . i speak fluently in four languages and help the boy scouts
my high school friend that i married helps with boy scouts
it is a real joy , teaching the young ones
i bet . i wish i had a good teacher like that
it is never too late to learn
persona
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i have a dog named bob.
i am a closet cannibal.
i enjoy fishing.
persona II
i am an athlete.
i have 4 daughters.
i like to go fishing.
i race cars for a living.
dialogue
i'll be on the next espn showing of nascar tonight !
that's awesome ! ! do you like to boat ? i make boats on the weekends .
hey , i could use one actually . i go fishing sometimes too .
me too ! fishing is the best . what else do you do ?
i run track and field when i find time . being an athlete and all
that's cool . i take my dog , bob , on runs , but i am not really an athlete
you have a doggie ? my 4 daughters would love to play with him !
do they taste sweet ?
wut ? my daughters ? that's kinky but i do not approve . lol
i have always wondered what kids would taste like . have you ?
if i had to name my kids after food , i'd pick different kinds of fish !
what kids of fish ?
persona
my best friend is from tanzania.
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
i have freckles.
i like to bake brownies.
persona II
i have a passion for god.
i'm married.
i'm a older gentlemen.
my favorite book is the bible.
dialogue
hi , interested in joining my bible study group ?
hey , is it ok if i can bring my best from visiting from tanzania ?
yeah , i don't see why not .
my face has freckles , and will be wearing white flip flops ,
i'm an older guy and i will be there with my wife .
ok i will see you there . i will also bring my famous baked brownies too .
wow , those sound good . i cannot wait to see you .
i cannot wait to see you there .
bring your favorite book . i'm sure like me , it is the bible !
lol what else would i bring
a sense of humor and a smile .
oh i laugh a lot and i love to laugh ! ! ahahah
persona
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i am an art teacher.
persona II
my favorite city is new york.
my favorite food is steak.
my wife just left me.
i love to run.
dialogue
hey there how are you ? like to workout ?
i used to . now my workout is teaching kids .
i run a lot , my wife cut out of me . it is cool .
i like the new colorful trends in running clothes
i cannot wait for dinner in new york , best steaks ever .
i have never been . sounds nice though
really ? you make the clothes ?
i improve old clothes as a side job .
yes thank goodness i can save more money now .
i must be challenging to save money in nyc
really ? is it hard to do ?
save money ? yes . making new clothing is fun though
i bet , i am glad i always had a little something saved away from her !
you should be . those things are always difficult .
what are you making right now ?
purses out of anything i can find with an exotic print
persona
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i am a fitness guru.
i am a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
persona II
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
i am 25 years old.
dialogue
i'm so stressed out today !
please do not ! god will help you always !
how ? my boyfriend lost his job yesterday !
that's awful , go outside and exercise to distress , i do it several times a day .
i have got no one to watch my daughter . she is only 7 .
then watch some movies with her , i love movies .
ca not afford it . my rent is due next week .
i hear you , just received the new petite catalogue from free people , so expensive !
i'm fat . i have gained so much ! 25 years old and overweight . sucks .
you need to trust the almighty , he will always protect you .
i do not need god , i need willpower !
you can do it ! just go with the wind . . .
persona
i'm a mother.
i feel overweight.
i like to eat.
i want to feel pretty.
i want to be desired.
persona II
i started taking beauty classes too.
through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
dialogue
i am so proud . i reached 50k subscribers on my youtube channel .
that is awesome . congratulations ! my son loves youtube . i like watching beauty vloggers .
i share beauty tips about makeup with tutorials on my channel .
i need to watch you . i miss feeling pretty since becoming a mom and gaining weight .
something similar happened to me . then i took beauty classes .
i miss feeling pretty and desired . i've been stuffing my feelings with food .
if i can learn about makeup for me and others , anyone can do anything .
i want to watch your channel and up my beauty game . my kids wear me out !
what do you do for downtime , besides watching bloggers ?
i like to bake and eat way too much , lol . what about yourself ?
my brand new channel on youtube is a full time job and a part time one .
so you no longer have a day job ? awesome ! do you do only beauty tips ?
mostly about makeup . pros and cons of products . time savers , what to maybe do or not .
i've really been wanting to feel pretty again . sounds like i met the right person !
what do you like to do besides baking ?
i have been pretty down and mostly focusing on my kids . i need to exercise and diet .
persona
i've a new job selling cars.
i love to paint pictures.
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love meat.
persona II
i hope to one day be a published author.
i work in a used book store.
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i just got a new job selling cars !
that is cool . i want to get into publishing
my wife does that she used to be a teacher but the pay sucked .
i love to write in my free time
well then you'd be good at publishing . i paint pictures for fun .
we could get together i write and you add the pictures lol
sounds good i'll bring the pizza ; its my favorite food .
i love museums they're so fun for me
i just moved not too far from the smithsonian .
wow that's so cool i'd go there all the time
its on my to do list for sure . i want to see the dinosaurs .
persona
i played football in high school.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i'm a roofer.
persona II
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i've a wife and two kids.
dialogue
hello
hi how re you ?
good and you ?
good what are your hobbies
i love to sleep
sleep is always good do you play sports ?
no but i play guitar
cool ! what so you do for a living ?
i am in a rock band . you ?
i am a roofer not as exciting
any kids ?
no i am still single you ?
i'm married with two kids
that sound since
persona
i love to do yoga.
i am single.
my favorite color is grey.
my passion is writing.
i work for a newspaper.
persona II
i like to ride my bike.
i work as a vet.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
dialogue
whew ! just got back from an awesome bike ride . whats up ?
hey that is good i do yoga its a love of mine .
that is awesome . i started riding a lot around my 30th birthday . old girl , new tricks !
i love my grey yoga pants ha ! you single ? i am
i am . . . if you aren't counting my 3 dogs and 2 cats ! ha !
cool , i like to write i work at a newspaper .
very cool . i'm all about animals . i'm a veterinarian by trade !
that is cool i'm passionate about writing .
what are your other hobbies ?
an of course my yoga ha !
oh yes ! i want to try yoga with my pets soon . i have heard it is relaxing !
what are yours ? if any ?
mainly cycling and spending time with my cats and dogs .
yes it is must come with me
i'll take you up on that .
gotta get out an mingle its so fun .
persona
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
i love to save money.
i am a couponed.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
persona II
i hate school.
i fell in love this summer.
i live on a lake.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
coupons are awesome . how are you ?
i love coupon cutting . i detest school .
you should coupon with me . saves a ton of money !
i love to . its hard leaving the house tho , i live by the lake .
are you need ? i usually donate my overstock to charity
i am good at the moment . in the summer i walk and read the paper for coupons .
you sound like a cool friend . we should shop together sometime ! !
that would be really cool .
so what else are you into ?
well , i fell in love over the spring and summer . we met at comecon .
what did you dress as ?
one of the girls from the tv show dark matter .
dope . i wish they had a coupon for comicon ?
sadly no . they are a big profit setup .
what a shame . i'd go as coupon man ! ! ! ! !
persona
i have 2 dogs.
i am a runner.
i've red hair.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
persona II
i have 2 sisters.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i'm a baker.
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
dialogue
how has you night been so far ?
no . my dogs are sick
that's not good , did they eat something the should not have ?
i think they got in the trash
hopefully they feel better soon . so any plans for tomorrow ?
no , just cooking food all day
i will be baking with my sisters all day , we work in a bakery
i want to work with you
yes , it is fun and luckily our mom is a dentist so no cavities
dang . i am really jealous . do you want to go run with me ?
i'd love it , how often do you run ?
everyday . my red hair flowing in the wind
i love running and tennis , i am in canada though so the snowy months suck
yeah but you have plenty of maple to bake with
too funny , and yes there is , what will you be cooking tomorrow ?
i don't know . whatever i want . maybe chicken
persona
i have a job as an it agent.
i like smoking weed.
my dad works for stifle.
i love rap music.
i'm a meataholic.
persona II
my children are a disappointment.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i'm bored of my maids.
i married miss usa.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
pretty good thanks and you ?
i'm doing great , relaxing eating cheesecake
do you do any drugs ?
all the money i got i could buy them all but not my cup of tea
oh i love marijuana very much
the bud was my best friend in college
now i do it like a nerd
ll anything else you like ?
i listen to music do you
yeah l like r b music
rap is totally my favorite y o
cool , my wifes into rap
how long have you been married ?
10 years to miss usa
impressive where do you work
persona
i play tabletop games with friends.
i still live at home.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
persona II
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i live a lie.
i'm a painter.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
dialogue
my life is a lie ,
oh . . . . why live a lie ?
hatred is only what my wife has for me
that is very sad . do you have children
she called me lazy , and even poor
are you a lazy person
i paint trees , like nature . painter is my occupation
i live in a sweet basement apartment . . . with my mom
you know , i won the lottery but no one knows that was 6 years ago
with kind of money i could buy so many table top games , my favorite
you have a better living and sweet people around you
i've asthma and have to use an inhaler , mainly around girls
what games are you looking of buying soon ?
dungeon and dragons mainly , you have not bought anything yet
persona
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i've a garden in my yard.
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
my hobby is sewing.
i like to make fresh pies.
i like to go swimming.
dialogue
hello how are you today
good ! how are you today ?
i'm doing pretty good just waiting out this storm
is the storm irma ? oh no !
yes it is . but it hasn't come to central florida yet
wow . i would rather be hiking on glaciers than be in that right now !
that would be pretty cool . i'm just worried about my garden
oh dang . yeah i'm always losing my mind , so i'd be worried about that !
i may lose my garden and some working hours at the grocery store
that isn't good ! i'm sorry to hear that !
oh no its fine i'll be right back at it once the storm is over
i moved to sweden , so we don't get hurricanes
lucky you lol . i bet its beautiful there
it is ! very hill y and green !
persona
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i'm not afraid to die.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
i'm an army ranger.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
persona II
i have purple hair.
i'm a petsitter.
my dad is a college professor.
my mom died when i was six.
my favorite book is the tale of genii.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing pretty well . just got off work . you ?
pretty good do you have pets ?
i am an army ranger and spend most of my time deployed .
oh well do you have pets ?
no sorry . i thought i had typed that . p
its alright . i need new clients
clients ? what do you do ?
i watch pets for people haha that is why i asked
oh . very nice . if my wife or 2 kids get one i'll let you know .
i appreciate it . is your mom alive ?
yeah . she's still kicking .
i'm glad . what does you dad do ?
i do not talk to him much . last i checked he was still a bum .
persona
i practice vegetarianism.
i like watching the walking dead.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like reading a lot.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
persona II
i'm younger then 46.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i hate to drive.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i like the taste of cheese.
dialogue
greetings humanoid carbon life form !
greeting sir how are you today ? ? have you ever read harry potter
my age is 46 , next year i will be 47
that's amazing i read 47 books last yea i love books
i prefer the singing troup the backstreet boys
backstreet boys are awesome not as cool as the walkin dead on hd
i dislike controlling my automobile
i also enjoy game of thrones its getting pretty wild
i require to ingest 4 tablets a day to survive
i am a vegetarian but i love tablets
i love the flavour of fermented solidified dairy products
wow this is taking longer than reading all night
my age is below 46
your old enough for game of thrones
persona
i am incredibly smart.
i have no parents or siblings.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
persona II
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.
my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
dialogue
hi there . lets make this fast and get to know each other .
hey , i am exceptionally smart , so this will be a breeze !
nice ! this should be a lot of fun then !
yea , besides , i almost never sleep , like 3 hours max every night .
how can you function with that little sleep each night ?
i have no life . i don't have any brothers and sisters , or parents .
bummer . i'll be your friend , friend .
thanks ! i also need lots of coffee , even with my steak .
oh my goodness me too . my birthstone is a coffee bean .
really ? you funny ! only time i pass on coffee is when i travel by myself .
haha that's when i need it most .
can i go back to not being exceptionally smart now ?
yes ! be yourself . nothing more , and nothing less .
maybe i should go have some more steak . this is making me hungry .
do it . add some mushrooms . and have a damn beer .
i need a beer . this is taking awfully long for a smart person like myself .
persona
i love to dance.
i work at a coffee shop.
my favorite color is red.
i drive a prius.
persona II
i own a chevy tahoe.
i don't know how to swim.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
dialogue
hey , do you want to grab some steak ?
hey man yeah want to go dancing after i love it
sure , i'll pick you up in my chevy tahoe
ok i work at the coffee shop
u serve some nice coffee and play rock music there ?
i drive a red prius want me to pick you up instead i love red
that is fine too . . . i will tell you stories about my grandpa who was in wwii
oh do tell i love stories
how about a story about me almost drowning because i can't swim
wow that's crazy i would love to hear
so we are set for an evening out ?
yes i will love it
great , then pick me up in your red prius at 8
great its settled then yes ?
persona
i am eighteen years old.
i'm taking a year off before i start college.
i am saving money to buy my first car.
i currently work at mcdonalds.
persona II
i drive a blue honda civic.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i have four siblings.
i m scared of left turns.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing this evening ?
i'm very well . how are you ?
i'm well . just hanging out . watching a comedy special on netflix . you ?
i'm just focused on saving . i want to buy a car . it will be my first !
what kind of car ? i am actually sell my civic .
anything reliable . i need to get to my job at mcdonalds so i can save more money !
you work at mcdonalds too ! what if we work at the same store !
that would be funny ! how old are you ? i am 18
i'm 27 . i just got hired .
i plan to take a year off and work before starting up college .
not a bad idea . maybe i'd still be in college if i took a break .
i think it is important to know what you want to do before paying all that money .
right . you are absolutely right . check out praxis .
i think i'll go to community college to be a respiratory therapist !
that isn't a bad plan . i went to school for anthropology .
what can you be with that degree ?
persona
my car is black.
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
persona II
twilight is my favorite book series.
i m a huge fan of jason mraz.
i recently moved to florida.
i want to find out what it s like to eat grasshoppers.
i only surf when the tide is low.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello , i am doing wonderful , how are you ?
i'm good do you work
i work from home , my husband is a detective .
wow that sounds very spooky
it is only a job . what is your favorite song ?
mine i'm yours by jason
jason who ? i love tupac , california love is mine .
it will not let me say his last name mraz
gotcha . what do you do for a living ?
i do not work do you
i do , i'm a fashion designer .
nice give me a job
do you have an art degree ? or a history degree ?
persona
i've a black belt in karate.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i vacation along lake michigan every summer.
persona II
i own 9 guitars.
i learned piano at age 6.
i am a vegan.
i'm trying to play in a local band.
dialogue
do you like music ? i have  guitars .
i love music and have recently joined a jazz band , playing the saxophone .
that is so cool ! i am trying to play in a local area band here .
it is hard to find the right people for a band , but well worth it .
i've always loved music . learned piano at only 6 .
i always wanted to play the piano , but became obsessed with karate .
i've always wanted to learn karate but never did .
it is a challenge , but i am proud of accomplishing a black belt .
nice . oh and i am also vegan no meat for me .
i am in between . i eat a little meat . my favorite indulgence is iced coffee .
i've never been a big coffee drinker iced or otherwise .
i was not into coffee until i was on vacation in lake michigan . i became hooked .
for me it is diet coke , ice water , or lemonade .
i also like all of those . i've to include iced tea as well .
it has to be really sweet for me to like iced tea .
you must be from the south . southerners love sweet tea .
persona
i love talking on the phone.
i have a gambling problem.
i always eat my vegetables.
i love to go hiking.
persona II
i work from home.
my favorite band is nightwish.
i love reading.
i love comics.
i've a cat as a pet.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing ?
i'm great , thank you for asking ! and you ?
i am alright . i was just reading .
i like to talk on the phone instead of read .
who do you usually talk to
my friends we go gambling often i've a bit of a problem .
do you ever win a lot
sometimes , yes ! i'm just addicted . do you have any addictions ?
i do not . i'm very quiet .
oh ! what do you do in your free time ?
i like to read sometimes
cool ! i like to hike !
so you must spend a lot of time outside
i do ! do you like to hike at all ?
persona
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've three dogs at home.
i'm very good at the drums.
i've a bicycle.
persona II
i am one of four children.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i was born under a blood moon.
i work some very odd jobs.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
i am great ! i just came back from a walk with my 3 dogs .
i love going on walks ! i hike every weekend . 3 dogs , wow !
i really do not like to exercise but i've to because of my health .
why ? i've 3 brothers , so they made me an active competitor .
i do not really know . i occasionally like to ride my bicycle .
that is fun . i work odd jobs so i've plenty of time for bike rides .
maybe we can ride sometime . i'm a drummer in a rock band .
do you sing too ? i am into moon cycles .
i sing but i am not very good . i am a much better drummer .
i'd love to hear you play
i'll let you know the next time i'm playing out .
if you ever play under a blood moon , i will be there .
what is a blood moon ?
persona
i joined a new team last month.
i'm a goalie.
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
persona II
i like to make my own clothes.
i'm partially blind.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight ?
i am really great . i just joined a new soccer team
that is awesome ! i do volunteer work .
that sounds like it is rewarding
it is when people act grateful .
i guess you meet all kinds
yes you do but i still enjoy it alot .
good for you . i enjoy playing soccer too
that's cool my daughter plays soccer .
it is fantastic . 42 is my lucky number
that is cool i make my own clothing sometimes .
do you fix up vintage clothes ?
i can but i have not in a while .
i don't care about clothes , but i like nike shoes
that is cool it is a good brand .
yeah , they make the best cleats
persona
i am a middle aged woman.
i love to listen to religious music.
i love my family.
i don't talk a lot.
i like playing basketball.
persona II
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i love dragons.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
i am good . just listening to gospel music . you ?
relaxing now that the power is back on .
we were playing basketball when it went out . scary !
i know ! just last month my daughter had her first child and i'm only 44 ! scary month .
we are the same age . i love my kids but not ready to be a grandmother .
i hear ya ! last year i couldn't decide between chilli or a cheery hot dog , now this !
well you can talk to me . i don't talk much so i'm a great listener !
person well , i have to drive a hour to work and back every day , could talk then .
that sounds like a good plan to me . start tomorrow morning ?
sounds like a good plan to me as well !
would you be interested in going to a gospel singing some time ?
persona
my favorite color is yellow.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i often don't have the money to pay my utility bills.
persona II
my father was a driver himself.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
my motor never stops running.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
i am well ! i just got home from visiting my grandkids .
that's wonderful ! where did you go ?
they live close , but i do not drive so it takes a while on the bus .
for a living , i work on semi trucks .
that is interesting ! i watch a little kid who lives next door and am retired
oh . cool . my motor is always running . my father driver trucks himself .
so you are following with the family business ! any hobbies ?
no . when i married my sweetheart , that is when i got off the road .
i bet that is a relief for her ! i've struggled a bit financially since i retired
i am sorry . financial struggles too . i want to take her on vacations .
things are so expensive these days . no vacations here for years !
i know right . it is a shame .
oh well , what can you do ! is it still warm where you are ?
yes . very warm . i love it .
it is still warm here too , i hate the winter so i am glad
persona
i am a zookeeper.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i love to read crime novels.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
my favorite animal is the panda.
persona II
i am on a diet.
i'm thirty two years old.
i've been married eight years.
i am a house wife.
i cannot drive.
dialogue
hello
hello , how are you ?
good and you ?
getting ready for work . i work for a zoo as a keeper , what do you do ?
i am a housewife
a housewife ? that's a cool job . any kids ? the pandas i work with are like mine lol
yes two kids , they're kinda like pandas
i imagine haha . what do you like to do in your spare time ? i read crime dramas .
i watch movies more than i read
i got into the habit in the hospital . had two toes amputated in an accident .
omg didi it hurt ?
nah , i was unconscious . i was making breakfast , 6 eggs like always and slipped .
persona
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am a waitress at a popular houston club.
persona II
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
i try to limit how much i eat.
dialogue
hi . my couch is lumpy . been sitting her all day . i am unemployed . how about you ?
i work as server at a glitzy houston club . i jog when i have time .
must be nice . broke myself , so i limit my food intake . sigh .
ok , i donate plasma in my sisters honor who passed last year .
that's so sad . i am sorry . why does life have to stink ?
thank you . i hope to one day move to the aussie land and marry my fiance .
mostly i just play with my puppy . he's a golden retriever .
i love puppies . i hope things start looking up for you .
you too . maybe you'll get to move to aussie land .
yes , maybe i will get the chance next year .
maybe by then i'll have a job . who am i kidding ?
i hope you find a job . my prayers are with you .
thanks . i guess i whine too much . sorry .
no not at all . you have every right to be angry .
persona
my car is over 20 years old.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my dad was a preacher.
my mother was a school music teacher.
i didn't finish college.
persona II
i am a couponed.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i love to save money.
i shop several times a week.
dialogue
hey . how is your night going ?
it is going well . just worked on my car . yours ?
its going great . just did some couponing and donated to charity tonight .
my dad was always big into charity , he used to be a preacher .
what a great man . i love saving money and like to shop through out the week .
i have been saving money for a new car . mine is 24 years old .
wow ! that is old . i've stockpiled items organized from almost 24 years ago .
yeah , i've been saving for a new once since i dropped out of college .
oh , what kind of car are you saving for ?
probably something out of fast and the furious . you like movies ?
yes . i do enjoy movies .
have you seen the last of the mohicans ? that one is my favorite .
yes i have . that is a great movie .
my mother used to watch it with me when i was younger .
persona
i am vegan.
i work at a retail store.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i have red hair.
i live close to the coast.
persona II
i like to swim.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i am blue and tall.
i like to read.
dialogue
hello ! i am a blue person who is unusually tall . you ?
hi my hair is red
cool ! what do you like to do ?
i live near the beach so i spend a lot of time there
i love swimming and reading books , do you watch tv . ?
i do what do you watch
the voice is one of my favorites ! you ?
i watch whatever is on
what do you like to do at the beach ?
i like to walk along the coast
have you ever surfed or boogie boarding ?
a little bu ti need more practice
i have never tried to surf but i love to boogie board .
do you go to the beach a lot
persona
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i helped develop facebook.
i work as a computer programmer.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i have two pitt bulls.
persona II
i still live at home with my parents.
i play video games all day.
i'm 32.
i eat all take out.
dialogue
hey how are you ? how old are you ? i just turned 32 this month
i have a great job making well over 200k a year , programming computers
wow ! that's amazing ! guess you don't live at home with parents like me ?
in my spare time i give back to charities
it is embarassing i am still there and all i do is play video games , all day !
i was one of the original founders of facebook
wow ! what ? ! that's so cool ! what is your favorite food ? i get take out every day
i usually take my pitt bulls to work with me
i have 2 pitt bulls ! luna and micco
their names are oingo and boingo
one is fawn colored , the other is white
that is awesome are they male or female
one of each ! the female is the fawn male is white
do you breed them for money
no , they are rescues , so already been fixed .
my dogs cost 1000 a piece , how much did you pay for yours
persona
i like chicken nuggets.
i work at a hotel.
i love animals.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
persona II
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i've a terrible singing voice.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
great just thinking about getting some chicken nuggets . you ?
oh yeah that's making me hungry
i work overnight in a hotel so maybe i can get them on break
what city are you from ?
san antonio , how about you ?
i'm in cali . but used to live in tx
do you have any pets ? i have 3 dogs 3 cats . i love them so much
yes i've two myself
what music do you like ? a fine frenzy is my favorite group !
i like pop , even though it sounds like an animal dying when i sing
haha you cannot be that bad ! ! any hobbies ?
its bad . i love to cook
i love to eat chicken nuggets . very very much . is that a hobby lol
persona
i listen to classical music.
i love my work and just got promoted.
i enjoy golfing.
i am married with three kids.
i work for a large law firm.
persona II
i enjoy talking to strangers.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i am good at throwing parties.
i want to live at the beach.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good . . . married , 3 kids , love classical music golfing , promoted in law firm . you ?
very good . i like learning about strangers .
well , i can tell you lots about me . i love my job . do you work ?
i don't work , but when i get some money i'm moving to the beach .
oh , i love the beach , too . love golfing with beach view . do you golf ?
i do not golf , but i have been mini golfing . i like the monkey themed ones
i want to work in costa rica monkeys live here . . . where i can raise my kids and golf
that's so awesome . i'd love to travel where there are monkeys !
do you like classical music . . . i love it .
its not bad , i am more into dance music
my favorite classical is edvard grieg peer gyne suite no . 1 , op . 46 morning mood
that's cool . i like pictures at an exhibition by modest mussorgsky .
i like art too . so are you learning enough about a stranger ?
persona
i am a stay at home mom.
i like things in organized.
one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
persona II
i have a pencil thin mustache.
i have six tattoos , all of cats.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i am from baltimore md.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? it is good today ?
hi ! yes it is . my favorite show was on tv today .
there are no other things more interesting than tv ?
of course there are ! i enjoy cooking for my family .
it is an excellent idea . i'd like to have a family too
do you come from a big family ? do you have siblings ?
yes i come from a large family but we do not live near
i enjoy taking care of my children .
how many children do you have ?
i've four children .
wow ! its great , i would like to have a lot more than you
it helps to stay organized .
when there are children in a house the family is much more joyful
i agree . i like staying home to take care of them .
yes its true , it puts a little order in your life
order is important . both in the kitchen and keeping the kids in order .
persona
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i am looking to start a business.
i'm a big sports fan.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
persona II
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
i just graduated high school.
my favorite season is summer.
i am headed to university of michigan in the fall.
dialogue
hello hello hello . whats up ? ? ? ?
hi there ! getting ready to watch some tennis on the tube ! you ?
packing . u graduated high school and i am going to u of michigan in the fall
congrats ! i am ready to start my new business ! got new car bills to pay .
what car ? lets play like dislike . i hate spaghetti but i love tacos
chevy camauro , love ! hate sickness !
love summer . hate fall . love camaro . hate kia
love sports , hanging with fam friends ! hate bad weather !
how old are you ? i am so over this packing . just want to have some fun
work first , then fun will come your way ! 30 , you about 18 ?
yeah , just turned 18 in august . i'm a leo . 30 sounds perf . not to young or old
well i must go , my tennis is about to start !
hit one out of the park for me ! ll
thanks ! have a great one !
persona
i work in fast food.
i walk three miles home every night.
i always wear something purple.
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
persona II
i love lasagna like i m garfield.
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i have a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm tired . i've to walk home 3 miles from my fast food job everyday .
do you go to school ? what grade ?
i'm out of school now . how about you ? do you have hobbies ?
i am , and have a long way to go . i am going to be an astronaut
wow that is awesome ! i am into krav maga . trying to find classes near me .
good luck , i have never tried it . i am always reading about space
it sounds interesting . do you have a favorite color ?
dark blue for me , how about you ?
i love purple . i try to wear it everyday . where do you live ?
i live in california near the beach , how about you
i live in florida near the beach !
do you surf or anything
i never tried it . i'm not very coordinated .
persona
i can speak four languages fluently.
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
i work as a plumber.
i'm an award winning 4h member.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
persona II
i drink coffee every day.
i've a twin sister.
i do yoga every morning.
i am a teacher.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
tell me something you do everyday .
i'm a plumber so i go in peoples houses everyday . how about you ?
i teach children , drink coffee , and do yoga everyday .
very cool . i volunteer with the boy scouts , do you volunteer ?
i do for animal shelters . my father in law volunteers with the scouts .
shelters cool , what is your favorite animal ?
i like dogs . i've a dozen of them . they pull my sled .
wow , where do you do that ?
i live in alaska . i don't have a car .
must be freezing but beautiful .
it is different . my twin sister lives near the equator so we are opposites .
twin , how unique . do you have a big family ?
no i do not . it is mainly just me here . how about you ?
i've two boys and had five siblings growing up , it is really fun
do you like candy ? i really like chocolate .
yum , who doesn't like candy ? what is your favorite food ?
persona
my boyfriend is in the army.
i play piano.
my father is dead.
my favorite color is yellow.
my hair is short.
persona II
i married my high school sweetheart.
i am a nurse.
i was an army brat.
i am a great baker.
dialogue
hey ! how are you doing ?
i am great . you ? watching some tv .
i'm just waiting for some cookies to finish baking
oh that sounds good . do you like to bake ?
i do . i'm really talented at baking
i love playing the piano .
are you very good at it ? i love listening to piano music
i think i am pretty good .
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a restaurant , you ? are you in a relationship ?
i work as a nurse . and yes , i am betrothed to my hs sweetheart
oh . i am dating a guy in the army .
that's too funny . i actually grew up as an army brat
me too ! my dad passed away .
that's heartbreaking . i'm sorry
it has been almost four years .
persona
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
my parents pay my rent.
i'm a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
i like to shop.
i love my dog.
persona II
i currently hold three jobs.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
i watch south park at least once a day.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
doing great setting here with my dog she's awesome
my fiance has a dog . we just got engaged after three years of dating
i thought about getting engaged after college but i went to grad school instead
what are you studying ? i want to be a baseball announcer one day
business i need a job my parents are still paying my rent
one job would be better then my three
what do you like to eat ? i'm vegetarian
oh i will eat anything as long as i can watch south park on tv
i must admit i cheat some and eat fish sushi you know bait
sushi is concerning to me . do you ever go to any concerts ?
i spend all my money on shopping concerts are out of budget
ahh i just went to see avenged sevenfold
awesome well got to go walk the love of my life my dog
enjoy your walk ! it is a lovely day outside
raining here unfortunately under an umbrella for me
persona
my favorite sport is hockey.
i avoid eating sugar.
i like rollerblading.
i am caucasian.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
persona II
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i wish i made more money.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi howa re you today
i'm doing well , just finished writing .
and what were you writing ?
i was writing about me being obsessing over pens
did oyu use a pen to write it ?
course ! i'm also thinking about becoming an artist and drawing everything with a pen
you should not harm your precious pens
but that is what they are for haha
true do you like food
i love food . and you ?
i do but i need to eat diet
you should buy some veggies
i always have them i hate sugar
good for you ! i love varus
what are these magical varus ?
ll i meant to say carbs
lol i know bye haha ; p
persona
i'm very social.
i'm in college.
i eat well.
i exercise.
i play football.
persona II
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
i never sleep in.
i train horses for a living.
i wish i knew where i belonged.
dialogue
good evening , how are you
phew . i just got done exercising .
i need to exercise more , but training horses does enough right now
very cool . i try to eat healthy while going to college .
that is probably tough on a short budget
being a social gal , i don't find it hard .
i feel like i do not have a place in society
aw , that's sad . are you a part of a church ? that's a good start .
maybe i'll look into that
i cannot wait to go to bed . i'm beat from playing football .
tackle , flag or just toss around ?
powderpuff for the win dude
well that sure doesn't count
expect oh patron um ! really now ?
patron is way too expensive of a tequila
it is a harry potter spell . . . . read it .
persona
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'd like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
i am almost 7 feet tall.
i am not a basketball player though.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
persona II
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
my father has a very prestigious job.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
dialogue
you see destiny 2 ?
not yet
i have been copying the art from it , the designs are sooo good
its one of the games i have not touched yet
i really like the knight skin , iron man all the way !
it does have strikingly close similarities to him .
that would so cool if iron maiden also played the game
i have never really played the destiny series is it fun ?
what . i've room on my fathers credit allowance you want to play it ?
is it cross platform ? i've pss
yea yea yea , just help me with making a game and i can hook you up ! cool ?
i work for ibm but not much of a programmer .
persona
i'm a youtube.
my car is pink.
i've a cat named leela.
i make videos about makeup.
persona II
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
since young i have loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i am wonderful how are you
just fine , do you have any interests ?
i love to go camping in my camper with my pink car
oh that's great , i've loved fashion since i was young
awesome i love my cat leela
i do not have pets , i just have the desire to become a fashion designer
you can do anything you put your mind too
thank i'm inspired by alexander mcqueen and the great coco chanel
i'm also obsessed with makeup
that is good i moved to new york just to study in a prestigious designing school
i make tons of videos on how to put on makeup
persona
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i think i have talent for it.
i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.
since young i ve loved to cook.
persona II
i live in new york.
i've never traveled outside of the united states.
i am a dog walker.
my best friend lives in japan.
dialogue
hi there , are you in nyc like i'm ?
i'm ! i just auditioned for a new cooking show there . what are you doing here ?
dog walking , it is my new gig .
do a lot of new yorkers have dogs ? i'd be in jackson hole for that , man !
i've a best friend
i've not had time for friends since i started learning to cook . what are they like ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell , that is what it is like
i think friends are overrated , then . i can cook those rats pretty well , though !
what is your favorite color ?
copper . like the best cookware . what is yours ?
blue , i've never left the us
me neither , but i hope that if i can get on a cooking show , i'll .
i want to visit my friend in japan
how did you two meet ?
online i like all those dating apps
hey can be fun . so you are interested in your friend romantically ?
persona
i love scary movies.
i am allergic to cats.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i am a member of the ymca.
i keep my hair cut very short.
persona II
i believe in karma.
i have never been on a date.
i adopted all my dogs.
i love to read.
dialogue
karma is real , do you agree ?
i do agree . ever notice in scary movies how the bad guy always gets killed ?
i don't believe in dating and have never been
you have never been on a date ? how old are you ?
i never say no when it comes to dogs in shelters , i have to have them all
can you answer my question on how old you are ?
do you like to read ? i do
yeah i do but do you actually care about my answers ?
my age isn't important , only my beliefs
and so you believe that its okay to be rude and dominate a conversation .
yes the bad guy does always seem to get killed
yea i'm a big scary movie buff and i noticed that in all the movies
persona
i hate flowers.
i make my own clothes.
i play the piano.
i'm going bald.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
persona II
and , my best friend is abigail.
i take martial arts after school.
i am ten years old.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
dialogue
hi my name is bertha , how are you
i'm good . you ? my name is greg .
i am good , abigail , my best friend , made me some nachos
i like those . i spent today making myself a new shirt . i make my clothes .
oh how cool , can you make harry potter clothes ?
i actually have in the past .
goblet of fire is my favorite one , how about you ?
mine too actually . i like the contest .
i do too , i am only ten . so i like contests
i am forty . i still like them .
i do martial arts , i have a contest coming up soon
good luck and i hope you win .
haha thanks , i'm more nervous to start my safety patrol tomorrow
is that part of school ?
persona
country music makes me cringe.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
i m an amazing dancer.
i m a terrible speller.
i've blonde hair that reaches my knees.
persona II
i like to go for bike rides.
i like music.
i am a vegan.
i like the guitar.
i like to skateboard.
dialogue
yo man , do you enjoy music as much as i do ?
yes ! i love to dance to it . i'm pretty amazing at it
awesome ! i shred on the guitar and listen to music basically whenever i can .
the only thing is that i cant do country music . it makes me cringe
that is how i feel about most rap . do you skate ?
no , my blonde hair that is down to my knees would get in the way
oh wow , that is impressive !
it is is not it ? you like animals ?
i love them ! i've a pet lizard named bobo .
you should come volunteer at the animal shelter with me one time !
i would love that so much .
you'll have to mind my spelling . it is terrible
i can forgive it this time .
so what else do you enjoy to do ?
i ride my bike a lot when skateboarding is too much .
another problematic situation for my hair . maybe i should cut it
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i want to be an explorer.
i visit india often.
i'm an athlete.
i don't like my job.
persona II
i have a master s degree.
i'm a female.
my favorite color is purple.
my favorite singer is kid rock.
dialogue
hi i am jane do you like ribs
yes i love baby back ribs
cool i just painted my swingset purple
it should have been blue , that's my favorite color
the seats are blue ! ! just want the bars to be purple
awesome ! ! ! so jane what do yo do for a living ?
i just finished my masters in teaching
nice . i play sports professionally
i gonna teach elementary not many are female here
nice . i play sports professionally
cool do u like kid rock
nice . i play sports professionally
i got paint on my pants ha ha
i hate my job though . yeah kid rock is ok
pandora mixes it up so i just paint n let it go
haha better put them in the wash
persona
i teach at a large school.
my class has 26 kids.
i graduated college in 2016.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach kindergarten.
persona II
my dad is a veteran.
i listen to all kinds of music.
i love watching funny movies.
i like to play tennis.
dialogue
hi , i am divan . i like all kinds of music .
i often use music while teaching my kindergarten class .
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you like movies as well ?
yes but have not seen many until recently since i just graduated in 2016 .
oh ok . i like watching funny movies . i like to laugh alot
do you enjoy water sports like kayaking or canoeing ?
i do not play water sports much . i however like tennis
if you saw me play tennis you would laugh alot .
my dads a veteran i try to get him to play to stay in shape
that is a good idea . staying is shape is important .
what do you do for fun ? other than water sports ?
i enjoy reading and crocheting for charity .
i love to read . i'm no good at crocheting .
both are relaxing to me and after a day with 26 kids i need that
persona
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
i write in my spare time.
i never sleep in.
i wish i knew where i belonged.
persona II
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my mother is from greece.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
dialogue
my mom is from greece my dad is from india . where are your parents from ?
i love to write because it is my favorite job .
what do you write about ?
sorry , i hate to talk about my parents , i do not like them
sorry to hear that . where do you live ?
in my spare time , i like to write about parents relationships
that is cool . if its hot i usually go swimming
i live in usa . and wow you are a multi cultural family
yes we definitely are . family reunions get togethers are always crazy
me too , i just like to be in the cool water and the sun still shinning .
i only like it when the weather is hot
when i write , i find myself it this cruel world
my favorite color is green . what is yours ?
yes , when its hot and the water is warm
persona
i fix airplanes for a living.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
persona II
i love book.
i am working on a biology degree.
i'm allergic to nuts.
1984 is my favorite book.
i am in college.
dialogue
hi , how is your day going today ?
hello my cat just broke down . its junky and old .
your cat or your car ? i'd feel bad for both !
haha my car . my cat is fine .
oh well not good . lol i don't drive while in college , just use public transit .
i'm fixing an old plane to fly .
that's really ambitious ! and i thought being a biology student was .
i love biology . they help a lot of people .
my only hobby is reading , 1984 is my absolute favorite .
i love that book . i've it in vinyl record . they are my fave .
i'd love to have the vinyl for that . all i've is old punk records .
punk is great . love the sex pistols .
me too , the clash and the romanes , and newer stuff like american psychos .
punk music makes a statement . its changed the world .
absolutely ! i love bands who don't hold back in anything .
i wish they would call out the colical strife more .
persona
my favorite activity is fishing.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i cannot go a single day without eating ice cream.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
persona II
twilight is my favorite book series.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
i only surf when the tide is low.
i recently moved to florida.
dialogue
hey i am big bertha , how are you ?
i am good . i am excited to go fishing tomorrow !
oh cool , where do you fish ?
in this one river by my house . sometime i get on an intertube an float instead .
i moved to florida recently , lots of fish here
how is the storm ? i'd have stocked up on lots of ice cream !
i only moved here for the small surf waves . so i'm might move away
with the storm i don't blame you . is it raining now ?
yeah , its all cloudy like in twilight . my favorite series ever by the way
if i saw a vampire i'd run so fast !
i'd let him suck my big bertha blood
why ? that doesn't make any sense .
persona
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i'm a georgia resident.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i love to read fiction books.
persona II
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i don't eat healthy.
i have 3 kids.
i married my high school sweetheart.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
great ! from georgia so hoping these hurricanes do not effect us .
oh yes , i feel very bad for those affected
me too ! so tell me about you . . . any hobbies ?
i really like to listen to music
what kind ? i'm an avid reader mostly sci fi and horror .
my favorite band is the rolling stones
i like them too . you like football ?
not really . with 3 kids , i don't have much time to watch
yeah that would be hard . i have a fantasy football league in my spare time .
what kinds of food do you enjoy ?
i love steak , and like the down home cooking . . fried chicken etc . you ?
i love soda . i've one with me all the time
i can say i am the same . . mostly cola . any specific kind you prefer ?
persona
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i enjoy cooking.
i own a cleaning company.
i am married.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
we help each other out in my family.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
i despise my boss.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well thank you . how are you ?
i am pretty good . where do you work ?
i have my own cleaning company . where do you work ?
i'm a manager at a restaurant i work so much
i love to cook
nice you should come work for me
if my husband lets me get a second job .
life your live . down with the patriarchy
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to cut loose and lose control
i read a lot . my favorite author is nicholas sparks
the notebook and stuff and etc
yes ! isn't it great ? the notebook made me cry
persona
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
i work as a mall cop.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i'm recently divorced.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
dialogue
howdy what is a better name for crypto currency than bitcoin
well , once i have heard something with a name for so long , i can't see anything else
hmm true good point . . . whats new ?
well , i finalized my divorce yesterday . so i'm super excited .
always a good feeling to be done and start fresh
very much , are you a dog person ? or cat person
neither i'm about to travel so pets are out for now
if you could have any ?
horse please ! but i am about to travel to iceland and faroe islands
oh that sounds like fun , i am a major dog person
do you have a dog currently ? i use to have a black lab
i have a little sh zu with a full snout
are those the wrinkly dogs ? my lab would eat pizza a the table with me
they're those super small long hair dogs , people groom them like crazy
oh i see . good luck with that ! i'm going dancing tonite at la casa mike
oh , i wish i could go dancing , i'm currently writing a ebook
persona
i currently work at target.
i live in a house in california.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i'm 5 7 tall.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
persona II
i am getting married next week.
we are getting married in a park.
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
my dog is the ring bearer.
dialogue
hey i am a week away from my wedding
how awesome ! have you got everything done ?
it is going to be low key in a park
i am from california and park weddings are gorgeous here .
it is going to be fabulous . are you married
yes . our wedding was low key , as well . we even had our dog present .
that's sweet . we are going to niagra falls for the honeymoon
that sounds like fun . i've never been to niagra falls .
it is a little cliche , but i am excited
be sure to stop into target and pick up some raincoats .
that's great advice i think i'll make our dog the ring bearer
wonderful idea ! take plenty of dog treats . i buy mine a new biscuit everyday .
good advice ! i'll do that
he has never turned one down . have you seen any new movies lately ?
too busy planning , what have you seen ?
i try to go at least once a month .
persona
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i'm in my second year of medical school.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
i've two children but i am divorced.
persona II
i fly airplanes.
my favorite band is tool.
i'm in the army.
i enjoy building computers.
dialogue
what took you so long to get here ? i'm a pilot you know
i currently live in louisiana and i'm a hindu .
that means i fly planes . anywhere you need to go ?
no i currently am just studying in my second year of medical school .
do you like the army ? i'm in it
i live with my two children but am a divorced single mom .
my favorite musical group is tool ? you know their tunes ?
i love eating my moms baked goods . she's definitely the best baker in the family .
i'm sorry to hear that . do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend to help you ?
no unfortunately i do not
i am sorry to hear that . good luck ! you are great to your kids i bet
thank you ! they are lovely kids .
and they will realize one day how good you are to them . keep it up !
one day when they're older .
yes , definitely . i know i did when i grew up
yeah i think we all do !
persona
i love country music.
i am a meat eater.
i like football on tv.
i drive a big truck.
i like to go hunting.
persona II
i'm studying literature.
my favorite food is tacos.
i like to draw.
i am from france.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
good ! just got back from deer hunting and now i am watching football .
what is it with americans and hunting ? i am french , we do not hunt .
i am a typical american ! i love eating meat , country music , trucks and football .
i just moved here last year . i recently had my first taco , i am in love .
where did you move from ?
france . i'm studying here now , literature .
what else do you do ?
i like art , and am taking classes . you ?
hunting and football takes up most of my time .
what do you hunt ? do women hunt ?
we sure do ! i hunt deer and i fish .
i'm experimenting with pineapple blends right now .
oooh . i prefer sour diesel myself .
do you have a favorite artist ?
i like willie nelson and chris stapleton .
persona
my brother thinks he's a viking.
my nails are painted green.
my masters degree is in italian literature.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
persona II
i've 3 dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
i like to go to the lake.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
doing well , just got home . you ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i'm an accounting for a small business
that sounds rather boring . do you like it ?
its alright i guess , kinda boring
hobbies are always a good idea .
i love reading horror books
i've never been scared by a book . i'd rather watch movies .
have you seen the conjuring ?
haven't gotten to that one yet . i stay pretty busy .
persona
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i love dragons.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
persona II
i like to listen to elvis.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i own blue shoes.
i drive a blue car.
i like the color blue.
dialogue
i'm a big fan of elvis , i once saw him in ny recently
interesting . i like cheese . specifically on hot dogs . i should come to ny
when i did saw elvis , i got a blue car
do you have any kids ? i already have my first grand baby .
i also start to wear blue shoes , the suede ones
they would be better if they had dragons on them . dragons make all better .
that is nice i also have one kid , he likes elvis too , we both like blue color
chili corn dogs are good have you had one ?
i hate dragons it is an evil creature . elvis rules !
no , you are wrong . dragons are best critter . better than elvis .
elvis may appear in your city this week
doubtful . he should come knock on my door i am up all night , any time is good
please don't make me angry , you'll not like me if you do
bruce ? haha . do you also like green ?
don't be like mr . mcgee , be like elvis
what is this taters precious ?
persona
i design video games for a living.
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
my son plays on the local football team.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i've a cat named speckles.
i work in an office.
i've two tattoos.
dialogue
hey how are you
i am good , playing some video games right now
sweet
how are you ?
is that what you like to do
i prefer designing the games but playing them is a good way to gain inspiration !
i'm great , looking at amazon love to shop haha
are you looking for anything in particular ?
that pretty cool , maybe i will buy one of your games
yeah ! i have been trying to create a startup for a new game
really what kind of games do you design
mmorpgs mainly
persona
i like victorian things.
i like jazz.
i collect dolls.
i'm a romantic.
i like antiques.
persona II
both my parents were teachers.
i had two cats growing up.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
i've two children.
dialogue
i am worried my kids wo not love to volunteer st the animal shelter like me .
well did you ever ask them ?
i had a couple of cats as a kid , thought they might be like me
cat can be cute , again did you ask them if they wanted to ?
yeah , they seemed totally uninterested . i'm not as good a teacher as my parents i guess .
well you cannot always teach likes . did you see if they wanted to do a different activity ?
my parents taught , so maybe that is why they were more effective at this parenting thing ?
i don't have kids so i don't know , sorry .
my tw kids are the best , really . its just a struggle .
i think all parents feel that way at one point .
yeah , i bet . i guess i just have to keep trying . you do not have kids though ?
no . . . not unless you count my dolls ll
persona
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
persona II
i haven t done anything since high school.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i was diagnosed with autism.
people in school said i was quiet.
i play games at the arcade , still.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ? just got home from the arcade myself .
i am just studying , last year of college .
cool . what are you studying to be ?
i am going to be a teacher .
cool . my teachers in school were always trying to get me to talk .
mine too but because i learned english late .
oh , what is your first language ?
swedish , my family moved here when i was 5
i'd like to go to sweden . what is it like there ?
can be cold , but beautiful .
do you ever miss being there ?
i visit often enough , my brother is in a band and travels .
that's awesome . what kind of music do they play ?
they're a heavy metal band .
persona
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i have a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
persona II
i have 3 kids.
i know karate.
i am a scientist.
i want to go to mars.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
hi how are you tonight ?
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
i've not they should cool though
me too , they are this funky band from the 80s . they go great with some spicy tex mex food !
i really want to live on mars
its an awesome planet i teach my kindergartners about it all the time
do you have kids of your own ?
not at this time just a dog named tiki , you ?
i do not have a dog but do karate
wow ! that's a cool hobby , what belt are you ?
persona
i love the band van halen.
i wear a lot of purple.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i want to be a doctor.
persona II
i got married 10 years later.
i was a slave for 10 years.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
chillin to van halen . wearing my purple jump suit . what you up to ?
trying to write my book about escaping slavery after  years and became a carpenter
no kidding ! i'm boning up on anatomy . trying to get into med school .
wow ! good luck with that . you married ?
no ! only 23 years old , got a long haul of schooling ahead of me . you ?
i am much older than you then . been married 10 years now !
what is it like being married ?
well , it is good . especially after being a slave . we got married in my favorite color ! red
you are a little strange , but good strange . i love dungeons and dragons .
i cant say i have ever played that . good strange is fine with me
it sucks me in and takes me away from my studying , which is bad .
what else do you enjoy ?
just rock and roll , the color purple not the book ! lol and working toward being rich .
well , i am hoping my book makes me rich
how close are you to finishing it ?
persona
we have two pets as well.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i'm thirty years old.
i've two children.
persona II
i am a chef.
i like to bake pies.
i love traveling.
i like to garden.
dialogue
hi , care to chat with a chef that likes to bake pies mostly .
hello ! i love baking , not pies but nevertheless i bake for my family !
that is great what are your hobbies ? i like gardening
hobbies ? ; got two kids , i am a stay at home mom . playing with our two dogs .
that can be like a hobby . i also love to travel .
my husband is the sole provider , and i'm 30 years old . how old are you ?
i am 53 but i've a birthday coming up
what are your favorite dishes to bake and places to visit ? i've not travelled lately .
i have traveled to mexico and holland . apple pie
i wish you an early happy birthday ! mmm . . i like istanbul , and soft shell crab
thank you . i like those too
awesome would you like my soft shelled crab recipe ?
i'd very much , thank you
season with salt pepper lemon and butter ; grill each side 5m , serve on roll
persona
i love watching funny movies.
my dad is a veteran.
my favorite color is green.
i listen to all kinds of music.
persona II
i like to draw other people.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to drink tea.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
dialogue
hello , do you like to draw ?
doodling is one my skills , as long as it is green
i enjoy drawing other people .
like famous people ? comedians are a good choice
only if they have a sense of humor
i would hope so being a comedian lol
i like hard boiled eggs , maybe you could make a joke about eggs .
never said i was a comedian , new subject what music you into ?
rock and roll . do you like tea ? i drink a lot of tea .
i prefer drinks with a bit more kick
i like scotch with my tea haha .
got to admit , have never tried that combo
goes well with hard boiled eggs , you have to try it lol .
ok that is on my bucket list . . my dad would approve ti think
persona
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i'm an anime fan.
my job involves building drones.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
persona II
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
my favorite color is blue.
my mother was a piano teacher.
i grew up in the deep south.
dialogue
hello ! what is your favorite type of food ?
hi there , i mainly like food from food trucks i go to at concerts
oh delicious ! mexican food is my favorite , but i cannot stand seafood .
cool ! i had great mexican at a techno music fest one time . techno all the way !
my mother taught piano , so i must confess that classical is my preference .
oh no ! i only listen to techno . got a whole wardrobe full of techno band tees .
cool ! i think i will try listening to techno soon , it sounds fun !
you should . what else do you enjoy ?
hunting is a hobby of mine , makes sense as i'm from the south . you ?
i build drones for a living , and a lot of people use those in hunting !
cool ! i've never tried using a drone , that sounds fun !
you should ! do you like anime ?
i do , i love anime ! have you seen yuri ! ! on ice ! ?
no ! but i'd love to !
if you like anime , i think you will like it . do you have a favorite color ?
no , not really . how about you ?
persona
i have 2 kids.
my wife is a nurse.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i like to play baseball.
i'm a doctor.
persona II
i studied early childhood education in college.
i've a puppy named tiki.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
pretty good . leaving the hospital .
oh sorry to hear that , you alright ?
i'm fine . i'm actually a doctor and my wife is also a nurse .
oh wow did you guys meet at work ?
we met after a baseball game . i enjoy playing in local games .
oh that is cool , i enjoy walking my dog and kids .
cool ! sometimes i take my two kids up into the mountains for hikes .
nice , we did a field trip recently in the hills . i'm a teacher .
cool ! i think the mountains are my favorite place to be .
they are peaceful and pretty . nice getaway . do you have any pets ?
no , i don't have any pets .
what type of doctor are you ?
i work with cardiology at our hospital .
wow impressive , your wife is a nurse on the same floor ?
yes , i am pretty lucky to get to work with her .
persona
i've eight grandchildren.
i've good health.
i wear glasses.
i am retired.
persona II
my family is very important to me.
i work all the time.
i drive a nice car.
my brothers work with me.
dialogue
hi hoe was your day ? i just got off work with my brothers .
woo hoo ! i am retired ! what do you and your brothers do ?
we work at a factory . family is everything to me .
do you have a large family ? i have got grandkids even . eight !
wow ! yes , i've 2 brothers and 2 sisters .
are they married ? do you have nieces and nephews ?
i do have have 3 nephews and 1 niece . i work a lot though .
what kind of stuff do you make at the factory ?
cars actually , i work for gm . i just bought a lexus though lol
do you live in detroit ?
i live in ohio , near lordstown , and you ?
i'm in minnesota . lexus , is that toyota ?
persona
i enjoy running.
my favorite band is creed.
i'm a carnivore.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
persona II
i'm a lesbian.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i love cats.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i'm healthy.
dialogue
my girlfriend loves me inspite of me being over weight lol
my girlfriend left me after i lost my job and went on welfare
we can't share clothes anymore but hey
you should try running . its my favorite hobby now
darn she was not a rider i'm sorry to hear
sometimes . . . i think about running into traffic because of being on welfare
i decorate cakes lol i do not have the time my dr said i am healthy
you ever listen to creed ? they are great to listen to while running
why ? it could be worse . like animals ?
i do . especially cows . they make the best steaks
yes the do yummy ! i enjoy cats tho
cats are nice . maybe i will get one with all the free time i've .
like cakes ? i will make you 1 an decorate it for your smile .
cant make any promises . i never thought i would be on welfare
persona
i am a soccer player.
i joined a new team last month.
nike cleats are my favorite.
my number is 42.
i am a goalie.
persona II
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i'm about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i am 17.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
dialogue
hey whats up its chad lol
i just got on a team i'm number 42 the goalie
congrats goalie ! i love playing hockey . . . for beer !
the nike cleats are my fav
cleats are your fave ? like your favorite thing ever ? lol
oh really lol ? where at chad ?
new england baby ! new england all day
no the nike kind are lol
the nike cleats are your fave , cool stuff . so what else do you like goalie ?
i like to play soccer , hbu in new england ?
just lacrosse for me . i'm playing college lacrosse next year
cool , what college do you attend ?
its a small one , you may not of heard of it . reed college in oregon
i thought you lived in new england ?
i do , this is next year when i'm in college . not in college yet lol
oh so you in high school gotcha
persona
i'm content with my life.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i'm very shy.
i sing in the shower.
i've never had alcohol.
persona II
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i have 2 cats.
i'm vegan.
i work in a veterinary office.
dialogue
hiya ! hows your day going ?
hey ! its going pretty good , just a normal , mundane day . how about you ?
so happy ! no one bit me today and my boss brought in strawberries , my favorite !
awesome ! have you heard of that new strawberry vodka that was released recently ?
no , sound great ! as long as its vegan , i am in !
i have been thinking of trying it , but i have never drank . have you ever drank before ?
i drink when i'm out with friends . what do you do ?
i usually play with my dog and browse the internet . its a good life ! haha .
my cats like it when i'm online , they are both right here now
cats , gotta love em . any animal , really . i'm fascinated by them . p
anything fun planned for the weekend ? i'll be at the beach
somewhat , yeah . relaxing at home and watching a tv show . sounds fun , huh ? p
hey , beats being at work huh !
sure does ! although work ai not so bad , my co workers are pretty nice people .
bias , my phone is ringing
no worries ! see you soon .
persona
my friends tell me that i'm a neurotic hypochondriac.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
persona II
i want to go back to school.
i want to move to las vegas.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to learn self defense.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing ok how are you ?
i am good , just applying for loans so i can finish my education .
that is great hope you get one i've my masters degree
that's awesome ! have you ever been to las vegas ? thinking about moving there .
no i teach at a catholic private school
oh , okay . do you have any recommendations on shows to watch on netflix ?
i watch bones and criminal minds . i've ocd so i've to binge watch them
i do the same thing ! my sister and i are really close , so we watch everything together .
that is great ! i had friends but they call me a crazy hypochondriac so i watch alone
what do you teach at the catholic school ?
i teach math and science at the elementary level
i wish you taught self defense , i really need to learn that !
i am sorry maybe you can find a cheap place to teach you
persona
i am twenty years old.
i love pasta.
i work at a hospital.
i love to read fiction.
i'm a student at a small community college.
persona II
i'm married with kids.
i enjoy watching baseball.
my favorite color is orange.
i hate running.
dialogue
hello . my name is sarah . currently married with 5 kids .
hi i am joe . i am 20 years old
hi joe . my kids love baseball . i enjoy watching them . do you like baseball ?
i'm not a big sports fan , but i do love cooking
what do you like to cook . i love foods all orange . its my favorite color .
i love to make homemade pasta , aglio e olio is my favorite
italian is my favorite too . what do you do on your spare time ?
i read fictions on free time and currently working at a hospital .
oh nice . what do you do ? physician ? they run a lot . i dislike running .
nah , i am in school , a community college . hoping to make something in medical care
how commendable . i too was in the medical field working for oncology dept .
wow that's great . hopefully i can get into some medical school some place .
wish you the best of luck ! where ae you from ?
i am from the united states
persona
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i m allergic to cats.
i love to have my nails done.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
persona II
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i like meat too much.
i do the shopping in my house.
i want to be a vegetarian.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
i'm well , sugar . how are you ?
i am great , just eating lots of meat , my favorite , what about you ?
i am good , though i really should not be on the computer since my nails are drying .
that is not good , do you ever online shop ?
yes ! you can find great deals on pageant dresses . what do you get online ?
i generally shop for clothing and stuff for the house .
what is your family like ?
we all eat together , mostly pork because i'm lazy .
my husband and i eat out . he's pretty busy as an attorney for nike .
that is great , i kind of want to become a vegetarian , any opinions ?
other contestants i've met who have gone vegan look fabulous ! go for it .
i will at your advice , thank you sugar !
no , thank you ! it was a real pleasure !
persona
i play video games all day.
i eat all take out.
i still live at home with my parents.
i don't want a job.
persona II
i work at amazon.
i have two kids.
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
yeah i'm doing ok i guess , you ?
i'm good just dropped my kids off at school
that's cool i guess , i've been up all night playing my x box .
my kids love playing video games
cool , i play them like all day , everyday .
i feel like that would get boring after a while
nah i live at home with my mom and dad . they are boring .
do not you like to hang out with friends
oh i play with them over the internet on the x box .
i am assuming youre in high school any college plans ?
pfft sounds like my mom , get a job , go to collage . lame !
lol what do you plan to do after school
play video games for money , like on youtube or something .
can you make a lot of money doing that
yeah if your cool and people watch your video .
persona
i don t have many friends.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i like lizards.
i've long hair for a boy.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
persona II
i blame myself for all of my problems.
i can t hold down a job for very long.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i am constantly drinking.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
dialogue
hey there how are you
i'm alright . i'm carl . how are you ?
hey carl , i'm very well .
good . i'm not a big fan of this world we live in .
oh yeah ? what do you like abou it ?
i do like reptiles , and my wavy locks . what do you like ?
i like rocks too , and i drink a lot
sounds fun . i like drinks too . i wish i was a knight .
i can not even keep a job . what kind of knight ?
a medieval knight , or maybe a space adventurer .
how could you possibly do that ?
i could try really hard . i don't try hard in school though .
maybe it isn't your fault , i blame myself a lot
you should go easy on yourself . you seem nice .
oh my goodness thank you
people say i look like a girl sometimes . i don't like that .
persona
i work at a bookstore.
i never knew my dad.
my mom is a nurse.
i don t drive.
i've three tattoos.
persona II
i love to run.
i ca swim very fast.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ? i just made chicken and rice with turmeric .
wow sounds good i just got home from my bookstore job
cool , so you work on sundays ? how many days in all ?
i work 4 days a week to help out my mom she is a nurse
that is kind of you . i have several nurses as good friends .
my dad was a doctor i heard but i never knew him
that happens sometimes . my father was a civil engineer down south .
hats really cool i want my dad to teach me how to drive one day
that's difficult to comprehend if you never knew him .
i know i wouldn't have got my 3 tattoos if he was here to stop me
yeah , i do not care for tattoos myself , even on david beckham .
so what else are you into ?
i like music , playing the piano . i sing too , but not such a great voice .
i bet you are very good
at the piano , yes . i'm also a very good swimmer and won matches .
you have a lot of medals ?
persona
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i drive only toyota.
superman s my favorite super hero.
i like pepsi.
i talk a lot in irc.
persona II
i am fairly conservative in politics.
i live in a rural community.
i have two kids.
i love robotics.
i work at amazon.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
topic good and you
i'm just dealing with these 2 brats who are my kids
oh oh , naughty tonight ? call superman for help
i have a robot and love it
i like robots , but chocolate chip cookies are my kryptonite
i work at a big cooperation like ebay it is amazon
cool i hear that's a great place to work
yes it is great i love it
i have been trying to find new mats for my toyota on amazon
i could take a look for you if you want
that would be awesome . my rides are only toyotas , so has to fit
i'm a conservative person
are real tree hugger are you ? me too
persona
i graduated high school in 1986.
i have a ten year old son.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i'm doing financial business now.
i play piano.
persona II
i like sports.
i work for a government agency.
my favorite food is pizza.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i prefer baseball over football.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
wonderful ! how are you doing today ?
i'm good what are your hobbies
i enjoy playing piano ! i hope to be able to teach music after retirement .
that's nice i work for the government not as fun
i am currently in financial business . would rather teach music haha !
haha that is funny do you like baseball
not at all , but my son loves it !
i try to go to a game almost every week
wow ! i am more of a football gal myself .
ah what kinds of food do you like
japanese food is my all time favorite . and you ?
persona
i'm strong.
i never eat veggies.
i'm tall.
i love to run fast.
i'm young.
persona II
i've a pomeranian.
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i play the violin.
dialogue
hi there ! i just got back from walking my dog . how are you ?
good . what kind of dog do you have ?
a little pomeranian , she hates when i play my violin lol .
i bet she does . are you a professional at it ?
i placed in a few competitions , my mom is a music teacher in the elementary school .
cool . i'm on the track team at my high school and win some too .
winners over here ! any other hobbies or pets ?
if professional eater counts . need lots of protein to grow tall and strong .
that's awesome , what is your favorite food to professionally eat ?
i was kidding . i do love beef though , not so much vegetables . what is yours ?
ha ! good one ! i guess mine would be pizza .
we can get some pizza . race you there , i bet i win .
let me just put away my violin so the dog doesn't do anything to it .
on your mark , get set , go !
well , you are definitely fast . ha ha .
you better believe it . load up that pizza with all kinds of meat . power pizza .
persona
i have an older brother.
i love my girlfriend.
i work in a bookstore.
i live in the city.
i dyed my hair pink.
persona II
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
i'm looking to start a business.
i am a big sports fan.
dialogue
hello , want to go for a ride in my new chevy ?
hi , yes i want to go for ride
road trip it is ! i love hanging with family and friends .
great , i have two brother i'm elder
nice i like sports with my brothers , do you ?
ohh , what is your hobbies ?
starting new businesses and rope climbing .
m working in stationary shop , what is you profession
i'm not working right now
i live in ca , where are you from ?
i'm in cali as well
great , i have two girlfriend , what about you ?
no , i need to find one or two . my pimp hand is weak !
what is your favorite dish ?
revenge , best serve cold ! haha
ohh , what is your favorite tourist sport in usa
persona
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
i want to be a museum curator.
i'm a painter.
i love coffee with cream.
i went to new york city once.
persona II
i dance ballet.
i'm currently in nursing school.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
dialogue
hello . i'm a ballet dancer . what do you do ?
i paint here and there enough to pay the bills
nice . i currently attend a nursing school . what do you do ?
i'd love to move to nyc and be a museum curator so working towards that .
nyc is great !
i have only been there once but the energy was amazing . very inspiring for painting .
true . my mum used to be a sunday school teacher in nyc !
that's so cool . my favorite band the beastie boys are from nyc .
yeah that is a good one . did you attend high school ?
yes but dropped out of college to paint .
i see . hows painting coming along ?
good . it gives me a decent income . does dancing pay well ?
yeah pays good enough to pay your bills
besides dancing what do you like to do ?
i enjoy reading and working out
nice i love reading too . working out not so much lol
persona
i drink lots of iced tea.
i teach first grade.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i love to go shopping.
persona II
i've a beautiful rose garden.
my parents met at woodstock.
i love starbucks coffee.
i was a swimmer in college.
i've a cat named pickles.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
thirsty ! drinking some tea right now , how about you ?
yum . i am having a starbucks espresso
i love stars ! i go there all the time .
cool ! whats your favorite drink to order ?
i usually get a vanilla frappe .
yum , that's my second favorite . do you own a pet by any chance ?
yes ! i've one cat .
me too ! i've a tabby cat named pickles . what about you ?
mine is an all white named bill haha !
haha . pickles is a helpful girl , she catches bugs in my rose garden
i take bill with me for my first graders to help take care of .
www how cute ! do the kids like to pet him ?
well of course they do !
persona
i have a cat named mater.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i like to play basketball.
i like lightning mcqueen.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
persona II
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i have two pet dogs.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i am a farmer.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hungry and mad at my cat
that does not sound good . what did your cat get up to ?
matter clawed up my lightning mcqueen slippers
uh oh . how old is your cat ?
only a year or two i learned how to make pizza today grammy taught me how
he is still young then . that is great about the pizza ! why are you hungry then ?
its cooking , grandpap is taking us for ice cream too
mmm pizza and ice cream are the best . whats your favorite ice cream flavor ?
orange sherbbeert its orange like my basketball . what are you doing ?
i am listening to rock music and editing the photos i took today on my hike . you ?
ow ! matter just ran up my leg . and i am smiling .
matter , huh ? that's an interesting name . i have two dogs myself .
yea , i like to keep things interesting .
persona
i would like to try sky diving.
i have a bad habit of being dishonest.
i have driven a race car before.
i sometimes get into fights.
persona II
my friends like watching it to.
we drink beer and eat food.
we watch the games together.
i like football.
it s great fun.
dialogue
hi names greg and i enjoy football
hey , greg . they call me jerry , and i'm a race car driver .
my friends and i get together and eat and watch football games at my house .
well , hot damn ! that sounds like a good time . do you play ?
well if it is for fun in the backyard i do .
football is cool , but sky diving is where it is at . ever tried it ?
yeah not much of a height person at all .
i go all the time . how do you keep the lights on ? what do you do ?
i'm a construction worker .
good honest work . my dad was construction worker . you got family ?
we bring out the good bear when we watch the game
oh , i can not drink beer anymore . brings out the devil in me . how about tequila ?
i totally understand that
you play ball in high school ?
persona
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to cook.
i love kids and dogs.
i'm a foodie.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
persona II
i have a horse named beauty.
my father is a preacher.
i'm pregnant with my first child.
i live in a house in the country.
dialogue
hi , i just got back from church , how are you
good ! i just have been chatting with my friends .
nice , i don't have many friends .
awe , do you have any kids ? i love being around kids and dogs .
i live in the country so not much happens .
i enjoy shopping and take my daughter with me all the time .
i'm currently pregnant with my first , i'm scared .
you will be fine . it will go by fast . do you cook ?
sounds fun , my dad is a pastor so he prayed about my baby .
i cook a lot because i'm a huge foodie .
yes i cook , in this weather i bake more
i need to bake more . i just have been making chinese food .
i like food too , right now being pregnant , i want everything lol .
i was not much of a foodie when i was pregnant , but i am now .
chinese food sounds so good right now , wontons yea buddy !
yeah ! egg rolls and fried rice too !
persona
i am a doctor.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i like to play baseball.
i've 2 kids.
my wife is a nurse.
persona II
i've a dog named socks.
i'm a college student.
i drive a silver lexus.
i am terrible at math.
dialogue
hello . i am in college . you ?
been there , done that . i am a foot doctor in colorado who enjoys the mountains
i'm going to be a journalist but am having trouble in math .
luckily journalism is not math intensive , haha . i understand , my 2 kids are better at math than i
i hate it . i'm bad at it .
my wife is better at math than i'm . she helps kids out
i've no kids , just a dog named socks .
that's a unique name !
he has feet that look like socks so i chose it .
my wife named our dog , doggie md . she's a nurse , she thinks that is funny .
it kind of is actually .
we med in med school . i guess it is kind of funny .
i did laugh at it .
do you play sports at all ? i try to play baseball on weekends .
persona
i eat large meals.
i exercise everyday.
i'm in college.
i like to swim.
i am a social butterfly.
persona II
i'm on a competitive dance team.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i love to dance.
i'm in high school.
i love disney movies.
dialogue
i am umi and i compete on a dance team
hello umi ! i consider myself a social butterfly
i started to attend upper dublin senior high school
i go to college at the moment
that is cool ! ! dancing is my passion . and i like watching disney movies
exercising and swimming are my passion
that's cool to hear . i am competing with my dance team next week
good luck ! ! being that i like to eat big meals exercise is a must
thanks its kind of nerve wracking
yeah i know but i do love to eat
me too ! ! i eat a lot and do to fast metabolism lose the weight fast too .
you are very lucky i hope you know that
thanks so much for those kind words
you are welcome it rained here all day
my favorite disney princess is ariel
my daughter liked her too
persona
i like to play video games.
my favorite movie is star wars.
i play football.
i've a pet iguana.
persona II
i m a breath of fresh air.
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
dialogue
good morning how are you ?
hey how are you ?
pretty good here , tell me about yourself ?
it is my favorite season for the games !
i'm full of life and enjoy bringing other happiness , i'm also a lifeguard
do you have a favorite team or pets ?
no , do you drive a car ?
sounds fun , do you like star wars ?
not really i drive a convertible in the rain tho
yes i do , i have a iguana
what do you like about star wars ?
why ? lol you not scared ?
nope not at all do you like music ?
the movie is better then the shows by far
i bet it is , i like katie perry you ?
not really , i like silence alot , an video games .
persona
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i play jazz piano in a band.
my family is from algeria.
i'm a barista.
persona II
my name is tom.
i'm east asian.
i enjoy eating italian food.
dialogue
hi there ! i am tom ! whats your name ?
hi , i am steven . i am from algeria !
never been there before ! i'm from a small town in east asia .
very nice . what languages do you speak ?
i speak chinese and english . yourself ?
mine are english , french and arabic !
are there any languages you want to learn ?
no , i am cool with what i've . you ?
italian ! but that's because i like the food .
yes good food ! i'm also a barista !
oh nice ! so you like drinking coffee then ?
i'm a coffee fanatic , yes !
whats your favorite drink to make ?
probably the one shot espresso cause its so easy !
persona
i just dyed my hair hot pink with purple highlights.
sometimes , i've sword fights with strangers in the park.
my favorite hobby is chess.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
not a day goes by that i do not drink four mountain dews.
persona II
my favorite band is worn.
i own a home.
i like swimming.
my favorite color is purple.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
hi i am good and you ?
i am swell . who is your favorite band ?
ink really tell me about yours
mine is korn . i'm a metalhead .
what color is your hair ?
its brown but i want to dye it purple .
cool mine is bright pink
that's crazy ! do you like any sports ?
i don't really do you
i am quite the avid swimmer . i have my own pool .
cool do you swim in the rain
persona
i like swimming.
i love dogs.
my favorite band is korn.
my favorite color is purple.
persona II
i am single.
i'm a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i paddle board on my days off.
i'm buying a house.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hi ! i am really good today . how about you ?
i'm doing well . i had a crazy work shift and now am making dinner
what are you making for dinner ? i just made meatballs .
i just made some chicken and pasta . nothing fancy .
sounds good . i am just sitting here with my dog . i love animals .
aw , that sounds nice . is that your only pet ?
i also have a turtle name george . do you have pets ?
no , i work at a hospital and am just not home enough . i wish though
i understand . pets need lots of attention . do you like music ?
a bit . i listen to music when i run and bike .
i like korn my favorite band .
i do not think i've listened to korn in like , a decade
lol . i listen every day .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a manager at taco bell . it doesn't pay well though .
persona
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i'm a huge fan of classical jazz.
i am on a low carb diet.
persona II
i like to paint.
we have two sons.
i like to attend wine tours.
i enjoy visiting museums.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you
tired from my low carb diet . . . trying to be a male model in hollywood .
sounds like you are following your dream
yeah just had a private lunch with will ferrell he loves male models .
ahahah . that reminds me of that movie zoolander
kind of i did burn all my friends in a horrific gasoline accident .
did you atleast get to drink orange mocha frappicinos with them first ?
yeah silly , we listen to classical jazz though while dancing , i'm a huge fan of it .
that is cool . i like to make tiny reading centers for ants
ahahah i did that once but it fell apart
ya . . . and ants do not read very well
yeah you are a smart man lets go to a party
ok . can you pick me up . i am drunk from giving wine tours
ok but i do not have a lot of luck with friends in my car . .
persona
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
i believe in aliens.
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
persona II
i like to train dogs.
i like bagels with everything on them.
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to make cookies.
i like to run.
dialogue
hey , hows it going ? pleased to chat with you
ugh not good . i hate cleaning ! my husband and children are so messy
ll . i know the feeling all too well
i just wanna quit my life be a professional eater and not get fat
sounds like fun . it would be cookies and soda all day for me .
i'd choose lollipops and cheetos
great combination . i would have to run those pounds off though .
i hear you . i ran grom aliens once . great exercise
i like to take my dogs out with me sometimes . do you have any dogs ?
no i don't . what kinds of dogs do you have
two great danes and a yorkie
i love yorkies . ever been to new york ? that is where i am from
nope but i'd love to visit .
definitely get some cheesecake and pizza when you do
persona
my mother was a nurse.
i'm a violinist.
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
persona II
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
i love going to concerts.
i'm a librarian.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
dialogue
how are you ? i just got back from the library !
i am well . are you a librarian or a student ?
i work there ! i am going out tomorrow !
what are you going to do tomorrow ?
well , i'm going to see my favorite band in pittsburgh !
awesome . i m going to pick up my new puppy
then , i'll be going out for some food ! italian !
italian is delicious if done right
i do animal shelter work ! what kind of puppy ?
bull terrier . i'm play the violin in the symphony
is that hard to do ?
not when you start at the age of 4 like i did
that sounds like a very long time !
i m only 12 ! just kidding . i m 32 .
so , that is 18 years then ?
close but now quite . . . add a few years
persona
my mother is a teacher.
i am one of four siblings.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to draw.
i live in an apartment.
persona II
i'm a viking.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
i have a big beard.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am good , and how are you ?
i am doing well , thank you ! what kind of hobbies do you have ?
i enjoy drawing and i like to decorate the apartment that i live in .
decorating sounds like a lot of fun . do you enjoy fine dining ?
i have not done that , because i am young and my mom is a busy teacher .
maybe i can take you sometime if you like guys with big beards
sure , that would be nice . i have 3 siblings , how about you ?
an only child , but i'm from a viking village so it felt like i had siblings
i see . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i never really thought about it . maybe blue for the water i fish in
so , you are a fisherman ?
yes that is my profession
awesome , i love to cook all types of fish .
persona
i play tabletop games with friends.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i love rpg computer games.
i still live at home.
persona II
i love to go shopping.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i teach first grade.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
dialogue
good morning ! hopefully the weather is good where you are today .
doing ok , glad to hear your doing well .
what do you do for a living ?
what do you do work ?
i am a first grade teacher . i love my job .
that's really awesome , glad to hear , pays well
it sort of pays well , but as long as i can pay the bills i'm happy .
cool , so much to learn and looked at in a very nice way , held high up
thank you . what is your favorite thing to do ?
really love music , listen to at certain time and feel the music
nice ! my favorite thing of all time is shopping .
great , what is your favorite movie ?
persona
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am 21 years old.
i am a cheerleader.
i live on a ranch.
persona II
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i live in a small town.
i wanted to be a nurse.
i like to go shopping.
i went to college.
dialogue
hello there . what are you doing on this lovely evening ?
i've just been enjoying the outdoors before it gets too cold , you ?
same here ! i just took my car for a little spin . very relaxing .
what car do you have ? we just have trucks on the ranch i live at
i've a jeep . i like to cruise through the woodlands .
that is cool , so what do you like to do . how old are you ?
i'm 37 . i'm a teacher , though medicine was my first calling .
i'm only 21 . not sure what i'm going to do after my cheerleading days
do not worry , just go to the mall like me !
do you like shopping too ?
i do , so much . when i was at harvard i would shop every weekend .
that is pretty cool you went to harvard !
yes ! i was very blessed . did you have an education ?
yes . i cheer is college actually
hat school do you attend ?
i've attended a few haha
persona
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
my favorite band is u2.
my life s passion is designer french fries.
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
persona II
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good how are you ?
horrible i've dirty glasses .
that sucks maybe you should ce
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i work at del taco .
i love that place . my pc is so slow .
it is really good . no worries mine to .
what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is blue yours ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
that's great i like red also .
i really really like hot dogs
that is cool . i like them too .
i'm in love with rita hayworth .
i do not know who that is but cool
persona
i love video games.
my brother works at best buy.
i've two cats , milo and fio.
my favorite sport is soccer.
persona II
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
i am 5 7 tall.
dialogue
hello , my height is 5 feet 7 inches
you are taller than me
no way ! my dog gets a biscuit bought for him every day after i work
aw , doggy ! what kind is he ?
he is obnoxious . i'm working at target .
my brother has a job at best buy . retail can be hard
take a break , see some movies with me every other month .
i would rather play video games
i would rather eat dog biscuits than meet your brother .
he is pretty annoying , i would rather that too
if he is short , i could probably beat him up .
that isn't very nice of you .
annoying people like your brother are annoying though .
someone needs to teach you some compassion and empathy .
someone needs to teach you how to watch movies .
i am literally watching a movie right now
persona
i hate the holidays.
i am a police officer.
i have a gun collection at home.
i drive a ford truck.
persona II
i love wearing name band clothing.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
dialogue
hello . how are you this fine rainy friday
just sitting here polishing my guns . you ?
oh you sound like my dad .
i bet we would get along .
only of you read my oh with rolled eyes .
haha ! well i am a cop so it is only natural for me to love guns
lol i guess . my dad is not a cop though .
ah . well hopefully he drives a ford truck like a real man .
he drives what he can afford . lol .
oh okay . so tell me more about yourself
oh . . i could have played basketball professionally .
that is impressive . the next michael jordan ?
ha , maybe . now i prefer to create music .
music is okay . better than the holidays . i hate those
halloween is my favorite holiday . followed by christmas .
gross . they are just awful !
persona
i like to paddle board.
i like to visit places around the world.
i have been to every state except alaska.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to swim in the lake.
persona II
i wish magic was real.
i like fantasizing.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i love christmas.
dialogue
hello . what are you up to ?
hi , about getting ready to relax for today
i like to relax and fantasize about a lot of things .
well that sound good to me .
do you like magic ? i wish it was real .
yes i went to see a show , it show look real
what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas . i love it .
mine is christmas also when everyone come around
i so like it when the packages arrive in the mail for christmas .
yes , i love camping out , what about you ?
i went camping one time a long time ago .
ok , i went on fishing trip what you did ?
i've never been fishing , but i do go hiking .
cool , that sound good never been hiking
what other things do you like to do ?
i love travel to different places
persona
i have 5 children.
i have an internship at a computer company.
i'm a student.
i like to go fishing.
persona II
my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
i moved to america when i was 14.
i got married when i was young.
i like to cook.
i've three children.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i am good how are you
i am doing okay , just watching my children
that is nice how mant kids do you have
i have three , do you have any
i have 5 they can be a handful
oh wow , i would love to have five . i bet you cook a lot !
yeah i'm also in school so its a lot of work but worth it
i would imagine you are extremely busy !
yeah i try to go fishing on the weekend to wind down
fishing ? i've never been , that sounds fun
really that is funn waht do you like to do
well i enjoy cooking , i immigrated here when i was 14
that's pretty cool where did you move from
we moved from italy , my parents still do not speak english
wow italy is so beautiful
persona
my favorite number is 7.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
i'm a deaf man.
i never learned how to drive.
persona II
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
i draw all the time and i'm good at it.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
my wife makes the best pasta.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well , and yourself ?
pretty good since i am painting and listening to pink . do you paint ?
i do not paint , that's an interesting talent .
i am also pretty good at drawing which i do all of the time .
are you a professional or just for fun ?
just for fun . are you married ? i have a wife .
did you school for that ? i'm widowed .
sorry to hear that . no , just a natural talent of mine . whats for dinner ?
i've not thought of dinner . maybe deliver . i don't drive .
i do not drive either . just having the best pasta made by my wife .
being deaf makes me paranoid to drive
actually , i only drive for work which takes a whole hour every morning .
thankfully i work from home .
that's awesome for you ! i will be working from home next month .
is it the same job ? or a new one ?
persona
i enjoy reading.
i love to clean my house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
persona II
i work in tv.
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i m a lesbian.
i don t treat my girlfriend very well.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am great , how about you ?
doing well , just getting ready for work
cool , what kind of work do you do ?
i work in television behind the scenes .
oh i love tv , i'm a homebody so i watch a lot of it
i like it too but my passion is really singing
i wish i could sing . my passion is reading
my girlfriend loves to read
i wish i had a girlfriend . i live with my sisters
my girlfriends sweet but i don't always treat her as she deserves
yeah just be lucky you have one .
i do always cook her breakfast each sunday
oh that's nice of you to do that
persona
my feet are size six women s.
i have a french bulldog.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
i play bass.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
persona II
i am single.
i work for a newspaper.
my passion is writing.
my favorite color is grey.
i love to do yoga.
dialogue
vera here . i did not die ! i love bass though . you ?
hi i am great and weekend
huh ? i like red hot chili peppers . you ?
oh them i love them too
hmmm . boozer is my french bulldog . you have pets ?
yes , same as mine and i love my pet
i wear 6 in womens shoes . i work at sears . you work ?
we have same size how odd
good ! you need a washer ? sears is having a sale .
i wanted journalist for a newspaper
get out ! me too ! i like spicy meatballs . you ?
bass is what you play too ?
yes ! omg ! you are my bass guitar twin . you play anything else ?
nothing else but i wanna learn something else
i see . don't tell me you work at sears okay ?
yes , i do . i am selling like washers
persona
i am a meat eater.
i love country music.
i like football on tv.
i like to go hunting.
persona II
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i chew my nails.
i'm studying to be a special education teacher.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ?
well howdy . i'm doing alright , i reckon . how about yourself ?
i am doing fine , thank you . what do you do on your spare time ?
i do just about everything a country boy oughta . hunting , fishing , football , you name it .
i love that ! i enjoy kayaking . we do so everyweekend on the lake .
what lake do all go kayak at ? do all go as a family ?
lake chaplain in vermont . my friends and i do .
so you are a real southern boy , too ! nothing better than a bonfire at the lake .
i hear you ! my kind of thing . at the mean time , studying to be an ed teacher
whats ed mean ? well , besides the meaning you get with late night tv commercials .
special education , apologies on that . commercials , netflix is my thing
netflix ? man , good luck dealing with that . my wife and i could not get it working .
persona
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
i am a redhead.
i ve danced since i was two.
i can say the alphabet backwards.
persona II
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
i take fridays off in the summer.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am good how are you ?
i'm just working a lot
where do you work at
i'm in sales i work from home
nice are you married then
no i am single . how about you ?
i got married in paris yeah
that's awesome . what is your favorite food ?
i really like french food
i bet it is amazing . i love the pastries .
they are very delicious i say
what is your favorite color ?
mine is red like my hair you ?
persona
my grandma raised me.
my favorite color is red orange.
i want to be a music teacher.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
i play the violin.
persona II
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i've 2 sisters.
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
i am a baker.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi , i'm great . looking forward to going to see some horror movies for halloween .
that sounds like fun . i am currently into silicon valley .
oh , nice . is that where you are from ? i still live with my grandmother .
i live at home with my two sisters and my mother , who is a dentist .
interesting ? do you work ? i'd like to become a music teacher .
i work in a bakery . also i play tennis a lot . you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy playing the violin . do you have a favorite color ?
my favorite color is orange . you have any siblings ?
i like red orange ! i have a younger brother .
so are you still in school ?
yes , studying music education . how about you ?
i wish . my work as a baker takes up to much of my time .
you probably have to get up early . i stay up late watching movie often .
yes i do . i stay up too late sometimes binge watching silicon valley .
i watch a lot of horror flicks , haven't seen silicon valley
persona
i do the shopping in my house.
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i like meat too much.
persona II
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i am a retired computer programmer.
i have one grandson and one daughter.
i love animals.
i just turned 77.
dialogue
hello ! despite my age , i love meeting new people
that is cool . do you eat meat ? i like it too much . lol
i actually don't because i'm really into animals
oh you must be a vegan .
it is rare for my age but i want to save the earth for my family .
i'd be a vegan too , but pork just tastes too good to me .
do you have any family ?
it is wonderful to eat lots of fruits and vegetables , but i am too lazy .
well maybe one day you'll feel like it . retirement helped inspire me .
i live with my parents and do all the shopping for the household .
that sounds nice ! i am retired now so i am all on my own .
i've not even had a job yet . lol
well your time will come ! i used to program computers .
it might not . i play the lottery and hope to win instead of work .
persona
i have two cats , milo and fio.
i love video games.
i'm canadian.
my brother works at best buy.
persona II
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
i like fitness.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my parents own a business that i m now running.
dialogue
hello , do you like to travel ?
hi , sure i love to travel . i am from canada
that is interesting . what is your favorite place to travel ? mine is jamaica .
i love europe , so many things to see and do
agreed . i am going to barbados in november . what do you do for a living ?
i am a district manager at best buy with my brother and you ?
i took over the family business after my parents stepped down .
what kind of business is it ?
it is a fitness center . i really enjoy working out . do you ?
i like hanging out with my two cat , that is all the exercise i need
i definitely understand that . pets can be a handful .
do you have any pets ?
i don't , unfortunately i'm too busy with the business and traveling .
i understand they require a lot of attention
definitely . do you have more than just the two cats ?
no . . . i'd like a bird though
persona
i sleep 8 hours.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
i use the computer all day.
i love hockey.
persona II
i'm vegan.
i live close to the coast.
i've red hair.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i work at a retail store.
dialogue
hi there !
hi how are you ?
great , i just got back from the beach . you ?
great ! vacation or you live near a beach ? i just talked to mom .
i live near the beach . that is nice . you seem family oriented !
that is how they raised me . mom takes care of my grandma now .
how
family is important to me . mom helps grandma around with everything .
so what do you like doing other than spend time with family ?
i am passionate about hockey . and the 8 hour sleep is a must !
hockey ! wow , you must be very competitive . do you win a lot ?
play more for fun . like the activity , since i'm at a computer all day
makes sense . i like doing fun stuff and relaxing . surfing is so relaxing !
lucky you , since you can do that near where you live ! what fun stuff ?
persona
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
i've a cat named mater.
i like to play basketball.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
persona II
i listen to country music.
my mother is a school teacher.
i like to surf.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i am a reality tv star.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing dude ?
doing well , just hanging out with my cat mater
nice ! i like cats . i did not get to see them too much in the circus though .
oh , yeah , probably not many cats there
i used to be the clown but now i am in reality tv
cool , i do not watch tv much , but i play a lot of basketball
that's very healthy , i surf
nice , surfing looks like a lot of fun
it is very fun . i also like music
cool , what kind of music ? i like jazz and hip hop
i like country music the most but jazz and hip hop are cool too
right on . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza , my grandma makes the best
that sounds awesome . i love pizza too ! but i'm on a diet now .
oh , so no ice cream for you then . haha
i sneak it in ! i am trying to gain my six pack again
haha , good luck with that
persona
i drive a restored mustang.
i'm a college student.
i play football.
my father is a doctor.
persona II
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
dialogue
hi there . i'm going enrolled at union college . are you in school ?
hello , ohio state in tha house !
nice . bills fan here , got season tickets . who you like in the nfl ?
i live in browns country . my dad and several other doctors have box seats .
fantastic . i'm planning on becoming an english teacher . you going to be a doctor ?
no , i'm going to be a vet .
even better . i am originally from syracuse . you ?
cleveland , ohio . i restored my 1965 mustang last year .
i love mustangs . my brother had one . you have any siblings ?
i have one . we don't speak .
anything else you would like to share ?
are you safe from the floods and fire ?
i'm . i live in indiana .
i'm in ohio , we are safe too
persona
i am twenty one years old.
i've a small pet cat.
i am currently going to school to be an artist.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
persona II
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to paddle board.
i like to visit places around the world.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i like to swim in the lake.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm good and you
i am good getting back from a swim
but it is raining outside
i like to swim in all weather
do you work anywhere then
no i just spend a lot of time outside
that does sound very healthy
it is i like to travel
do you travel often then
i do i want to get to alaska
that sounds very cold yeah
yeah i'd probably go in the summer
yeah and see some fish
persona
i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn't feel like it was worth the effort.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
persona II
and also love drawing.
i have started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
i love comics.
dialogue
hey i like drawing do you ?
hey ! i do too but i'm not good at it
that is too bad , i've sent some of my comics to a publisher
cool ! any luck ? i'm more into fashion
no , i just publish online
that is still good ! i've won a pageant but it was too much effort
that is good ! you should keep trying though
maybe ! i let my self go so it might be harder to start over
do not be so hard on yourself
trying not to ! do you have a favorite book ?
no , i stick to comics
ahh true ! i love anne of green gables . its my favorite
persona
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i love to read.
i live in a medium sized city.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
persona II
my name is william , but people call me bill.
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i've three beautiful dogs and one cat.
dialogue
hey , whats your name ? how are you ?
hello , my name is lucy . i'm well , and yourself ?
doing great . my given name is william , but i go by bill .
nice to meet you bill . where are you from ?
outside of grand rapids , michigan . and you , lucy ?
navarre , florida . its great ! not too big and right by the beach . i love it .
i'd definitely trade the beach for my little farm and herding cattle lol
my family lived on a pig farm ! does family help at your farm ?
that's awesome , well our pet animals help . the 3 gorgeous dogs and cat keep pests away .
animals are great help too . i had five siblings . we did all the work .
wow , that sounds like a big help to your parents .
sure was ! so , what do you like to do in your free time bill ?
i am interested in repairing automobiles . and yourself ?
my dad builds hotrods ! me ? i like to cook , read and travel .
good for him , mechanical work is strengthening . whats your favorite place ?
as i said earlier , i love the beach . how about yours ?
persona
i've been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
i've tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
i've been married for 6 years.
persona II
i ride a unicycle.
my favorite band is metallica.
i am a college student.
i work at the grocery store.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i'm chilling in my college dorm room .
oh sounds fun . . i'm great , just headed to a brewery to try my 36th new beer
cool . the grocery store where i work carries like 70 different beers .
i work at a brewery , craft beers are my passion
awesome . do you drive to work ?
actually no , i prefer the scenic walk . and you ?
no i take my unicycle with me across campus .
oh i have never been on a unicycle . my wife of 6 years would laugh so hard
ya . it is a lot of fun . what kind of music do you like ?
everything except country , its terrible haha . and you ?
i only listen to metallica . that is my jam
oh i'm into the heavy metal much . . mostly rap
ah . i think metallica is the coolest .
what do you do for fun ?
besides my unicycle l . not much . you ?
i enjoy running . . and kayaking too
persona
i wish that i lived in the city.
i've allergies.
i live on a pig farm.
i dislike animals.
i'm a vegetarian.
persona II
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
i m a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi thank you i'm not good
and why is that then ?
i boring here i want to go city
then go to the city
i hate pigs i live a farm
why do you hate the pigs then
every day i've to clean and feed them . where are you live ?
i guess do you make bacon ?
you are wrong i am vegetarian
oh you should give me the bacon then
do you like bacon then you can get all you
do you have any flowers ?
there are many flowers here but i want to city . i want to see buildings
then go see the buildings i say
where do you live . are you pleased with your environment
persona
i don t like being asked a lot of questions.
i've a shopping addiction.
i think about food a lot.
i love the forest.
persona II
i like to hike.
i write fiction for fun.
my mother is dead.
i have a golden retriever.
i work in advertising.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good and how are you ?
i am doing great today
that is good . i am sorry but i do not like being ask a bunch of questions
what do you like ? any hobbies
hiking , due to my love of the forest . shopping as well , i am addicted
i like to do that too
i enjoying thinking about food and new recipes a lot
what do you like to cook
meals that include deer meat because i've a love for the forest
do you like to hunt
no but my husband does so we go camping while he hunts
do you camp a lot
i'm sorry but could you not ask me questions . it makes me nervous
why does it make you nervous
because i am addicted to shopping and think a lot about food
persona
i am a baker.
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i have 2 sisters.
persona II
i'm a student.
i have 5 children.
my mom is a lawyer.
i like to go fishing.
i've an internship at a computer company.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hello . i am well . how are you ?
very tired . my children kept me up last night
how many do you have ?
five . i also go to school and have an internship , so i am busy
wow . that's impressive . my mother was in a similar situation years ago while in dental school .
my mother is a lawyer . she definitely helps when she can
what do you enjoy doing as a hobby ?
i love going fishing when i've time . what about you ?
i enjoy playing tennis and baking .
yum ! what are your favorite things to bake ?
i love baking pies . i also enjoy making cakes from scratch .
what is your favorite kind of pie ?
apple . i also love coconut cream and banana cream .
those are all good . i am very excited for pumpkin pie during the holidays .
yes . i love pumpkin flavored everything . do you bake ?
persona
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i am a barista.
my family is from algeria.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
persona II
i commute by bus.
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i've 3 science classes.
dialogue
hello my name is frank
hello frank , how are you tonight ?
i am doing great . i just got off work from the campus library .
that's great ! i just got off work as a barista
what city do you live in ?
a small city in algeria , my whole family is from here
i'm in new orleans , where i just began going to college
do you play any music ?
i major in science . i've three classes and i don't have much time for music
i am a biology major and i've 4 classes and 2 four hour labs
how do you get around in algeria ? i have to get to school using a bus .
i mainly walk places , energy efficient !
yea , i just started attending college so the bus works great for staying on time .
the worst is waking up early for class to walk there
persona
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i am an award winning th member.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
i can speak four languages fluently.
persona II
i am 50 years old.
my husband just decided to leave me.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband does not want them.
i enjoy ice cream.
dialogue
hi ! ! 1
hello , how are you doing
good and you ?
i am doing great getting to go to work .
where do you work ?
i'm a plumber and you
i'm 50 and don't work . i've 4 kids
yeah i've one ,
my husband decided to leave me . with all 4 of the dang kids
wow , i am sorry ,
yeah the kids are my responsibility now . he just up and left .
i to live alone with my son , i volunteer in my son boys scout to spent time
life is a cruel mistress . i'm 50 and stuck with 4 kids .
maybe you should look at it differently , as a blessing
persona
i have 3 thumbs.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i like the color red.
i talk very fast.
persona II
i love animals.
i love to watch ted talks.
i do not much like tv.
i love to walk in the woods.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today
hey there , my name is abby rodriguez . tell me something interesting about yourself !
i love hiking and animals . you ?
i'm doing well thanks , i can type 140 wpm and i talk really fast
that's awesome . i can talk really fast too . i like to watch ted talks
that's a good show , i also have three thumbs on my right hand !
ahahah ! i am jealous ! ll .
do you have a favorite color ? mine is red
i love pink ! but light blue is a close second
oooh pink is a good color , blue is too !
yeah , i am not too fond of red , but pink outweighs every color ;
haha good point ! do you have a favorite animal ?
oh gosh , it would have to be a cat and a dog !
org same here ! i have 2 cats and 2 dogs !
persona
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i work in a veterinary office.
i've 2 cats.
i'm vegan.
persona II
my name is nancy.
i like barbies.
i m a girl.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i am an only child.
dialogue
hello i am nancy . how are you ?
hi ! i am michelle . i am good ! i am eating some strawberries
i like strawberries too . i am playing with my barbie dolls .
that sounds fun . you should come to the beach and play with them .
i'd love to . do you live by the beach ?
no , but i love going . do you have pets ?
no i am always alone . no brothers and sisters , no pets .
that sounds horrible ! i am sorry . you can visit me and my cats .
really ? that's really nice of you . how many cats do you have ?
two candy and dandy . they are sweet .
i really want to meet them . where do you live ?
in california . i don't eat animal products so can you deal with that ?
that is no a problem . i like veggies anyway .
good ! it sounds like we would get along well .
yes ! i will try to visit you soon .
you could even come to the vet with me !
persona
i am on a low carb diet.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
persona II
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
i studied early childhood education in college.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
i have a puppy named tiki.
dialogue
hello , i'm a teacher , what do you do for a living ?
i'm an aspiring actor model
i hope everything goes right , continue perfecting your passion
its hard . very
just keep trying , i have faith in you , you can do anything
my parents tell me to give up
what is your name ?
jessie
well jessie , you are gods child , and he has a purpose for you , fulfill your gifts
thank you . i live jazz . . . what do you like ?
i like pop musical gospel music
are you christian ?
yes , i am
i am catholic
persona
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i play the bass guitar.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
i like to go out fishing.
i work out daily.
persona II
i eat all take out.
i still live at home with my parents.
i do not want a job.
i'm 32.
dialogue
hello . i eat take out way too much . it is all i ever eat .
haha . try cheeseburgers . it is my favorite !
what do you do for a living ? i don't want to work .
i play the guitar in a club . bass .
that sounds cool . i still live with my parents . i've never been to a club .
same here . my mum teaches in the city .
my mom is a nurse .
cool . so what do you do for fun ? i love going fishing .
i play video games . at 32 i should be working and not playing games .
tough luck . i go to a gym daily to work out .
that will keep you healthy .
it will ! do you like sports ?
i watch football and play once in awhile .
not me . head injuries are bad . just ask aaron hernandez .
persona
i own 9 guitars.
i'm a fan of system of a down.
i learned piano at age 6.
i'm a vegan.
i'm trying to play in a local band.
persona II
i've really long fingernails.
i hate wearing make up.
my favorite color is orange.
i own a hot pink moped.
dialogue
hi how is ur weekend going so far
pretty good . i just bought my 9th guitar to add to my collection !
you like music ? i like too . .
i love the band system of a down ! i'm in a cover band that plays locally .
i was in a band when i was in school
me too ! my parents made me take piano lessons since i was 6 years old .
that is too young . . you are rockstar
well , my cover band isn't exactly star status . what instrument do you play ?
trumpet was my speciality . . and i was doing vocal aswell
i don't do vocals . i cannot stand the smell of cigarettes and burgers in the bars .
even i hate that too
well , its gotten worse since i switch from vegetarian to vegan .
what happened ? ? these days there are too many vegan recipes
hey , now ! there can never be too many recipes for us ! are you vegan too ?
persona
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i can t stand salads.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
persona II
welding is my career field.
my parents do not know i'm gay.
i am primarily a meat eater.
i like playing video games.
i am a guitar player.
dialogue
hi , can i play some guitar for you ?
sure . ugh ! my mom made salad again for dinner !
i usually only eat meats . want to come for dinner ?
sure but i have to be home early . valedictorian speech to write .
okay , but be warned , do not mention i'm gay to my mom . they do not know .
no worries . i can lie just like my salesman of a father .
we could play some video games , and be happy .
that sounds like fun . i hang with my grandparents all day .
i like old people . are they smelly ?
yes but i've lots of siblings so it is ok . at least they are quiet .
i think that would be interesting .
yep . better than being a stay at home mom , like my mom .
you shouldn't look down upon her . that's mean .
i don't . i'm just glad that'sn't my job . do you work ?
persona
i work in a used book store.
i drink a lot of tea.
i hope to one day be a published author.
i write short stories in my free time.
persona II
my parents have been married for 40 years.
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
i love to read.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight
i've just settled in with david copperfield , so it will be a nice night . you ?
i am good watching meade halloween
is that a tv show ? i spend more time with books .
no its actually a movie
is it spooky , or something i can enjoy with some nice herbal tea ?
its more of a funny halloween movie
ah , charming ! i'll have to work on a halloween story this year . writing is my passion .
that is cool what do you like to write about
adventure stories mostly . page turners with a lot of heart .
that is cool i couldn't do it
hoping to try luck with publication someday ! what do you do ?
i love to bake i can look at a photo and make a cake
that is a great talent . cake is my favorite dessert . good with tea .
yep it helps with stress to
spending time in the book store where i work gives me peace .
persona
i read autobiographies before bed.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite band is metallica.
i've a cat named george.
persona II
i live in chicago.
i do yoga three times a week.
i am a high school teacher.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i'm married with 2 kids.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good ! just relaxing , here , listening to some metallica .
do you ever do yoga then ?
sometimes , when i go to the gym .
i do it 3x a week its relaxing
so i've heard . play any music while you do it ?
no but i do teach kids
awesome ! i've read some about people who have taught kids that kind of stuff .
do you ever do volunteer work ?
no , but i have been thinking about it . i need to schedule a time for it .
you should i was at the red cross recently for hurricane relief
i have heard about that . they need all the help they can get .
persona
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i believe i hear voices.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i tend to argue with myself more than i argue with myself.
i'm lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
persona II
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
some jokes go too far.
i like simple jokes.
i prefer the simpler times.
i like the flintstones.
dialogue
hi , do you like jokes ?
um , not really . do you like jokes ?
some would say i am a joker , but some jokes go too far
oh that is unfortunate . do you like cake ?
love cake ! do you bake ?
no , but i do love cake that is mystery flavoured
oh not me , i like to know what i'm getting . i like simple times
gotcha , the voices in my head like to keep me picking surprises
there is a guy on southpark that has voices in his head my friends watch it
oh ? i think i hear them because no one else seems to hear them
that could be a problem for you . do you watch the flintstones ?
no i do not . do you ?
yes i really like to watch them . do you like any shows ?
no . i like watching the pool boy at the neighbors though
that is scandal waiting to happen !
ha , well he is quite a cutie
persona
i want people to think i m cool.
i try to eat healthy or i don t eat at all.
i obsess over working out and being the best.
it s important for my instagram posts to look like i m having fun.
persona II
i live in a condo.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i've a large mustache.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
hey there how are you i am well ?
i am in withdrawl so could be better
i am having a really good time
that's very good . i am waiting for my girlfriend
i love my instagram page , i like people to think i am dope
wow so your about the looks ?
do you like to eat healthy ?
i do not . i am a recovering alcoholic so i like junk
i understand you should try to eat healthy
it is very hard for me
what do you do for a living ?
i am actually retired
awe what did you retire from ?
i used to be a newspaper reporter
really for where ? did you like it
persona
i'm very athletic.
i wear contacts.
i love bicycling.
i hate carrots.
persona II
i smoke a pipe.
i ve been married five times.
i love to eat eggplant.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
dialogue
how are you today ?
good thanks , you ? what are your hobbies ?
i am doing fine thanks for asking .
what hobbies do you have ?
i like to smoke exotic tabacco in my pipe .
oh i hate smoking it messes with my lungs and i am really into fitness
have you ever been to chicago ?
yes a long time ago it was great
i hit the gym too , but prefer weights .
i really enjoy cycling
i own a bar in chicago actually so the smell does not bother me .
cool how long have you owned it ?
cycling is great for the heart .
how long have you owned your bar ?
it has been in my family for 40 years .
cool do you have a favorite place to visit in chicago ?
persona
nachos are my favorite food.
i should beverage been born a prince.
i hate talking to people.
i play d and d.
persona II
i've a long drive to work.
i like to read.
traffic makes me mad.
i listen to podcasts.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
this is really hard for me , talking to people is something i hate .
podcast help me with anger management in traffic .
i use d an d in the same way , i play it all the time .
i've a long commute , i use them to relax
i think i should have lead another live , be born a prince .
i live vicariously through books , you should try it .
i live life through the fuel of nachos .
you sound like my son , lol . only his is tacos .
very similar and delicious none the less .
i prefer brownies and cake .
those are what you have after nachos !
i believe it , the way he raids the sweet bin .
you have a whole bin of sweets ?
persona
my favorite music is rock and roll.
i'm from russia.
i go to school for business.
i enjoy skiing.
i love to travel.
persona II
i like to drive for hours.
i used to smoke.
i've 10 piercings.
i can t live without my friends.
my favorite food is italian.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
hey , i am doing well . how are you ?
just talking with my friends . i love spending time and talking with them a lot !
that is cool . i'm a resident of russia
interesting . i've never been there before .
i like it here . i enjoy visiting other places . do you like to travel ?
i love driving around . i could drive for hours and hours .
lol . do you like skiing ? it is one of my favorite things
i am not good at sports . i was a smoker in the past .
oh okay . i am trying to get my business degree
good for you ! i just got my tenth piercing !
really ? that is kind of interesting
yes i love piercings and italian food !
that's cool . nothing wrong with that
persona
i am a grown woman.
i am in a motorcycle club.
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i've more then 10 tattoos.
i have never lost a fight.
persona II
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i want people to think i m cool.
i try to eat healthy or i don t eat at all.
it s important for my instagram posts to look like i m having fun.
dialogue
hello i work out a lot
hi . i get plenty of fresh in the motorcycle club i am in .
that is absolutely great just fantastic
yes , as a grown woman i've at least 10 tattoos and never lost a fight .
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
sorry to hear that . you could ride with me . i can go 208 mph for 10 minutes .
what is your favorite fruit ?
i like apples and oranges . i have tried exotic fruit but never again .
i i cannot eat healthy , i would rather not
oh , so you like fried foods or fast food best ?
i really really like hot dogs
i hate hot dogs . they all taste bad to me .
i just like posting them on instagram
that is nice . i have never used instagram .
you have to look like you are having fun
oh i understand . it is like the picture does not need words .
persona
i like to kayak.
i run six miles a day.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like imagine dragons.
persona II
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i like to make my own clothes.
i can do convincing bird calls.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing just fine . how are you ?
i am good thanks for asking
you are welcome . got any hobbies ?
i love animals and crafting
both of those sound great
what do you do for a living ?
i breathe to stay alive . oh and eat
so no job right now ?
oh i work for a model airplane company
what city are you from ?
houston . how about you ? haha
i'm in cali , ever been ?
nope . but i do enjoy some butter dipped crab
are you a seafood person ?
i'm just a regular person . made of flesh
persona
i'm going to start school at the university of kentucky.
i have 2 brothers.
i have been in band all four years of high school.
i am a senior in high school.
i'm interested in producing music.
persona II
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i only take the bus.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm doing well thank you , and you ?
i am ok . i am an old lady on ssi and i ride only the bus .
oh , i am only a senior in high school , and i ride the bus too
we have that in common . i like yellow , what is your favorite color ?
i like blue the best , but my brothers say i should like pink
why do they say that ? living on ssi sucks .
because i'm a girl . i could imagine it does
so girls cannot like blue ? i babysit for next door neighbor .
that's cool . how many kids and how old are they
2 . i've problems paying my utilities all the time . i should charge her .
oh , you are doing it for free ? yes she should pay you .
yes , totally free . i will start charging so i can pay my bill .
that sounds like a good idea , and it is only fair
it is . i will tell her when she picks them up tonight .
good idea . i'm saving to go to college at kentucky university
persona
i have 5 brothers and sisters.
i work as a waitress.
i ride a bike.
i like to draw.
i live in north dakota.
persona II
i'm a great baker.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i like to sew.
i like to hunt for my food.
dialogue
hey how are you today
i am good how about yourself ?
i'm doing ok enjoying a day off
what do you do for a living ?
i bake at a bakery at the high end of town
i love bakeries ! ! that must be a lot of fun .
it can be but tiring at times
i bet . i'm a waitress and the long hours can be tough .
i understand that . what do you do for fun
i enjoying drawing and riding my bike . you ?
i hunt and sew . i hunt so i have meat
my 5 brothers hunt too . my sister and i would cook the meat .
do you like music i like pop music especially katy perry
i do like to listen to music on my bike rides .
persona
i like to play basketball.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
i like lightning mcqueen.
i've a cat named mater.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i can t go a single day without eating ice cream.
dialogue
hey there , how are you today ?
i am am doing good do u like sports
i do , i run marathons . how about you ?
i like basketball it is my favorite sport to play
nice , i like basketball too . i also love boating in the river .
i love pizza and my grandmother likes to help me make pizzas
that sounds like fun . i love pizza ! i am a total dessert person , especially ice cream
ice cream is the greatest dessert ever
it is , every night i've at least one scoop !
what is your favorite movie
good question , probably paul blart mall cop , my dad was a police officer
good movie mine is cars i love lightning mcqueen and mater
i love the movie cars !
do u have any pets i've a cat named mater he's just a kitten
persona
i never cook.
i take great care of my skin.
i am an actress and i work at a grocery store.
i think i will be famous one day.
persona II
i'm a older woman.
my favorite food is pasta.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
i live in a rural area.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well and you ?
i'm doing well tell me about yourself . i'm a retired mature woman .
interesting , i'm working at a grocery store but i'm really an actress
i am retired so spend most of my days with my husband and helping at a local shelter
fun ! i don't cook because i am constantly taking care of my skin
that makes sens . i love to cook , we live in the country so not may restaurants .
cool ! i hoping to be famous
that would be fun , you been on tv at all ?
no , but maybe someday haha
do not ever give up your dream .
so what do you do for fun ?
i cook mostly . i love pasta so always looking for new recipes
umm ! i love pasta as well but only from olive garden
persona
i play dungeons and dragons.
i wear a lot of purple.
i want to be a doctor.
i like going to canada.
persona II
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i m a 30 year old male.
i just finished training as a security guard.
i work nights now and like my job.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing great . . . i just finished a dungeons and dragons game !
nice did you win though
of course ! what have you been up to tonight ?
i just broke up with my girl
oh man , that is rough . i am sorry .
yeah it was my choice i'm 30 and she is young
i feel you . my partner is younger than me too
yeah it can be tough i work late
agreed . any free time i've i am studying
what do you want to be
hopefully a doctor . . . eventually , someday
that takes some hard work
what do you do for work ?
i'm a security guard
oh cool , do you enjoy it ?
persona
i speak fluent italian.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i am a cat owner.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
persona II
i talk a lot in irc.
superman s my favorite super hero.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i drive only toyota.
i like pepsi.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ? i'm drinking a lot of pepsi tonight .
hello , i'm good tonight , i'm just with my cats
right on ! i am also gnawing on a lot of chocolate chip cookies . tastiest food around .
i like chocolate chip cookies
same here . i eat a lot when i'm talking on irc .
i'm teaching italian , that's my second language
very cool . the guy working on my toyota speaks italian . toyotas my only car .
i drive chevy trucks since i was a teenager
so , the new justice league movie will not have superman in it . he is my fav .
are you for real ? that's not good ,
its what i heard . i am hoping its not true .
did i tell you my right eye is blue and my left is hazel
no you did not . that's cool .
yeah it is really weird , i have a brother that's an archaeologist
i love archaeology . i did a lot of history in college .
i did not i am bad in that subject
persona
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i have a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
persona II
i don t like music.
i have red hair.
i've lots of friends.
my name is nick.
i like to ride my scooter.
dialogue
i take silence over music any day . what color is your hair ?
red . yours ? wanna go to subway for lunch ? it is my favorite
brown hair . no subway . too many carbs . i love scooter riding . you ride ?
yeah i do . i ride to starbucks and hang there . then antique stores
wow . names nick . nice to meet you . you have any friends ?
yeah . we all hang at starbucks . how about you ?
you work at starbucks ? my and i hate music . you sing ?
nah . just love hanging out . and i do sing to my cats .
i see . does your cat sing back ?
he meows some times but no . you have any pets ?
no . i have a little brother . same thing . you cook ?
like the lil b cooking dance ? all the time . swag
oh okay . your friends do this too ?
yeah . we all cook together at starbucks and the antique store
oh okay . you ever work the latte section ?
no . i don't work there . you do no listen .
persona
i love the desert.
i don t have a college degree.
i've an above average iq.
my eyes are bright blue.
persona II
i eat a lot of fish.
my favorite author is jane austen.
i only wear tennis shoes.
i live near the ocean.
i own a boat.
dialogue
hello , how are you , how is day ?
i'm fine , how are you ?
i like fish , what is your favorite dish ?
i don't have a favorite . what are your hobbies ?
i've my own boat and ride every day
interesting . i love going to the dessert .
great , i like very much tennis game , what about you ?
i like reading education books . my iq is above average .
i like jane austen author books
cool . i did not graduate from college
cool , what is your profession ?
i am in between careers right now . what is yours ?
i'm a civil a engineer
intriguing . the most interesting thing about me is my bright blue eyes
good , i like tennis , what is your favorite game ?
i also like tennis as well
persona
my favorite store is american eagle.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
i love to go running.
i do not like vegetables.
persona II
i am bald.
i like to swim.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i don t work.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hey , i'm fine . how about you ? ready for the weekend ?
i am . i am going to the indoor pool
that sounds like a good time . i will probably go running myself .
i love to swim all day
wow , hope it is indoors . i will spend most of the weekend with my family .
how big is your family
just me , my wife and kids . after running we may visit american eagle for some shopping .
what do you like to buy
definitely not vegetables , i hate those . do you like particular foods ?
chocolate milk is the best
yeah , i like some in my coffee . only after running though .
coffee is great as well
yeah , i'm just hoping for a nice quite weekend with my family .
persona
i play the piano.
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i hate flowers.
i am going bald.
persona II
i like makeup.
i have a nice smile.
i love to exercise.
i m not a nice person.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i am good and you
i am well too . just got home from my daily exerciser activity
oh that's nice i just got finished making a dress
are you a tailor ? my art is in makeup .
no it is just something i do in my spare time most of my clothes are homemade
that is beautiful . could you make me one dress ?
i can try when i have the spare time
thank you , that could be really nice .
do you play any instruments ? i like the piano
no , i'm not good at anything really , not even at being a human being .
i think everyone has some kind of talent
you are mistaken , or i am an exception
playing the piano helps me think less of my problems
what kind of problems do you have ?
three years ago i was diagnosed with cancer and i went bald
persona
i like to surf every chance i get.
i love the snow.
my favorite actor is robert denaro.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
persona II
i make ask a year.
i am married with one child.
i own my company.
i barely show up to work.
i pay my employees minimum wage.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing alright just working the graveyard at the local hotel .
ah , bummer i used to do that , but not anymore . own my own company now
i don't mind it gives me time to surf during the day .
nice , are you out on the west coast ?
yeah in oregon . i am from idaho i really miss the snow .
idaho looks like a cool vacation destination to me
yeah i went from snowboarding to surfing . its great .
right on , maybe i should teach the wife and kid to snowboard and take them too !
they would love it ! you watch movies ?
all the time . i barely have to show up for work
nice i love robert denaro movies what about you ?
persona
i've aspergers.
i take everything literally.
i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.
i am very genuine , and don t like small talk.
persona II
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i like lizards.
i have long hair for a boy.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i don t have many friends.
dialogue
i draw in class . no note taking . i love my lizards . you ?
i should tell you i have a medical condition that makes social interaction difficult sometimes
wow ! i want to live in a make believe world . you ?
that's actually impossible . i just started a new job that's helping my personal growth
i see . i don't have friends because of my long hair . you sing ?
no i don't . i've a form of autism
get out ! me too ! how is the job coming ? i play with lizards .
the job is fun , it also helps me learn how to interact with other people
your kidding ! merna jean says boys don't need long hair . you like long hair ?
i have long hair , it is nice .
my is anyway . what type of autism you have ? you dance ?
i dance alone , i don't like touching other people
oh okay . you a boy with long hair ?
no i'm a female
oh okay . i bet you own lizards too right ?
no i do not like reptiles
persona
i have won an olympic medal.
i skydive frequently.
i need certain medications to live.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
persona II
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love zumba.
i like collecting rocks.
i love huge paintings.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am good how are you ?
i'm doing great . do you like fall ?
yes but i prefer summer
i love the season . its nice to have the fall cooking and activities .
thanksgiving is my favorite holiday and christmas
i can understand why you would like that season .
i hate winter it gets too cold
yes , it does . i like a happy median
have you ever been skydiving ?
no , i've not . is it fun ?
yes but its scary too
persona
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
i'm recently divorced.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
persona II
my newest car is a chevy.
i live in california.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
dialogue
i just got a chevy
nice , but not as nice as a corvette , which i cannot afford as of now .
corvette is a chevy , have lots of them in california where i live
ok , you got me . i clearly don't know much about cars .
i'm making spaghetti my favorite thing to eat
the question is will you add meatballs ?
just have tofu here , that should work i'm sure
yikes . glad you are not having me over for dinner .
probably , after i eat i am going to do my favorite thing . . . . read .
would you read an e book about animals , specifically wolves ?
i have several in my animal book collection
great , i will keep writing my e book . i just think people shouldn't own wolves as pets
i need to get a new cat
why a cat when you can have dogs ? i need to know because i am a fan .
so my dog has something to destroy .
what ? my ex husband ? if so , i approve .
persona
my mom is a painter.
i went to japan this summer.
my favorite sport is hockey.
my best friend just moved away.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
persona II
i'm a casual dresser.
my favorite band is nirvana.
i am overall happy with life.
i'm a waitress at a local restaurant.
my car needs some repairs.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
i'm good . just finished playing some hockey .
nice . do you like hockey a lot ?
yeah , at least once a week .
cool . my favorite band of all time is nirvana
i like them too . i went to japan a few months ago .
was it very nice there ?
it was . i had a lot of fun .
i'm very happy in life . how about you ?
i'm too , but a good friend of mine just moved away .
that is too bad . do you have a car ?
no , but i hope to get one soon .
i work as a waitress . how about you ?
i am still in high school .
are you gonna graduate soon ?
in the spring i should .
persona
i drive a jag.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
i'm an angry person.
i'm an old man.
persona II
my favorite band is tool.
i enjoy building computers.
i dropped out of college.
i fly airplanes.
i am in the army.
dialogue
how is it going tonight ? just hanging out here .
good . been a long day . getting old .
i hear that . i'm about ready to let the younger boys take the long flights .
enjoy being young us older men just drink and watch sports
that is what i'll do when i get my discharge . what do you do ?
retired young man . just like to drive my car and relax . you ?
i fly a c 37 for the army . and build computers in my spare time
what you know about the army ? i got stories to tell . come to bar with me sometime .
i will match challenge coins with you , sir .
not liking what you saying . better be the soldier you say you be .
third generation . grandad was field artillery , dad retired a full bird .
than drinks on me soldier . getting old and got to give my car to someone . you .
thank you , sir . it will be a privilege to hear your stories .
will hear great stories my time a blessing young soldier .
dad and i are both mustangs . college was not for me , so no rotc .
my young man . college will fly by though army will man you up .
persona
i'm a couch potato.
i love the walking dead.
i do not have a job.
i eat junk food.
i love comics.
persona II
i've a doberman.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a man.
i work on trucks.
dialogue
hello . how are you this evening ?
i am great just watching tv , i am such a couch potato
me too . order a pizza and i will be in heaven .
what is your favorite tv show , the walking dead is my all time favorite
mine in monday night football . typical guy .
lol yes ! junk food is my favorite too , just curl up on the couch and pig out !
yes . i fix trucks for a living , so just want to relax after work .
i could use a mechanic , i am unemployed so my car has been down for week !
oh no . i feel your pain . i need a second job to feed my doberman .
aww what is his name ? in the comic books i read there is a doberman
his name is gandalf . he is old .
what a cool name , i bet he is so cute
he seems to think so .
haha ! how long have you had him
persona
i visit comic con.
i love anime.
i read a lot.
i draw comics.
persona II
i love smooth jazz.
i live in new york city.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i work on wall street.
i have a poodle named nanette.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how are you ?
good afternoon ! how are you
i'm good , thank you . just listen to smooth jazz at my desk .
i'm not a fan of jazz . i like rock
i love it because i can find it where i live easily .
that is great . i like to read draw
what do you like to read about ?
anime comics . marvel is my fave
do you have any animals ? i have a poodle , her name is nanette
i do not like animals since i'm allergic
oh , i'm sorry to hear that .
been like that for my whole life which is why i read so much
persona
i used to be a lawyer.
my name is albert.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
persona II
my mom died when i was six.
my dad is a college professor.
i'm a petsitter.
i have purple hair.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm great ! name is albert . how are you ?
i am doing well . reading my favorite book .
what is your favorite book ? i had to do a lot of reading in law school .
the tale of genji . nothing to do with law .
i figured . most don't read law books casually .
they're tedious and confusing , haha .
i mustered through it ! i'm a judge in circuit courts now . what you do ?
i am a pet sitter . mostly dogs .
i love dogs . i've one . far too busy for more .
luckily i don't own them , hehe .
you can sit for mine when i am working ! ha .
hey , as long as you pay me !
oh , i'll ! i am all about being fair to everyone .
what kind of dog is he ?
he's a standard poodle .
persona
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
my mother is from russia.
she taught me to cook.
she died when i was 18.
persona II
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to attend wine tours.
we have two sons.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
great . just left my restaurant i started . how about you ?
just got back from a museum visit , it is my favorite thing to do .
what is your favorite kind of museum ?
i enjoy art museums , myself and my two sons go often .
awesome . i wish my mom was still alive .
my husband is old , 20 years older than myself .
wow . i am not married . it was just my mom and i until she died .
do you like wine ? we could go on a wine tour sometime .
i serve wine at the restaurant i started ! it was 3 years ago .
red wine is my favorite especially .
do you like to cook ? mom taught me .
i do , meatloaf is my favorite , what is yours ?
russian food , believe it not . learned russian dishes from mom .
that sounds interested , i have never had russian food .
i still like good american pizza , though ! how old are your sons ?
persona
i am in college.
i love the beach.
i like to party.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
my major is business.
persona II
i have two siberian huskies.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i play guitar.
i'm a michigan state trooper.
dialogue
what did you do today ?
i worked out an getting ready for the weekend .
i need to work out . i eat way too much chocolate cake
what you doing this weekend ?
i am gonna rock out on my guitar . you ?
chocolate cake is okay , i love walking the beach .
my dogs and i do that every so often . i have a couple of siberian huskies
are you in college or already done ?
i'm in college now . i'm a trooper for my school . michigan state
cool , like pizza come check me out . . . best pizza in miami
you work at a pizza place ?
yes i do while i do my studies
what school do you go to ? i love alfredo pizza !
miami state , is that kind any good ?
persona
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
i'm a paramedic.
i love rap music.
i love going fishing.
persona II
i love going to the movies.
i used to wear a cape.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
dialogue
hey , do you want to take me to the movies ?
uh , it would depend on the movie i guess
you could pick , whatever you want
well , in general whats your favorite movie ?
hmmm . . maybe superhero movies . maybe no .
it depends the superhero , some of them are just overplayed
that's very rude of you to say . you cannot borrow my cape now
i wear my own kind of cape , i work as a paramedic
i do not understand what that even means honestly
i save lives like superheros , i work in an ambulance
but what brand cape do you wear ?
its gucci , why you asking ?
i was just curious . mine is probably better than yours .
the arrogance is strong in this one , yes
so , anyway , what movie are you taking me to see ?
well , how about dumb and dumber ?
persona
i m 53 years old.
i live in alabama.
i am obese.
i've twelve kids.
i've blonde hair.
persona II
i eat exclusively meat.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
my favorite movie is good burger.
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight
i'm good , 53 in alabama
i am in cleveland , looking to move to florida next year .
wow , that is so nice , i cant move coz of obesity
that is too bad , i exercise a lot and eat only meat .
my  children too i can t leave them behind
oh , wow . i never want children , they are too messy .
they got all my hair , blondies
i'm a redhead , my best friend is a blond .
oh , wow . you guys are rear
not really , there are a lot of us .
oh i thought you guys are few i do not know anyone
weird , i see them all over no matter where i go .
i do not around here around me
maybe you need to get out more and pay attention .
maybe i should that really
persona
i play the piano.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i make my own clothes.
i hate flowers.
i am going bald.
persona II
i love wearing flip flops.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i love laughing.
i have freckles.
dialogue
hi names bert , i wear flip flops all year around
hi bert , i'm sam ! do your feet get cold in winter ?
not really , my best friend is coming to visit from tanzania
that is fun ! you know , i ran into jimmy fallon the other day !
wow that's awesome there are these freckles around my nose my bf finds cute
i wish i had cute freckles i'm just losing my hair going bald here lol
everything is about me having fun and laughing which i love to do .
that's so cool . i like to play piano to have fun
that is awesome and my best friend is visiting from tanzania next week .
i could make some clothes for you and your friend i make my own !
that would be cool and we can be twins ! !
as long as there are no flowers i don't like them
haha ok make something that you think we would like !
perfect ! i can do that !
persona
i speak fluent german.
i am six feet tall.
i wish i was a tiger.
my mom and dad are both red headed.
i tell bad jokes on purpose.
persona II
i used to be a chef , but i m a teacher now.
i like to go on walks.
i like to bake.
i am from mexico.
i've 2 cats.
dialogue
good day ! my name is
okay what is your name ?
my name is rosa . i've two cats !
cats , your name should be caterer . bad jokes are what i do best .
i see . i teach veterinary prosthetics . today , our class made right hind dog legs .
do you work on tigers too . my favorite animal .
yes , most tiger prosthetics involve eyeballs . why caterer ? i use to be a chef
wow , hit that without knowing .
oh cool . must be telepathic ! anyway , i was born in mexico city . where are you from ?
german was the language i studied but never gone to germany .
i'm a huge fan of german pastry
me , too . by the way , call me red , just like both my parents , i've red hair .
maybe we could go to germany and take a walk in the christmas market
oh , fun . you can not lose me in a crowd as i am six foot .
okay i will call you big red
and i will call you little rosa .
persona
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i go to multiple comic cons.
i am an anime fan.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
my job involves building drones.
persona II
i work at a coffee shop.
my mom was a hairdresser.
my favorite color is red.
i drive a prius.
i love to dance.
dialogue
welcome to starbucks . may i take your order ?
no thanks . my name is jace and i'm a fan of anime
i forgot i am not at work .
really . . . do you like to go to comic cons because i do .
no , i'd rather dance in my red leotard and tutu .
i only listen to techno music
i wear red , i drive a red prius , and i prefer to eat red food .
i build drones for a job , in my wardrobe there's a lot of band tees
any red tees ? can you tell i like red ? lol
yeah my red hot chili pepper tee
that would be great . mom my used to color my hair red .
to what color was your hair ?
it is back to blonde now . she's no longer a hairdresser .
yeah , oh wow ok that makes sense .
it was cheap to have her do it . my coffee shop job doesn't pay well .
of course might as well pay family members .
persona
i like to paddle board.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i like to visit places around the world.
persona II
i'm a christian.
i work in the it industry.
my father used to work for microsoft.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i like football.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
well . i was just visiting a friend at her cabin which has a lake so lovely
what do you do for a living ?
retired . i need to visit alaska and then i have seen all 50 states
what city are you from ?
cleveland ohio . have you ever gone paddle boarding ? so much fun
i am more into sports and football
good exercise ! i like to travel the world
do you have any pets ?
i've a cat named radar he's very sweet and you ?
i have two dogs and a cat
i do love animals they are great company
persona
my nails are painted green.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
i've a pet skunk.
my brother thinks he s a viking.
persona II
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i like watching ufc fights.
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i enjoy travel.
dialogue
what are you doing right now
i am studying for an exam for my art history class ! what about you ?
you are a student ? just getting ready to go to my factory job
i am , i just recently moved to portland oregon and decided to go back to school .
what are you going to school for ?
i'm going to art school ! i hope to be a graphic designer .
i think you'll do great . i wish i made more money so i could travel
me too ! i have never been out of the country , i wish i could go to europe !
i'd love to go again . it is beautiful there
when did you last go ? i have only heard amazing things .
a few years ago . do you do anything for fun ?
i love caring for animals , i've many pets . my weirdest is probably a pet skunk !
how cute haha . i love ufc fighting . especially connor
i've never watched it , maybe i should start !
you definitely should . it is very entertaining
my brother loves it . i will talk to him about it when i see him .
persona
i've a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
i'm a vegan.
my eyes are brown.
i study philosophy at mass.
i love going to concerts.
persona II
my favorite hobby is gardening.
my husband died last year.
my family gets together every saturday.
black coffee is my addiction.
dialogue
i love how my garden turned out this year . its my favorite thing to do .
really ? what you got i'm a veggie only eater lol
that is cool ! i have got it all veggies and fruits . if only i could grow coffee .
grow the beans for it , i
my husband would have been able to make coffee grow . he passed away in 2016 .
its on my hip an my color of eyes is brown
you have got coffee on your hip ? i've got to have it daily . black only .
i love music especially concerts
music makes an ordinary day exciting . my family listens to music every saturday .
sorry about your lost i really am its sad .
thanks . the rest of us spend time together weekly to honor his memory .
i study in college p
good for you ! education is essential to a successful life .
yes it is what do you do ? i meant philosophy .
persona
i've two nephews.
i am a veterinarian.
my brother is in the army.
i grew up on a farm.
running is my way to relax.
persona II
my favorite music genre is pop.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi i am very relaxed how are you ?
i am good do you work
for some reason running helps me relax . i just had a good 3 mile run .
you should run often then
i'm a vet . i work with animals . it reminds me of the farm where i grew up .
nice do you have pets
i try to run every day . it is very relaxing . yes i've a parrot .
how is the weather there ?
nights are starting to cool down . how is it where you are ?
is it a big humid it rained
my brother is running with me tomorrow . he is in the army
can you run faster than him
maybe not but i can run longer . i can run all day .
well what colors do you like
red , white and blue and silver too , what about you ?
persona
my mother is from greece.
i love cooking !.
my favourite colour is green.
my father is from india.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
persona II
we have two sons.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
i like to paint.
i like to attend wine tours.
i enjoy visiting museums.
dialogue
hello , do you go on wine tours ?
hi there ! i love wine tours
they are the greatest . my husband does not enjoy them though , he is 20 years older .
we came from greece so wine is a pleasure to us
greece has wonderful museums , my two boys loved them when we went .
i liked to swim there in the ocean
i love the ocean . my home is decorated with paintings i have done there .
besides swimming i like to cook .
what is your favorite cuisine ?
my father was born in india and that's my favorite
what do you recommend ? i have never tried it .
curry and rice , you should try
what else would go with it ?
green tea goes with everything
we are not fond of green tea . does coke go well with it ?
coke as well would go perfectly
persona
i am obsessed with filming.
i try not to think about death.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
persona II
i don't own any pets.
my favorite meal is brunch.
my car is black.
i lease my car.
i am a recruiter.
dialogue
hi , would you like to get to know me ?
sure , do you have a go pro ? i love mine and film all the time .
that's cool . what do you do while you are filming
death defying stunts , i just try and be safe and not think about it .
so you are a thrill seeker ? i get plenty of thrills in the army
my friends think i am crazy and worry about me but i love it !
what about your family ? do they worry ?
yes , but it makes me happy and other smile so i keep stunting . any hobbies ?
not really . i enjoy sunday morning brunch , does that count ?
it does in my book , particularly with mimosas !
my job is serious . i need to unwind when i can
i like eating , its hard to stay fit . i bet army food is terrible .
it is not so bad . but i do like my own cooking better
what is your favorite food to cook ? i like cooking giblets and gravy .
i make great quiche . do you have any pets ?
i have a parrot , his name is todd and he talks a lot .
persona
i've trouble feeling emotion.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
my parents are distant.
i see a therapist that doesn t really understand me.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
persona II
i ve a flower garden.
i owe two laptops.
i love watching anime.
i love chocolate.
my grandparents are dead.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hey . just another day . wish i did not wake up this morning .
oh why so ? are you okay ?
my parents do not talk to me . the only person i talk to is a therapist .
well therapy can help . i do not have parents , my grandparents raised me , but they died
my older brother is always in trouble so he is always gone .
you know what takes my mind off of things ? chocolate !
how are you feeling ? i'm pretty numb but i can still feel empathy for you .
i am doing okay . just eating some chocolate , watching anime !
i do like chocolate though . thanks for the pick me up !
you are welcome . you like flowers ? i can bring you some from my garden ?
yes , maybe they will give me a reason to get up in the morning .
i've 2 laptops . you could come join me
awesome ! will you be my big brother ?
persona
i like to make short films.
i have been on the tv news six times.
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
i have traveled overseas many times.
persona II
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
my children are a disappointment.
i am bored of my maids.
i married miss usa.
i've more money than i know what to do with.
dialogue
hello bro what are you up to ?
hi but i am a girl lol
oh i do apologize malady . offers you some cheesecake
thank but i am on a diet
ah , so is my wife . she's a former miss usa .
lol ok then you know exactly what i'm talking about
yeah she sucks , and so do my kids . i just pay them to go away .
youre joking right ? lol wow
nah last week i even gave the maids 10 , 000 to fight , they are so boring .
i think you would be happier single
but then who will entertain me ?
you can always pay for it
persona
i want to climb mount everest.
i like to play with clay models.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
i'm not a good artist.
i've shot a lion.
persona II
i married my high school sweetheart.
i was an army brat.
i am a nurse.
i'm a great baker.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
just being the best baker of all time .
that sounds great , what did you bake last ?
a cookie that looked like a tree
cool , i'm not much of a cook of any kind . i like the outdoors
i grew up an army brat
where did you get to live ?
everywhere and nowhere at the same time
that sounds depressing , where do you live now
cali , it is the best
do you do any surfing
i would like to learn
do you hike at all ?
i love it i always hike places
nice , i'm hoping to climb mount everest in the next few years
persona
i am a business man.
i love to sing.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i have 3 children.
i'm a karate black belt.
persona II
i'm in 3rd grade.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i am going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
dialogue
hi ! my name is becky ! how are you !
good ! how are you ? tell me about yourself . married ? kids ? what do you like ?
haha i am a kid ! i am in third grade and love soccer ! you ?
i am married , unfortunately , my wife is i'll , she has cancer , it is terminal
oh no ! i'm sorry mister ! is she going to heaven soon ?
very difficult for our 3 kids myself , i'm in business , so work a lot .
i am sorry . i do not know what i'd do without my parents or brother !
the doctors gave her another 6 weeks or so to live . what do you like to do ?
your poor wife ! well i like to draw ! i don't have many friends .
i'm fond of singing , especially to my wife , i also have a passion for karate
what kind of songs do you sing ?
folk songs , i currently hold a black belt in karate . what do you like to draw ?
cool ! i like to draw anime characters ! and i read french comics like asterix !
very cool ! you are an awesome kid !
thanks ! i hope i make more friends in the summer or during soccer !
i am sure you will ! soccer is always fun !
persona
i work at home on my computer.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i own 10 cats.
i don't eat asparagus.
persona II
i like to go swimming.
i have one son.
my parents are not married anymore.
i've epilepsy.
dialogue
hey ! how are you tonight ?
good just here hanging out with my cats , i have ten
that is a lot ! i had two dogs and one son .
i made some jello it is my favorite
oh . i like jello too . do you have any hobbies ?
i make the blue it is my favorite , yes my hobby is youtube
i enjoy swimming and reading .
since i work at home i watch youtube all day , and you ?
i work at a restaurant . are you married ?
i like swimming too , but not so much reading .
tell me something about yourself .
not married , what kind of restaurant ?
italian . i am single and loving it .
like olive garden ? i like being single at this point of my life
no , it isn't a chain restaurant .
i have no kids so i just worry about myself .
persona
my parents are still married.
we have a dog.
i've several children.
i'm a woman.
we live in a rural area.
persona II
i eat ice cream when i am sad.
i have never traveled outside of the united states.
my best friend lives in japan.
i'm a dog walker.
i live in new york.
dialogue
what did you do today ?
i played with my puppy and my kids out in the fields !
sounds great . i love dogs . i walk them for a living
i am a farm wife , i take care of my 5 kids .
that's a big family ! do you get to travel at all ?
i don't , it is hard being rural . are you in a city ?
yes i'm in new york ! very city !
that is ! my parents went there for their honeymoon and they are still together .
that's really sweet . i have never really got to travel outside of the us
i would like to some day , maybe paris . every female dream .
i would love to go to japan . that is where my best friend lives
that would be a fun visit . do you have children ?
no i don't . do you ?
yes , i have five children and a dog .
that's a huge family ! how cool .
not much else to do out in the middle of nowhere .
persona
i love mac and cheese.
i make cars for a living.
i like to watch tv.
i like to sit on couch all day.
persona II
i'm a fisherman.
my father was a cook.
he worked hard.
he taught me right from wrong.
he later became a bartender.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hi . i am good how about you ?
good thank you . what do you enjoy doing ? i enjoy being a fisherman
i work on cars , but i really just like watching television .
me too , my father used to be a cook so i watch food network a lot
i could stay on my couch and watch all day ! what do you like to eat ?
fish , haha . my dad taught me a lot about fishing though .
nice . i really enjoy macaroni and cheese !
me too ! my dad was a hard worker . what about your dad ?
yeah , he also got me into cars .
cool , my dad was a good man who taught me right from wrong .
that is important . do you have any pets ?
yes i have 7 cats that hang out at where my dad tends bar .
wow that is a lot of cats ! i have 2 dogs .
i love dogs ! what are your dogs names ?
penne and provolone , named after mac and cheese !
persona
i've blue eyes.
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
i hate to lose.
persona II
i want people to notice me.
i often play the clown to get attention.
i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
i grew up as an orphan.
i will work hard for whatever i want.
dialogue
hi , i am the center of attention . how are you ?
i am ok . sad to see winter coming . how are you
i am well , i love winter
i am more of a spring person . down by the lake , nothing better .
sounds pleasant . what do you do for a living
i'm a fisherman . it is my favorite thing . what about you
i'm a banker by day and a bartender by night
so very busy ! do you have green eyes ?
super busy but hard work pays off . i've blue eyes
me too ! so did my father , but he passed when i was very young .
sorry to hear . i never knew my parents , i was an orphan
so sorry . do you have any kids ?
no but i've lots of friends whom i love . do you have kids ?
yes i've one . she's two .
aww how adorable . i want lots of kids
you should they are wonderful ! best of luck .
persona
i work as an attorney.
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i enjoy comedies.
i'm bald with a thick beard.
i wear nice clothes.
persona II
i am studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i work in a doctor s office.
i only wear silver jewelry.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing ?
i just had a case with my client done
what do you do for work
as an attorney is tough
i bet that it is
that s why i exercise and keep my muscles nice
what do you do to exercise
i love comedies too to relax
what is your favorite movie
i got thick beard but bald
that must be easy to care for
my job requires to wear nice clothings
that must be very expensive
but it is an investment on my part
persona
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i live life to its fullest.
i'm in college.
i enjoy playing video games.
persona II
i think i need botox soon.
i went to school for fashion design and didn'thing with it.
i'ven t had to work a day in my life.
i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
dialogue
hello can you tell me about yourself ?
i am a student with some small ambitions . what do you do for a living ?
i just shop and get botox
i also work a crummy part time job but i make the most of everything
i went to school once for fashion design but decided i would rather not work
i wish i could not work , i could play video games all day !
i shop for handbags and get haircuts once a month . i just get what i want .
do you feel like youre really living your life ? i want the most out of it
i do and i don't look as old as i am .
i am still in school and in my early 20s
i remember when i was twenty . i think i have to go my face it stuck .
i hope you are okay , i read some of that stuff is dangerous !
i will be . you have heard no pain no gain .
i'm not one for pain but if i need it to succeed i will endure !
persona
i live in north dakota.
i ride a bike.
i like to draw.
i work as a waitress.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
persona II
i enjoy going on hikes.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i'm one of four children.
i work some very odd jobs.
dialogue
do you like to do things outdoors ?
yes . i am really into biking .
i enjoy hiking with my brothers .
how many brothers do you have ?
three , there are four kids in my family
i come from a big family to , i've 5 siblings . where did you grow up ?
i grew up in the usa and have never traveled internationally .
i am from north dakota . where in the us are you from ?
i am from california , and i like it there a lot .
i've never been that far west . what do you do for work ?
i do odd jobs here and there . i have never been to the midwest !
i'm a waitress . i like it because i get to meet new people all the time .
that sounds like fun ! i get to meet people on some of my jobs too .
its not as fun as biking , but it pays the bills .
persona
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
marduk is my favorite band.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i'm active on my city council.
i have 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i like wide , open spaces.
dialogue
hi ! i am sara , i am a city councilwoman . what is your name ?
i am leslie and i am also a city councilwoman .
what a coincidence ! what else do you do ?
i like to hike on glaciers . i also like waffles .
very specific . i like wide open spaces too . not waffles so much , though
what is your favorite band ?
no favorite band , i'm too busy with my five acre farm and ten alpacas
that is a lot of alpacas .
yes , yes it is . i make interesting life choices . have any pets ?
no i do not . i keep losing them .
oh really ? where do they go ?
perhaps the upside down . i do not know .
so you like stranger things ?
yes . do you think i should stay or go ? i'm currently in sweden .
you should stay . i hear sweden is lovely .
you are right . except i keep hearing bad noises from the basement .
persona
i dyed my hair pink.
i work in a bookstore.
i live in the city.
i have an older brother.
persona II
i really wanted to be an actor.
i am in medical school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
both of my parents are doctors.
dialogue
acting was something that i longed to do
oh you wanted to be an actor
yup , medical school is where i'm at now though
oh that awesome , i work at a really cool bookstore
cool , there's a girl i am sweet on , but she does not know ,
why do not you tell her how you feel ?
shy , after classes , i like to go theatre at the community centre !
that is cool , i live in new york city , lots of theater
my mom and dad are physicians so i cannot do that !
my older brother is a doctor too !
coli ! , acting was my first passion that i really wanted
go for it ! you have to live your dreams
persona
i play a lot of video games.
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i love cats.
i m a lesbian.
i decorate cakes for a living.
persona II
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
i have two border collies.
i enjoy hiking.
i am an artist.
i speak french and english fluently.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
hello , i'm doing fine , how are you ?
i'm great thank you
do you have any pets ?
2 dogs they're so sweat you ?
i've 5 cats , i really really really adore cats
i like them too , i just do not have any
when i play games they curl up with me
wow that's so cool i'd like to see
only if you were my lesbian lover ; d
lol i don't see that one lol
yeah , bit of a long shot xd
it is ok we are all free to do what we want
do you like to play video games ?
i love to play them
what games are your favorites ?
persona
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my son plays on the local football team.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i design video games for a living.
i'm trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
persona II
my favorite type of music is metal.
my dad died when i was in high school.
i've a lot of allergies.
i like watching tv and movies.
dialogue
hello how are you today
not great . my wife just got laid off from her hr job
oh that's terrible . i hope everything gets better soon
me too . i m trying to start my own gaming design company . i ve designed about 65 games
that sounds great . video games is second to watching tv on my favorite hobby list
my son love to play football so i m working on a new football game
that's great . before my dad passed away he used to always play football with my brother
that s nice . how long ago did you dad pass ?
6 years ago when i was in highschool
oh that s a rough age . i m sorry for your loss
its okay i have gotten through it . my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol
oh ? what kind of allergies do you have ?
seasonal . mostly get stuffy with the trees and pollen and stuff like that
fun enough i get allergies in late fall
persona
i've my own salon.
i am a hair stylist.
i live on a boat.
my hair is colored purple.
persona II
i like to ride my bike.
i own a dog that is small.
i'm a younger guy.
i like to play football.
i have beard that is longer.
dialogue
i like to ride with my guys my bike
well that is nice . do you ever ride a long distance ?
we are all young we ride to play football
how often do you play
u play about 3 times a week , my beard is like realllll long wanna see ?
sure but i bet i can trim it up because i'm a stylist .
heavy i'dn't mind that let me know where to be at !
you can come to my salon and i can get you in anytime
awesome , can i bring my yorkie ?
yes it is pet friendly
if not its okay i understand totally
no bring them honestly i don't mind .
oh it is ? you are getting even cooler by the minute ma am
i like to think of myself as pretty cool lol
persona
i am an international business man.
i own a mansion that i do not live in.
i never went to school.
i am a genius and know over 300 languages.
i never met my parents.
persona II
i have a thick full beard.
i am only 5 foot tall.
my parents are in there 80 s.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hello , i am doing very well . just came back from france .
i'm just here enjoying a glass of wine .
that sounds nice . i speak 300 languages , how many do you speak ?
that sounds nice , i've never been to france .
i am in business , i travel all over and rarely see my house .
tell , me about france , how is it there ?
do you still live with your parents ? i never saw mine .
tell , me about france , how is it there ?
do you have issues with your memory ?
wow 300 i didn't know there was even 300 languages
there is a lot more than that .
yes i do , they're still alive
what are they like ? i was raised by nannies .
i've eight brothers , so it is hard
that's a lot . do you all get along ?
persona
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two dogs.
i like to cook.
i have two roommates.
i'm scared of clowns.
persona II
i like to drink.
i don't believe in love.
i shop online , too much.
i write childrens books.
i live alone.
dialogue
h hello ! how are you doing quale i am on the third floor .
wow ! i am on the third floor of an apartment building too !
w wow exclamation is not that wonderful , do you happen to love animals as well ?
well , i love dogs at least . i have two .
i love dogs as well ! i have two myself .
amazing ! are you also afraid of clowns by any chance ? two roommates ?
i also have two roomies .
i also love to cook . do you have a job ?
i don't have a job and i'm afraid of clowns too . i'm terrified of clowns .
its like we are the same person , we are so much alike ! fantastic !
it was great to meet you !
yes , it was nice chatting with you , too !
i really appreciate that ! same here !
well , enjoy hanging out with your roommates this evening .
persona
i do not have much energy.
i love to clean.
i watch a lot of movies.
i am a stay at home mom.
i love fast food.
persona II
i'm married.
i have a passion for god.
my favorite book is the bible.
i am a older gentlemen.
i love to travel.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi there , good thanks you ?
i am good do you like the bible
no i prefer to be watching tons of movies .
what is your favorite movies
high school musical is my favourite .
do you sing along then ?
yes while i eat lots of fast food .
where is your favorite then
mcdonalds ! i am a mom at home because i do not have a lot of energy .
they have the best fries yeah
yes ! i also really enjoy cleaning .
nice i love the bible yeah
what do you love about it ?
persona
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
persona II
i am very shy.
i have never had alcohol.
i am content with my life.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
dialogue
hi . a bit shy , but i wanted to say hello .
hi , i'm an alcoholic at work nobody knows i also smoke 2 packs a day
you must have a lot of stress . i'm not a drinker , but i empathize .
if you were to be reincarnated as an animal what would you want to be
a dog like mine . he is my best friend .
i'd want to be a hippopotamus like in egyptian hieroglyphs
neat . i guess i am content to live like i do now .
my favorite thing to do is drink irish cream coffee and listen to lindsey sterling
i prefer cocoa , but listening to music is a great idea .
sure do you have any good meatloaf recipes i'm always looking for more
not really . you like making meatloaf ?
i like eating meatloaf ! what do you like ?
my dog mostly . too shy to have many friends .
i meant what do you like to eat ?
mashed potatoes and gravy with chicken .
kfc then ? lindsey stirling is such a cute little girl . . i've all of her cds
persona
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
i am vegan.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
persona II
i take fridays off in the summer.
i always answer my cellphone.
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
i work in sales.
dialogue
my name is jesse and my job is in sales .
hi jesse , i work at local grocery store .
it is important that i take care of my clients extremely well .
what type of sales are you in ? i sometime volunteer at an urban farm near here .
my job involved making sure that products they have is what they want .
oh okay . volunteering at the farm made me decide to become a vegan .
i cannot seem to put my phone down do to enormous amount of calls . .
you seem to live a busy life . mine is more calm , i think .
but i do take fridays off , when the weather gets warm . aka summer .
i am stuck at the store . when i do have time , i volunteer .
my job can be stressful ; i do my job well and make wrongs right .
it must be gratifying to make wrongs right . i love seeing produce growing .
that is great ! i'm right now at the mall .
i'm at home after a long day of stocking shelves .
yeah it is and you have too . find solutions to problems .
i live a very calm life compared to yours , i think .
persona
i am an aspiring singer.
my father worked for ge.
i enjoy playing tennis.
green is my favorite color.
i love animals.
persona II
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i've been married for 20 years.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i'm a military veteran.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hey there i'm great . you ? you know animals are the best companion .
yes i work at the animal shelter
nice . what is your favorite color ? shades of green are the best to me .
mine is pink and married for alot of years
i am not married . a singing career is what i am shooting for .
i enjoy traveling around and animals
do you ever play tennis ? it is a fun sport .
i don't i like to see different things traveling
best place you have been ? my dad is retired from ge . he made the bucks .
new york city and they have an awesome zoo .
never been to that zoo but i love the san diego zoo .
persona
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
my favorite food is shrimp.
i love hanging out with my friends.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
persona II
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
i collect stamps.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hello ! how are you on this lovely day ?
hello i am fine and you ?
i'm great ! the sky is a beautiful blue today . my favorite color !
i grew up in new orleans , where my mother is a palm reader
how interesting . can you read too ? i collected stamps since i was younger .
being from the big easy i absolutely love shrimp
oh really ? do you swim a lot there ? i go to the y everyday .
no i can't read , but i love being with my friends and just hanging out
do you guys go to concerts ? i love going on weekends .
no i don't swim , but i go to the casinos where i usually lose too much money
i bet you do ! i feel like i spend too much money on the concerts .
yes we go to some concerts
what is your favorite casino game ?
yes i guess casinos and concerts can get expensive
persona
i am a vegetarian.
i am catholic.
i just started working as a librarian.
i don t know how to swim.
my favorite band is nickelback.
persona II
i am argentinian.
i like to wear boots.
i have many girlfriends.
i like to eat beef.
i like to ride horses.
dialogue
hello from argentina , how are you today ?
greetings from boston , i'm great . you ?
great , just going for a horseback ride in my new boots !
wow fun . i wish i could ride . i can not even swim well .
i've a lot of women in my life who love to swim , are you married ?
i'm not sure i do not think so .
my favorite food is beef ! and i love boots , what can i say !
so watch out cows . i've a terrible confession to male .
what is your confession ? sounds juicy . . .
it is terrible . you know nickelback ? i listen to their music .
i do know them , this is how you remind me , of what i really am .
so awful right ? yet i like this stuff . maybe because i'm vegan .
fair enough , i've multiple girlfriends , do not tell my leiden !
well my catholicism gets in the way of multiple gfs .
jesus agrees , we are also catholic in argentina . where we ride our horses , in boots .
i work in a library , no boots allowed .
persona
i like to drink green tea.
i'm an author.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
persona II
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i want to write a book before i die.
i'm excellent at playing pool.
i teach middle school art.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
i really enjoy shooting pool . i'm pretty good at it too !
wow , i do not know how to play . i love to watch mystery movies
those are good ! i really want to write a book with a mystery theme .
i write stories myself . i have a great patch of grass in the backyard
does it have pyramids ? lol i would love to see the pyramids .
no , it isn't that big . do you travel a lot
not as much as i'd like but a good bit . do you ?
i do a lot of research for my books , that takes me all over
how fun ! i am a middle school art teacher so i travel during the summer .
working with kids must be lots of fun
it is ! and even though i a grown woman , i really still like unicorns !
who doesn't ! i totally agree
they really are great ! i'd love to take a picture with one .
good luck with that ! sounds like a summer goal
persona
i live in an apartment.
i like to draw.
my mother is a teacher.
i am one of four siblings.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i care deeply about animals.
i grew up homeschooled.
i've a hard time feeling connected with people.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
i take my emotions out through art.
dialogue
hello there how are you doing ?
i am fine , how are you ?
i'm doing good thanks , just working on some art . do you enjoy art ?
i do enjoy art , my passion is drawing .
awesome ! i did a lot of art while i was homeschooled
my mother is an art teacher at my old school when i was a kid .
i like to use art to cope instead of screaming to feel alive
awesome ! ! i designed the layout of my apartment .
oh wow that's creative ! i love animals very much .
me too , between my 2 sisters and 1 brother we have 4 pets .
lucky , i care a lot for animals but could never have one
are you allergic ? my dog has a blue collar , it is my favorite color .
no i do not like doctors . i can not connect with people .
sorry to hear that . animals are good for the soul .
yes they're . homeschooling really messed me up man
sorry for that . i guess there are pros and cons either way ,
persona
i was raised by two mothers.
i'm not afraid of what others think.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
persona II
i have a garden in my yard.
i like to go swimming.
i like to make fresh pies.
my hobby is sewing.
dialogue
hey there , i love to swim , how about you ?
one of my two mothers loves to swim too . we go sometimes
i like to sew too in fact i sew bathing suits if you need any ?
i do not need any . i eat way too much spaghetti and meatballs . best food ever
do you like pie ? i eat pie for lunch in my garden . i love making them .
i do . i know i'm bigger , but i do not care what people think really
people should accept those for who they are and you seem so nice .
thank you . my boyfriend thinks so and so do all his work colleagues at nasa
wow , nasa ! he's a keeper for sure . do you work ?
i do work . i cook actually , you ?
i sell domain names for web . com . i hate it though .
i'm sorry . maybe you should find a job you love ?
well i have been there 12 years , the pay is good . kind of stuck .
i don't think you should ever feel stuck . life is still going . do what you love
i wish i could afford to take a pay cut to do what i love .
what do you love to do ?
persona
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
persona II
i like to go to the lake.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing this evening
i'm doing great , just chilling with my dog .
what kind ? i am relaxing by the lake
he's a beagle named droopy
aww haha . what do you do for a living
i am a student , so i mostly just watch youtube videos and procrastinate .
ahahah i am a boring accountant who just reads horror novels
ll , sounds like a good time
not really , i do want to see the new stephen king movie tho
well if you love horror novels , that is a total must
yes the original was completely horrible
was it ? glad i didn't see it , then
yes definitely avoid it . i've a cat sleeping on me
ll i hope its your cat , then
persona
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
my favorite food is shrimp.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
i love hanging out with my friends.
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
persona II
i love the rain.
i sleep on a single bed.
i drive a van.
i prefer winter.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i'm fine , have you ever met someone whos a vampire ?
not that i know of
i've , he actually lives next door
how did you know he was a vampire ?
because he ate chicken fresh from the farm instead of a restaurant
. . . how does that imply that he is indeed a vampire . . . ?
because no regular human eats a live chicken with all the feathers on it
great point
he is hella creepy , he even drained the blood and drank that
well that's very creepy . . . do you watch horror movies ?
i don't have to because having a neighbor like him is a horror story enough
excellent point ! i love the aesthetic of horror movies though
i don't have to because having a neighbor like him is a horror story enough
persona
i own two boxer dogs.
my favorite drink is red wine.
i've one child.
i work for a clothes retailer.
persona II
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i love to dance salsa.
my favorite food is pizza.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
great , thank you and yourself ?
tired , lol . i just came home from salsa lessons .
nice . i like salsa . i work as a retailer for clothes . you ?
i quit my job to work on a bitcoin project and to travel .
cool . do you have any dogs ?
i do , a lab named pizza my fav food
i've two boxer dogs
those are adorable pups .
yes . do you have kids ? i have one
i've two . a boy and a girl .
wow that is great ! i love red wine . what wine do you like ?
i prefer hard cider from the winery down the road .
yeah that's great too .
persona
i like candy and soda.
i'm not healthy.
i weight 300 pounds.
i like the movie godfather.
i'm a man.
persona II
i like to read true crime novels.
i've two dogs.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i travel every year to disney world.
dialogue
i like a crime novels through stories
i weigh well over 300 pounds
do you like dogs i've usually to talk
i love candy and am fat
insurance companies where i work as a secretary
oh ok . that is lovely now
hey i make sure that i go to disney world every year
disney rocks . i'm married and love movies
my two brothers i m really close to them
i do not like my brother at all
why it s fun hanging out with them
mine is a terrible person
just go with the flow with them and you find ways to have fun with them
mine hates me . he will never come around
that s hilarious i think that s natural to everybody
no no . . . mine is nuts , a scum bag
persona
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i enjoy fishing.
i live on an island.
persona II
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
i enjoy running.
i currently work in an office job.
dialogue
stream all nite every nite
i live in hawaii , how about you ?
i know that . weirdo . we meet at the national park there . so you gonna game or what
my only game playing is fishing
i thought you said you would take up gaming , you know i'm a gamer
no i just make boats on the weekend . what else do you do ?
run , hence the bod .
gotcha
so the boys at the office game , why do not you
i'm not into the trends
you are old
i'm , how old are you ?
forever young bob dylan
i can try to game
persona
i'm gong to adopt a dog very soon.
i am a violinist.
my mother was a nurse.
i've played since i was 4 years old.
persona II
i love watching old movies.
i've two adopted kids.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
i am a yoga instructor.
dialogue
hi ! how are you this evening ?
i'm good thanks for asking
what are you up to ? i just got home form teaching a yoga class .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a yoga instructor . it allows me time to stay home with my kids . 2 adopted puppies !
do you play any instruments ?
no . do you ? i'm not musical at all .
yes i do i'm a violinist
nice ! do you have any other hobbies ? i am an old movie buff !
i love animals . going to adopt a dog
dogs are great . like i said i just adopted 2 puppies . those are our kids .
yes they are , so very sweet
are you married ? kids ? job ?
i am single . no kids , u ?
persona
i am an insurance salesman.
i live alone in my condo.
i post on reddit often.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i've visited 12 national parks in the us.
i'm an environmental activist.
i live in vermont.
i love to hike.
i also like to mountain bike.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hello my friend . i'm well .
good , glad to hear it . what do you do for fun ?
i ride around the town on my cool bicycle .
really ? i really like to mountain bike too
i wish i lived in the mountains .
do you like nature ? i've been to 12 national parks
i love nature . i like looking at plants .
i love plants too , and hiking . in fact , i am actually an environmental activist
cool , i am a vegan .
nice , do you have a favorite food ?
my favorite dish is lentil curry .
i've never had that , but i want to try it now .
what do you like to do the most ?
probably hiking and mountain biking , being outdoors .
what is your favorite mountain ?
persona
i like imagine dragons.
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i run six miles a day.
persona II
i live on an island.
i enjoy fishing.
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i have a dog named bob.
i am a closet cannibal.
dialogue
on the island where i live i love fishing
hi there ! just came in from my daily run !
when i'm not fishing , i build boats for a hobby
i don't fish but i do like eating crab preferably slathered in butter
me and my dog , his name is bob , we are both cannibals
then i work t off with a six mile run in the woods with my dog
i love crab and shrimp that is my favorite , where are you from
you are a cannibal , not telling you ! !
yeah but i'm in the closet about being a cannibal
i will say that my fave hobby is flying small airplanes that i build .
so if you don't tell , it will be our little secret
oh i will tell ! my only secret is that i like dragons and imaging them .
have you ever crashed one of your planes ?
tons of times . i never said i was good at it . hobbies ?
lol , dragons aren't real , you should seek counseling
i did , but it it is a tough fetish to crack . little hope for me
persona
i enjoy running at night.
i like spicy food.
i m saving up to buy a new camera.
i've always had long hair.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
persona II
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i have 1 pair of shoes.
i'm allergic to shellfish and cats.
i only eat at restaurants.
dialogue
hello . how are you tonight ?
i'm doing good . just been for a night run !
may i ask , since you run , how many shoes do you own ?
quite a few pairs , how about you ?
i only own one pair of shoes . my mother owns 500 pair . no kidding .
wow ! you should ask her to let you have some or you should save up .
so what do you collect ? what are your hobbies ?
well , i am saving for a new camera . i like taking pics .
i like to take pics of my meals . post them on instagram or twitter
that is fun ! i love spicy food . you cant see spice in a photo though haha .
i've some pics of some beautiful meals . i always eat out though . can you cook ?
i can cook popcorn well after working in a movie theater for 4 years !
i tried cooking one time . i found out i was allergic to shellfish . never again !
oh , i am sorry about that .
shellfish and cats . only things i allergic too .
cats ! yes . i've a cat . their hair and my ever long hair gets in food always
i would love to have long hair . my hair becomes uncontrollable though .
i've never cut mine . that's the way .
ever ? how long is it ? ?
all the way down my back .
do you at least get it trimmed ?
yes , just the dead ends . what else do you enjoy ?
eating at restaurants is my one and only weakness and hobby .
cool ! where do you like to eat ?
persona
i've 3 dogs.
i've 3 children.
i drive an suv.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
persona II
i love to clean my house.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i enjoy reading.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ?
hey ! i'm doing fine , how about yourself ?
i am well . where are you from ?
i live right outside jacksonville florida . how about you ?
i am from allentown , pennsylvania . what are your hobbies ?
fishing and camping are my hobbies . i am happiest in the mountains .
interesting . i like to read and garden .
my three kids and i like to garden also . do you have pets ?
i've a dog . do you have any ?
i love dogs ! i've two labradors and a chihuahua .
awesome . i have a pitbull .
do you have any kids ?
i do not . i reside with my sisters and they help provide my needs .
that's nice . what do you do for fun ?
i love watching movies and cleaning my house .
packing the suv and staying at our place in the mountains is fun for me .
persona
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
its important to me to make my clients happy.
i take fridays off in the summer.
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
persona II
i graduated high school.
i drive a truck.
i like rap music.
i live on a farm.
dialogue
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
good and how was yours
great . . had a big party weekend
that sounds fun , my phone is always with me
i do the same . . i love music on my phone
if you call i'll answer
i did nt get that
i don't work fridays during summer
nice . . it will be fun to have off on friday
i love making my clients extremely happy
i jst completed my high school
i am a sales person and i love it
persona
my feet smell.
i have brown eyes.
i have blonde hair.
i love money.
my mother was a weightlifter.
persona II
i'm allergic to peanuts.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
i'll one day own a ferret.
dialogue
what are your plans for the day ?
hi , my name is kimmy blonde hair brown eyes . just watching tv
you sound pretty . i am blogging about my aquarium
thanks , i've smelly feet though . do you blog for a living ?
do they smell like ferrets ? i love ferrets . i want one
no , they just stink like sweat a lot . do you own one ?
gross . no i do not own one , but i want one
yeah my mom was a weightlifter so i'm at the gym a lot .
my mom was a single parent and taught me baseball
i love baseball , what positions did you play ?
i'm a shortstop ! pretty good at it
do you still play ? i love to go to games .
sometimes i do , but only for fun . what do you like to eat ?
i like pizza , fruit , ice cream all sorts of food really .
i really love jelly sandwiches , but hold the pb because i am allergic
oh , allergies are the worst have you tried nutella or anything like that
persona
i love to cut down trees.
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i am a lumberjack.
i cut down trees very fast , because i have a large ax.
i love to fish.
persona II
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i'm on a keto diet.
i like going to the moves.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
dialogue
hello there . tell me about yourself .
well i'm big , strong and love to chop down trees
oh you are a lumberjack ? i'm a carny . juggler to be specific .
that i'm , wow that is really cool . also how did you know ?
otherwise you'd be some type of machine or an oddly large beaver
i did not think of that lol , i guess your right
my gramps and dad worked as carnies too . family thing
so do you like being one ?
yea . my dogs are part of the act . they are golden and fetch things
that's so cool , i'd love to see it
yea they do this diet with me too . called keto
i have heard of it , i heard it is tuff
yea especially when youblove going to the theatre all those delicious snacks
can you eat fish i love to eat fish
persona
my dog is my best friend.
my hair is black and curly.
my mom went crazy when i was three and i have not seen her since.
i believe in leprechauns.
persona II
i am currently single.
i love to paint.
my favorite season is spring.
i am a graphic designer.
dialogue
hi ! i am a graphic designer . what do you do ?
i run a youtube channel that proves the existence of leprechauns .
what do yo do for fun ? i paint in my free time .
i like painting , too . the nurses at the asylum told me i had talent .
interesting ! are you currently seeing anyone ?
absolutely ! if , by seeing someone , you mean friends and leprechauns . are you seeing someone ?
unfortunately i am single . i blame the weather !
have you tried using the weather to your advantage ? find love at the end of a rainbow .
i should . spring is my favorite . the perfect weather for love .
i agree . on march 17th , i take my dog out to celebrate spring .
do you have any other pets ?
no . when i was three , i drove my mom crazy asking for a cat .
cool . do you have any other interests ?
i like to try new hairstyles . do you ever design websites for your job ?
persona
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i'm very good at math and science.
i love computers.
persona II
i love my impala.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
i love decorating for christmas.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing swell . yourself ?
i am fine . what is your favorite hobby ?
i enjoy things that challenge me mentally
i love to fish .
deep sea or fresh water ?
both . what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas .
i enjoy the fourth of july . i'm very patriotic
that's a good holiday too . i drive and love my impala .
is it fast ? aren't those cop cars ?
it can go pretty fast , yes like cop cars . i also listen to classic radio .
i enjoy going to the symphony every now and again
persona
i like chicken nuggets.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i work at a hotel.
i love reading.
i love animals.
persona II
i visit india often.
i am an athlete.
i want to be an explorer.
i do not like my job.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hi how are yoy doing
i love me some good chicken nuggets
those are great i've been learning to cook indian food
reading is my favorite pastime
that is cool do you like sports
no my job is a hotel attendant
that sounds like an interesting job do you have long hours
yes i do but it pays the bills
i don't really like my job either
most people don't . its just to get by
that's true do you like the color blue
heck no my color is pink
persona
i am obsessed with filming.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i try not to think about death.
i am a very bad liar.
persona II
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i have one sister.
i was born in san francisco.
dialogue
bonjour ! how are you today ? i'm trying to study french phrases .
fun . can i film you speaking french ?
non . that isn't okay .
sounds crazy i know . i think it will make you smile .
are you a professional videographer ?
i film all the time . it helps keep my mind off death . no .
what types of things do you usually film ?
i could never act . i am a terrible liar . i just film stuff .
my sister is the one in my family who is usually behind the camera .
cool . maybe i can work with her .
she recently moved back to the bay area . we lived there when we were younger .
awesome . i love the bay area .
when were you last there ?
many years ago . do you work or just take classes ?
i work in pharmaceuticals . you ?
i'm trying to get into the film industry .
persona
i'm a girl.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i am an only child.
persona II
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
dialogue
hello , i'm rex .
i'm mary
what do you do mary ?
i like to sing barbie girl , my favorite song ! and you ?
i am currently going back to school to become a casino manager .
awesome ! i am a feminist girl
did you got to school ?
no . my parents didn't help me pay for college even though i've no siblings
that is rought . i've a degree in statistics .
that must have been a tough major !
i enjoy it . i used it to count cards in blackjack .
yeah , that must come in handy
it does but a habit i would have to stop as a casino manager .
do you plan to open your own casino ?
nah , that would be too much . just manager one .
well that is still good
persona
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i like to read.
my husband was a career soldier.
i am a senior citizen.
i have 4 children.
persona II
both of my parents are doctors.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
i'm in medical school.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am pretty good , just tired . how are you ?
i'm a little bummed out
oh no . why are you bummed out ?
i am so in love but she has no idea
will you tell her that you love her ?
i am to scared of her reaction
listen to me , i am old and wise , take chances it will be worth it
i don't know if she would feel the same
it is okay is she doesn't if you don't ask , what if she does ?
you are right ! i should try
you remind me of one of my four sons , you should try life is about chances !
i am the youngest out of four girls .
how old are you ? i've a few grandchildren ages 7 30 !
persona
i am quiet but confident.
i m not really a blond.
i think food trucks are awesome.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
persona II
my parents are still married.
i'm a woman.
i've several children.
we live in a rural area.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm doing quite well tonight . how are you ?
my parents are still together so i'd say alright
oh , well then , congratulations ? do you have any hobbies ?
girly things , you know like make up and stuff .
me too ! my hair is dyed blond , but i'm naturally a brunette .
do you have kids ? i've a ton of them ! !
no , but again , congratulations ! how many kids do you have ?
i don't even know , a lot
i guess its tough to keep count at some point . lol
it is like that in the rural planes i live in .
i just spend all my time at food trucks . i think they are awesome .
that's great , my parents own one , they are still together after 40 years .
i wish i could settle down like that , but i am too quiet . confident , but quiet .
i guess there are a lot of factors to consider .
i think too much i guess . i worry about where to park whenever i travel .
persona
i wear a red purse.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i like to wear red.
i drive a red car.
persona II
i ride horses in my spare time.
i'm an only child.
i work at an accounting firm.
i am adopted.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today
super cool . thanks . what are you doing ?
you know i was adopted , and make myself do something fun
i love the color red so much . what do you do for fun ?
i do horseback riding for the free time
i love to ride horses too . can i wear my red outfit ?
i do accounting jobs in a firm
what firm are you in ?
it is an accounting firms a big one
all of my clothes are red . is that strange ?
oh that is alright . that is your favorite
even my vehicle is red . what do you like to do ?
spending time with friends coz i gew up alone
that is so sad . you are an only child ?
yes , you got it right . how about you
i like to shop for clothes . i also play a banjo .
persona
have both daughters and sons.
i'm not married.
i like to hunt.
i like to sing.
persona II
i like watching reality television shows.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.
i would like to move some place warmer.
i live in kansas.
i m an out of work farmhand.
dialogue
hi , i'm a farmer from kansas , but i'm looking for a new farm .
oh down in kansas ? i've been there , so much land perfect for hunting on .
yeah , my farm was foreclosed on so i am wanting to move somewhere warmer .
that must be pretty hard on you , how is your family taking this upheaval ?
pretty ok i guess . its only been a month since the foreclosure .
well have been keeping yourself busy so you do not get too depressed ?
i watch a lot of reality shows on vh1 and mtv to entertain myself .
that's good ! some kind of creative expression might specifically help a lot too
yeah , i was a farmhand so i never really had time for creativity .
you could try singing , i love singing
i could try country music haha .
sure ! that could be really good for you , and your family .
yeah , it would definitely lighten the atmosphere .
are you married ? do you have kids ?
persona
i live with my parents.
i'm taking a year off before i start college.
i'm eighteen years old.
i'm saving money to buy my first car.
persona II
i am a very tall woman.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
my family came from greece in the 1950 s.
i have very curly hair.
i love to draw.
dialogue
hello , do you have an hobbies ?
hi ! i do , i love reading , music and crafting , especially knitting . what about you ?
i love cooking authentic ethnic food and drawing .
oh yum ! how old are you , and what do you like to draw ?
a lady never tells , but my greek family came to america half a century ago
haha okay , fair enough . what was your first car ?
i no longer drive . what was your first car ?
i don't have one yet , i am saving up right now !
my husband drove . what do you look like ? i am very tall with curly hair .
i am average height with red hair . did you attend college ?
yes . are you planning on going ?
yes , i am currently taking a year off , but i plan to go next year .
what will be your major ?
i think psychology . what was yours ?
persona
i m often late for class.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
persona II
i like to go fishing.
i race cars for a living.
i've 4 daughters.
i like to play board games.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm well , you ? are you in school ?
no , i am a nascar driver , and mommy to four little princesses .
oh , that's so cute . any pets ?
they have several cats and some fish we pulled out of a pond .
that's nice , i've a dog . we cuddle every night .
i play electronic versions of board games with my girls each night when i am away .
good way to keep connected . do you ever just watch the stars ?
we do when i am home , we have a large horse ranch .
way cool , i would like that . i am pretty short . how about you ?
i am short too , only five foot .
as a result i actually have trouble reaching the cookie jar , no joke .
i'm laughing , but i've been there .
it happens , what is your name ?
my name is mia , yours ?
my name is cordelia , my grandmother had the same name
persona
i have an iq of 250.
my parents died in a plane crash.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
i live alone with my dog.
persona II
i eat a lot of meat.
i m going to school to get my bachelor s degree.
my father was also in the military.
i love my girlfriend.
i m a veteran.
dialogue
hello . i am so tired from all of this studying .
hello . i loved studying when i was in school . my iq was 250
i am still working towards my degree .
keep going ! after college i began building houses out of matches . haha
lol . . i'm going to be a history teacher .
i studied greek . my dog i rescued while in college proved more useful .
me and my father were both in the military , so history is important to me .
my father loved history too . him and mother died in a plane crash .
oh wow . that is awful to hear . i am so sorry .
no worries . it happens . life continues
yes it does . my girlfriend is great . she keeps me positive .
nice . what is her best quality ?
she's a very positive person and always smiles .
the psychological effect of smiling is a proven one . does people good !
yes . do you have a favorite food ? i eat tons of red meat . not healthy .
i love mexican food . so much cheese and spice !
persona
i work in retail.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
i love music.
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
madonna is my all time favorite.
persona II
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i love candy.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i go to college part time.
dialogue
hi , hows it going tonight ?
pretty good , how about with you ?
pretty good , staying up too late watching about the hurricane . you ?
ha ha i am watching modern family . what type of music do you like ?
mostly jazz , i'm a music major have class early tomorrow
wow ! my two favorites are lady gaga , and madonna .
i like them too . . . i'm only going part time right now what do you do ?
i work at a retail store . i love going to concerts ! music rocks .
ha ! i work retail to pay the bills too and to feed my chocolate addiction d
ha ha ! yes chocolate is a necessity in life !
it is . but then you have to work out i need about a 40 hour day .
ll . i do enjoy yoga . where do you live ?
i live outside chicago , i like to skateboard but its going to get cold soon .
yes , unfortunately summer is just about over .
persona
i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.
i design video games for a living.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i'm trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
persona II
i married my highschool sweetheart.
i'm a yoga instructor.
my mother is dead.
i enjoy being alone.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi i'm doing okay how are you
i am well . i am currently getting ready to teach my yoga class .
that sounds relaxing is that what you do for a living ?
yes , i got into yoga because i loved the peace it brings me , you ?
i design video games i want to start my own business
that's soo cool . you would get along great with my partner .
video games are awesome . do you have any kids
no kids yet . honestly , i like the alone time . ll you ?
sometimes i wish i've alone time i've a 10 year old football player
awe , well your 10 year old sounds like great company .
he's sometimes but can be a handful at times
i can only imagine , do you work ?
yeah i design videogames for ubisoft currently only one income household
persona
i'm a olympian.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i am a weight lifter.
persona II
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
dialogue
hey what are some things you like to do ?
hey , i love working out , especially squats and benches . you ?
being outside and staring at the sky while the clouds go by is my favorite .
sounds relaxing . i spend a lot of time at the gym .
i work selling snakeskin oil , getting a lot of free time is tough
that does not seem good for anyone . ;
what music do you enjoy listening to ?
anything that makes me feel pumped up and excited !
i absolutely love jacob sartorius and would love to see him live !
do you go to many concerts ?
i like going to weekend festivals .
i do , too . when i can . i am training for the olympics right now .
that's so cool ! are you sponsored by anyone ?
not yet , but hopefully soon . do you watch the olympics ?
persona
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i have a puppy named tiki.
i studied early childhood education in college.
persona II
i live in nashville.
i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
i work in academia at a local university.
i play music in my spare time.
dialogue
hey there , where are you from ?
how are you doing to night
good , just working on stuff for class tomorrow .
iam from baltimore md what about you
i'm living in nashville right now . i go to school down the street .
that is cool what areyou going to school for
general academics and music . i play a lot of music .
i love music like county
yeah me too . i play country every weekend at the farmers market .
that is cool i have never played
what do you like to do then ?
i love to work out and play sports
persona
i just bought a new mansion.
i'm a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
persona II
i enjoy being outside.
i love to swim.
i love the color pink.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
dialogue
hello , would you like to go swimming ?
yes , very much . we can swim at my giant house .
i hope your pool is outside and not inside since you have a giant house .
i have both , my mansion is dope son .
great . i much prefer being outside . i will bring my favorite music .
i hope it is rap , i'm the freshest mc in all the land .
i listen to britney spears . all . day . long .
i cannot hang with you then . i am straight up og .
i'll bring my pink swimsuit , my pink towel , my pink beach ball . . .
now we are talking . i can pick you up in my amazing sports car .
fun ! does it go fast ? the sooner i can swim the better .
it is a ferrari ! it is a pink one too . i am in japan though .
i can swim in japan . i would love to ride in your pink ferrari .
i bet you would . are you good looking ? i only hang with hotties .
i will answer if you let me bring my brit cd
i guess so , i am a compromising og rapper .
persona
i like the color blue or red.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i have always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i use to be a wild child.
persona II
i tend to argue with myself more than i argue with myself.
i believe i hear voices.
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
dialogue
hi hw are you doing ?
hi ! i agood , how about you ?
i'm good thank s for asking
what are you up to ? i'm just snuggled up with my pitbull and old english bulldog .
i am scared as right now
what ? ? why ? whats going on ?
i hear voices in my head
oh . . . what are they saying ? if they are telling you to travel take me to ireland !
they don't ever say anthing nice
well . poo . what do they say ? are you on medicine ?
i've meds but i don't want to take them
but you must ! do you live alone ? country or city ? i like both places myself .
persona
my name is todd.
i'm 8 years old.
my favorite hero is superman.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
persona II
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
dialogue
wuss poppin b ? u into britney spears ?
again , wuss poppin ? i'm too little for britney spears
its me ! damn , that's too bad . she my idol and inspires me
who is your favorite super hero ?
i am not sure . i'd have to say b spears . what about you ?
superman is my favorite . britney is not one .
that is disappointing . you ever watch a surgery live on youtube ?
i have seen a few , i had my hip replaced years ago , and i looked it up .
nice . that is my kind of thing . just like pistachio ice cream . you like ?
i'm a vanilla kinda kid
damn . that's yum too . whats your favorite edged weapon
a switch blade , i would guess , if i had to choose .
i love playing with those , and all edged weapons , like britney
back to britney again . you sure are a fan
she really touches me . i can't lie
i think you should lie , just joking
persona
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i have 4 pets.
i live in an apartment.
i can t whistle.
my favorite food is jello.
persona II
i love scary movies.
i am learning to play the piano.
i'm allergic to cats.
i'm a member of the ymca.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
great . i'm in my apartment playing magic .
that is great ! i listen to piano since i am learning to play
cool . you know magic the gathering ? the card game ?
yeah , i was never a fan of it . my friends played it often .
cool . you have pets ? i've four dogs .
i cannot have pets , i've allergies . mainly to cats .
sorry about that . you like jello ? it is my favorite food .
i like jello , but it isn't my favorite thing
ok . tell me something embarrassing about you .
i am a very avid member of the ymca , i go there every day !
that is not embarrassing ! i am not able to whistle at all !
oh wow , i could not do that for the longest time as a kid .
really ? we do have something in common then .
persona
i drive a big truck.
i like to go hunting.
i like football on tv.
i'm a meat eater.
persona II
i like the flintstones.
i like simple jokes.
some jokes go too far.
i prefer the simpler times.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you tonight ?
great just watching some football , and you ?
watching some cartoons . i like them .
sounds fun , i'm getting ready for hunting tomorrow morning .
oh . do you like jokes ? i enjoy simple ones .
i do , can you tell me one ?
not off the top of my head . i'm tired .
i see , what is your favorite food ? i love meat .
i enjoy meat too . nothing better than a good steak !
yes ! or a good venison steak !
i've not had venison in years .
i'm hoping to have a deer to toss into the bed of my big truck .
what else do you like to do ?
i enjoy playing hockey with my buddies and you ?
i enjoy playing tennis when i've time .
tennis is fun . do you like volleyball ? i play sometimes .
persona
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
i've borderline personality disorder.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
persona II
i'll never punch a clock again.
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
i'm rich beyond my dreams.
i hit for over forty million dollars.
dialogue
nice day outside here today !
here too ! the weather is fantastic
i get to enjoy every nice day since i won the lottery
that is alright i guess . money is just the fuel to our narcissistic society .
i'll never work again , i am set for life . feels great
work is just a word that demeans the role and purpose
i agree . i used to be a telemarketer , it was terrible
they say i've a borderline personality disorder . . . whoever they're
what is it like living with that ?
i drown out the noise at the club scene . music is the blood for this being
i like to travel . i can charter my own plane
the air is for the birds . . . not man
you sound down and out
the universe is mine ! everyone is just a character in my mind
persona
i work at amazon.
i have two kids.
i love robotics.
i live in a rural community.
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
persona II
i enjoy deep sea diving.
i've a career in party planning.
i like to perform stand up comedy.
my sister belongs to a cult and hasn't spoken to the family in years.
dialogue
i love diving in the deep blue sea ! wanna talk about that !
sure . fire away . i've never done that
it is the most amazing thing !
what do you do for a living ?
please don't laugh . i'm a party planner .
do you ever do weddings ?
hello , are you still there ?
yes i am still here loll
i like going to bars and do stand up comedy .
what city are you from ?
i am from the kansas city area
i am in cali , have you ever been ?
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i live in celebration , florida.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
persona II
i like to make short films.
i've been on the tv news six times.
i've traveled overseas many times.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i am a civil war reenactment participant.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
great ! just hopping online before i hit the mall ! what are you up to ?
nice day to shop ! i actually just finished editing one of my short films .
how cool ! do you do it online ? i am a blogger .
yes . it is easier to access and covert my files when i am traveling overseas .
i would love to travel , i've never left celebration , fl !
wow i travel a lot to participant in civil war reenactments , and to visit my mom .
moms are great just ask my two kids !
ll ! yes they're . you might have heard of my mom . she's always in the news .
that is amazing ! my husband and i watch the news every night .
oh you might have seen her donating in texas recently with my sister blue ivy .
i did ! i jumped up and cheered her on like i did in high school !
us carters and knowles stay in the news . i was in the news at least 6 times .
so cool ! i did a post on all of you in my lifestyle blog last month .
persona
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
i ve been to canada two times my entire life.
i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.
persona II
i love to have my nails done.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i have one little boy named owen.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
dialogue
hello how are you today
good , just pondering my next travel destination .
where do you want to go the most
well i have been around the united states expect west . maybe california next
they have fires right now its sad
oh yeah maybe i could bring them water
that would be nice . i might get my nails done while owen is in school
oh snap , you thinking about getting your hair did too ?
no just did that a few days ago . what do you do for a living
i run a baber shop , look me up if you are ever in new york
i sure will i'm a stay at home mom my husband is a lawyer
oh that's nice . you just have the one kiddo then ?
yep just my son owen he just started first grade
hang on they grow up so fast !
yes i wish i could slow him down a little
i heard coffee stunts your growth , get an espresso machine .
persona
dogs are my favorite animal.
i like to eat pizza.
i love to travel.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
i grew up by the ocean.
persona II
my father is a retired police officer.
i like to build furniture.
i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
i clean houses for extra money.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am well . how are you ? i am planning my next trip .
i am good thanks for asking
i enjoy traveling , cooking , baking and eating pizza . what about you ?
i like to use my hands , building things
cool , what do you build ?
mostly furniture , office and home
do you build pouches ? i could see the ocean from mine as a child .
what are pouches ? u mean porches ?
yes , sorry about that ! my dog interrupted me . i love dogs .
what kind of music do you like ?
rock . love bob segar ! how about you ?
persona
i'm partially blind.
i can do convincing bird calls.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i like to make my own clothes.
persona II
my parents immigrated from europe before i was born.
while both my parents have thick european accents , i don't.
i drive a motorcycle instead of a car.
i am enrolled in several college credit courses.
i go to a private high school.
dialogue
hi , how is it going today ?
hey all good . apart from being partially blind
that's terrible , i worry about injuries since i only drive a motorcycle
that's cool . i volunteer when i can
that is cool , where do you volunteer ?
at some human rights organizations
awesome , i do model un human rights debates at my private hs
ah . i do bird calls for fun
no time for fun here , too many college credit classes in school
school . the bane of humanity
true story , ahahah cannot wait for it to be over so i can go to europe
that's where you can meet the pope
my parents immigrated and i want to go back and visit
oh that is nice . where are they ?
they are watching the french news , thick accents everywhere ahahah
sounds like family . hope you have fun
persona
i m a vegetarian.
i used to be in the marines.
i work as a bartender.
i like to write poetry.
persona II
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
dialogue
i hate standing in lines i swear
it can be annoying are you out shopping
no not yet but later i'll to chase justin
what do you do for a living
i do not want to work lol i want to chase justin
who is justin ? i just got out the marines now i am a bartender
bieber duh lol how old are you ?
oh ok i am in my 30s
i just got out of high school
oh wow are you going to go to college
yes i am but i rather be his roadie
lol that will be hard to become . what do you do for fun beside chase justin
lol not much just think of him
i write a lot mostly poems
persona
i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
i think i need botox soon.
i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i'ven t had to work a day in my life.
persona II
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to take drives in the country.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to go to the movies.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today
i am super fabulous and entirely superficial . even my sister in law hates me .
that isn't good , i'd hate to have family hate me .
i do not care . tell me more about you .
i like to go out to dinner and chat with friends and family . what about you
omg i need to go in for botox again ! did you say something ?
you probably do not have many friends . do you like movies or books
no , i mostly like my louis vuitton bags . you probably like other things .
i am more of a book , music , and long drives in the middle of nowhere person .
i was born rich , so i never had to work . and my haircut is the latest trend .
wow that's so neat ! i have read a book series about someone like that .
i wish i knew why my brothers wife doesn't like me .
maybe you should try to go to dinner with them
i suppose so , but only if its a place filled with beautiful people .
or go to the movies . i love the movies !
maybe . did i telly that i'm so very fabulous yet ?
persona
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i want to visit rome , but i cannot make myself go alone.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
persona II
i love adventure that is why i've been a sales person all my life.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i'm a fitness guru.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing well , any fun plans this afternoon ?
i'll be doing a yoga class soon , i love fitness . how about you ?
i like it as well , i'll be at the gym this afternoon
i am 5 3 so i have to watch my weight being that short .
i am sure you look amazing ! i am 6 1 but kind of lanky haha
what do you do for a living ? i am in sales .
i work in accounting , kind of have a thing for math
sounds great . are you religious ? because i'm . god comes first for me .
to be honest my parents didn't really believe in religion . they never took us to church
that is okay god loves you anyway .
thank you , that is good to hear !
persona
i can do convincing bird calls.
i'm partially blind.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i like to make my own clothes.
persona II
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
people say i talk when i'm not supposed to.
i hate that my mom made me get braces.
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
dialogue
hi ! what do you want to be when you grow up ?
hi i currently do a lot of volunteer work what about you
i am still in school , so not much time .
ah what do you like to do on the weekends
anything with animals and ponies ! i draw pennies all over my 3 inch binder ! you ?
i am a bird caller i do that on the weekends
if i were a bird , i'd be very chatty . i talk a lot , some people say .
that is funny i am a little blind in one eye its hard to see them
will my braces be in the way of calling birds ?
i think it depends on the bird call
hmm , i hate my mom made me get those stupid braces !
well it will be good for your death
persona
i love to ride bikes.
i have a personal trainer.
i used to be very religious.
i have 3 small dogs.
persona II
i'm an environmental activist.
i love to hike.
i have visited 12 national parks in the us.
i live in vermont.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hey doing great , just got done with a bike ride . how are you
i'm doing great ! i might go for a hike soon
that sounds nice , do you train with someone or just alone
i just go alone i love to its so relaxing . where are you from
i live in north carolina , how about you ?
i'm in vermont . but i travel a lot i love national parks
i would like to visit some , especially yosemite i've heard it is beautiful
i have been to 12 . yosemite is one of my favorites
wow 12 ! do you have any pets
no i don't i'm an activist so don't have time
what are you actively supporting or opposing ?
i support anything that helps the environment
well that's a good cause . i was religious in the past but no more
persona
i work five days a week.
i don t have children.
i enjoy shopping.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
persona II
i m still single at the age of 35.
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you today
i'm good . how about you ?
great , what do you do for fun ?
i like go to the mall for shopping when i've free time
cool , i immigrated here from japan a decade ago
good . do you work ? i work full time .
i teach high school and do some art classes
awesome . i love kids too
i wish i had some , but still single at 35
i am single too . i do not have time to meet new people
i've a hard time saying big words , probably why i'm single
do you have any habit ?
smoking opium , what is your job
i work in the hospital
persona
i have one close friend i grew up with.
i worry about money even though i am in high school.
i am dissatisfied with the school life i have had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
persona II
i have brown eyes.
my feet smell.
i've blonde hair.
i love money.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
not great ! i hate school .
oh no whats wrong with your school
i just do not like it ! plus i'm so worried about money .
yeah that's always annoying do you have a job
i do because i want to save up so i can move out when i'm old enough .
that's smart i love to make money
do not we all ? what do you do ?
i have a boring job i'm really only in it for the money
ah , sounds good ! my friend is like that . i grew up with him .
that's nice what color hair do you have
brown hair ! how about you ?
i've short blonde hair
how cool ! my friend growing up had blonde hair as well !
persona
i am a lover of italian food.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
my father has a very prestigious job.
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
persona II
i like doing art projects.
i am a strong woman.
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i am married.
i travel a lot.
dialogue
how are you ? i been enjoying my art projects today !
great ! me as well , with my game animations
fun ! my husbands been helping so well time spent . you married ?
yes , he is italian , he is introduced me to some of my favorite foods !
oh how nice ! what are they ? i love cooking and spending time . . . friends and family .
baked ziti ! we love to go to concerts together , iron maiden is our favorite
yum , and concerts are fun . i have travel all over to see different bands .
me too ! my dad gets to travel for his job and has brought me along .
that's awesome ! do you have a big family ?
i do now , with my husband being italian , big family ! yourself ?
i have six kids . my husband says i'm one strong lady lol .
that is a big household , we just have the dogs ! !
how many ? i love animals .
3 big doggies , our little pack
persona
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i want a porsche.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
persona II
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
my mother met elvis.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i moved out when i was 14.
dialogue
i wish i could multiply myself lol
do you ? i wish i was a little taller so i could reach the cookie jar personally
i just have a lot of work to do
me too because i want a porsche one day
i had to get my own place when i was 14
i am sorry . you have any pets to cuddle up to at night ?
yes i do i love animals
cuddling my dog at night is so comforting . sometimes we lay awake and watch the stars
they are very loyal companions
they are . he helps me reach that cookie jar sometimes haha
i like to take mine to the lake or the beach
laying watching the night sky stars on the beach is best
i want to live outside i like when people read me books
i read my dog books too , maybe i can come read for you sometime .
that would be awesome it really helps me relax
what else do you enjoy ?
persona
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i am chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
i love to lamp.
i am tall and blonde.
persona II
i'm the youngest of five.
i have pink hair.
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i'm allergic to bees.
dialogue
hello there , do you like people with colorful hair ?
i'm an interior designer , love color ! my favorite band insane clown posse has lots of colored hair .
i'm glad to hear it ! my hair is a lovely shade of pink
i'm blonde , it helps me get into character when i lamp . i love it
i've never warped . maybe i should see if its big where i live , in grand rapids , mi
you should ! its good exercise , i need it i'm a little chubby lol
lol , nothing wrong with that ! maybe one of my 4 siblings would do it with me .
i've 2 siblings ! you'd not know though , they're short and i am very tall .
i wonder if being tall would help run away from bees . i am very allergic .
oh no , that's terrifying . carping could help your agility !
do they do a lot of carping where you live ?
its very uncommon , especially for an interior designer . mostly young folks .
persona
i am a family man.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i'm married with 2 children.
i'm a pediatrician.
persona II
i've a career in party planning.
my sister belongs to a cult and hasn't spoken to the family in years.
i like to perform stand up comedy.
i enjoy deep sea diving.
my father was a member of the communist party.
dialogue
hello there , stranger ! how are you ?
hello , i am fine , how are you ?
i'm ok actually . had a pretty good day . what are you up to ?
i have just been working , i'm a pediatrician , what do u do ?
nice ! well , for a career i am actually a party planner . on the side i am a comedian .
sounds like fun , i bet my 2 children would love to see your act .
i bet they would . i have been gravitating towards more family friends material .
sounds great , maybe my spouse and i can come and see you in action .
sure , why not . i can try and get you free seats .
i love spending lots of time with my family , so that would be great
lets see . when are you two next free ?
what days do you work ?
well , during the week i am swamped but during the weekends i try and perform .
any saturday would be fine with us .
well , i've a show coming up in two weeks .
sounds wonderful , my wife and i are looking forward to it .
persona
i teach at a large school.
i graduated college in 2016.
my class has 26 kids.
i teach kindergarten.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
persona II
i like to garden.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i'm a teacher.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
dialogue
hey , how are you . i'm a man that has many hobbies ? do you have hobbies ?
i'm a teacher that takes up my time
you are a teacher , wow . same here .
my school is huge . is yours ?
yes , it is and it is located in a major city .
i only have 26 kids thank the lord
what subjects do you teach ?
just general stuff . i am a new teacher
so , do you live in an urban area ?
i do but i also can kayak
wow , that must be impressive to do .
it definitely makes the butt work
persona
i work as a teacher and love my job.
i am a mother.
i've two children.
persona II
i am well built and tall.
i work as a scientist.
i like the beatles.
i'm in gymnastics.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
great thank you for asking .
do you have any hobbies ?
i've two kids , so their hobbies are my hobbies lol
oh how nice . what do they enjoy ? are they good at it ?
my daughters both love crafting and they are good at it .
good . what do you do for a living ?
i am a teacher , and you ?
scientist . i study mosquitoes .
sounds interesting , i hope you enjoy it as much as i love teaching .
i do . i really feel like i am doing something useful .
doing something you love means never working a day in your life .
its definitely work . sometimes they refuse the prepared blood . then i've to offer my arm . itchy !
wow ! that would be work !
persona
i love hot wings.
i've three kids.
i'm a truck driver in the south.
i grew up in the trailer park.
persona II
i drive a ford mustang.
i play drums in a band.
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
i am college student.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
much better now that the power is back on after the hurricane hit !
what do you do for a living ?
i drive trucks down here in florida .
what city are you from ?
i live right near tampa .
do you have any hobbies ?
i dabble with computers on the weekends . . . . guess that's my hobby . ll
do you have any pets ?
a cat . my kids love her . two boys and a girl .
i've two dogs myself
we were thinking of getting a dog .
what kind are you thinking ?
smaller dog . we are in an apartment . bigger if we ever get a house .
persona
i'm a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
persona II
i have a lizard named ragini.
i like to take my dog for long walks.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
i enjoy cooking for people.
my mother lives with me.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
doing well . how are you ?
pretty good . what do you do for fun ?
not much . i like the outdoors . going to the beach , hiking etc .
cool . i love cooking elaborate meals for my friends .
i am a vegan myself . do you eat meat ?
i'm a vegan too , awesome .
cool . hey , do you like art ?
i love art . bob ross is my favorite . how about you ?
what ? ? no way ! he's my fav too !
sweet . whats your job ? i'm an accountant .
ll yes , same here . what a small world .
awesome . that is the truth . how long have you been one ?
i've been one ooh . . . . about 3 months .
persona
i enjoy hitchhiking.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i live alone.
i haven t spoken to my family in years.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i have few friends.
i like to sew.
i'm a great baker.
i like to hunt for my food.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
just checking with my 4000 facebook friends .
wow , i only have a few friends from my sewing group
i have no roommates so i connect that way .
sewing is how we connect , but sometimes i think they just love my baking .
is that your main hobby ? mine is hitchhiking .
my main hobby is hunting for food , but i'm a really good baker yes
are you close with your family ?
not really . i really don't have too many friends at all
i've not spoken to mine in years .
i am sorry ! would you like to join us in our sewing group ?
i do not own a sewing machine anymore
you do not need one . you can share mine
that is a very kind offer , is it a formal setting ?
persona
i am currently on a diet.
i would like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i love going to the gym.
persona II
my hair is black.
i like rock climbing.
i'm a writer.
i am gluten free.
dialogue
hi , i just got back from rock climb , how are you today ?
good , just been walking my dogs
i getting ready to start working , i'm writing a novel .
lovely . i'm a gym fanatic !
i am writing about living a gluten free life .
interesting . i'd like to become a veterinarian
i enjoy the gym as well , and i love animals
i love animals , i just want to help them .
i would be the old lady with all the cats in the neighborhood .
crazy cat lady , right ? lol i just started a new diet
have you tried going gluten free ?
no i've not weighed the benefits of gluten free
i have black hair i want to dye it pink , what is your hair color ?
naturally brown , i just recently tried to go blonde .
i want to stand out so i figure pink is the way to go
i love pink , is that your favorite color ?
persona
i'm scared of clowns.
i've two dogs.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two roommates.
i like to cook.
persona II
i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.
i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
i despise my boss.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
we help each other out in my family.
dialogue
hello
hi how are you ?
just got off of work so i am pretty tired . how are you ?
i took my two dogs outside and am getting read to cook dinner
oh really ? what are you cooking ?
something for me and my two roommates . probably a chicken alfredo
that's fairly easy to make . i'm heating leftovers waiting for my wife to get home .
that's nice of you to have dinner ready . what are your hobbies ?
unfortunately i don't have much time for hobbies . what about you ?
cooking , but i love movies . . . scary movies . except when they include clowns
so i am guessing you are not a fan of it . ll
no not at all ! and not the commercials or anything to do with clowns .
persona
i enjoy broadway shows.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i am a steelers fan.
i love to travel.
i am a psychology major.
persona II
i live alone.
i enjoy fishing.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i work on cars for a living.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ? watching football ?
yup my team is smacking the chiefs 12 3
awesome , i was planning to go fishing today but decided against it .
i am planning a fishing trip soon
do it soon because it is getting cold . grilling up a cheeseburger right now .
ice fishing ! and to see an avett brothers show
never gone ice fishing . i'm a mechanic so not enough money to travel that far .
yeah , time is my problem . currently pursuing my psychology degree . winter break is coming
study hard and be successful ! i never found anyone to live with me as a mechanic .
i can never find anyone to go to a broadway show with me either
so that must be why we both love fishing !
you are exactly correct ! i'll travel anywhere for a good catch
good luck with that ! and good luck to the steelers !
you too ! nice talking to you !
yeah , same here . and fingers crossed the giants lose again tonight !
i have bets in place for my next trip ! sure hope so !
persona
i have asthma.
i like to go running.
i used to play hockey.
i'm 6 foot tall.
i love to dance.
persona II
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i love her though.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
dialogue
hi how are you today
good , i love to go dancing , but it makes me fart .
haha . . . i love that . i enjoy dressing up to go out to the club too
because i'm 6 feet tall it sometimes offends my shorter partners .
i'm sorry that stinks . . . my girlfriend understands that i'm shorter
it is hard being tall and having asthma . all the short girls feel like its intentional .
i'm sorry my girlfriend isn't always the best but i lover her alot
i once played hockey , but now i dance with short girls .
i hope to play hockey but i've not yet . . . that would make me happy with myself
i like to run . i run a lot . do you run . you probably do not .
i do like to to run alot however i need to get a procedure soon
what is your most exciting dream ?
getting this procedure but i am currently saving up for it
you need to have more conversations p
thank you for the advice
yeah then you can join me in dance . it sucks that you are short .
persona
i got a new job.
i like to travel.
i like cats.
favorite color is green.
persona II
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i enjoy playing video games.
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i'm very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
dialogue
what are you plans for today ?
well , i love cats , so i'm helping out at the sanctuary .
cats are so adorable ! you are a good person
thank you ! i love frogs too and the color green .
so cool . i pretty much spending time being a gamer
that sounds fun ! i travel a lot too . i like to keep busy .
what do you do to keep busy ? i love learning
anything outdoor related . i've a new career , so i'm very busy .
what is your career ? do you have any favorite foods ?
i work as an advertising manager . i love pizza ! ! !
oh yummy . i love chocolate cake and also chicken if it is fried
i could live on chocolate cake and milk . lol
i hear you . do you have any brothers or sisters ?
i've one brother . i am the oldest .
i am the youngest . must be very different having younger siblings
it is tough , because you are always expected to be the role model .
persona
i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i already have 3 children.
i am 26 years old.
i found out that i am carrying twins.
persona II
i like to read a lot of books.
i'd travel the world if i could.
i m not much of a fan of hot weather.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
dialogue
hello . what do you do
babysitter . you ? john , wayne and newton are my children .
nice . i don t work much . i mostly just read books
oh okay . i just turned 26 and love my three kids . you have children ?
no , no kids as i wanted to be a nomad my whole life
great ! ankles swollen . i need 5 months of bed rest . you sing ?
anything but country music . health condition ?
great ! twins in me . you like charlie pride ?
wow another charlie fan . twins ? that s a health condition
yes . buns in the oven . you met my 3 children ?
john wayne newton , certainly . . . pro baller in another life ?
definitely ! tomorrow i will be 27 . you ?
i m not sure i just know i like the cold . you ?
i see . you need bed rest like me . you draw or paint ?
no apparently i just a book worm
oh okay . i've 3 girls and 1 boy . you married ?
persona
i like nature.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to go hiking.
i love eating out.
persona II
i love to shop.
my favorite french fries are from mcdonalds.
i live in toronto , canada.
my mom and dad are from japan.
dialogue
hi ! my name is tao and i live in canada !
nice to meet you ! i am don and i love being outside . do you work ?
i do , i'm a dental assistant . what kind of activities do you like ?
biggest things i like are walking in nature and cheap restaurants .
haha yes cheap restaurants are good ! like mcdonalds ! i love their fries !
i think they have the best fries anywhere .
checkers too , but other than that i don't eat much fast food
i eat tacos wherever i find them .
oh tacos ! yes ! and hamburgers ! i guess we are foodies lol
totally . what is your favorite brand of mustard ?
heinz ! i love shopping and finding a good deal and they sell good mustard !
yes any time you can save money is great !
so where are you from ? my parents are from japan !
my family is from maine . where in japan , tokyo ?
actually from osaka . i have only been once but it is beautiful ! have you traveled ?
a little , in europe . never been to japan .
persona
i like all types of music.
i like to do crafts.
i like to draw.
i'm a mother of 5.
i like to watch movies.
persona II
i have two children.
one child has autism.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
i am a mother.
i have two dogs who are like my babies.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing fine thanks and yourself ?
great , it was a beautiful day here today .
it was here too ! where do you work ?
i am a teacher and i love it ! you ?
i am a mother of five kids so i stay home
i have two kids and two dogs .
and you teach too ? jokes !
yes , i've a very full schedule ! do you have any pets ?
i don't , if we did i might rip my hair out !
haha , i understand . do you live in a city or suburb or the country ?
i am not sure really , you ?
i live in the suburbs of charlotte , nc
very nice , a real fancy place
i don't like charlotte very much , its a terrible city .
why do you say that ?
persona
i do not want a job.
i still live at home with my parents.
i play video games all day.
i eat all take out.
i'm 32.
persona II
i can read in english and french.
i dropped out of high school.
i read three books a week.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
dialogue
say would you prefer to speak in english or french ?
i would prefer english
sounds good to me , i don't know how to speak french anyways . only read it
at 32 years of age i cannot say i can do anything french except fries
ba dum chh . i like your style . read any books ? i once read 3 in a week !
i read occasionally i mostly play video games at my parents house though , you like video games ?
i have been known to play . . rocket league is something i consider to be my side project
very interesting indeed , how has that process been ?
nice shot ! its been good . tell me more about the games you play
call of duty always gets me going
you what gets me going ? that dr . seuss
he eats green eggs and ham , how about you ?
i do not like them , sam i'm . .
yea me either , take out does it for me .
which kind ? chinese , thai , mexican food ? you can be honest with me . safe place
i love them all honestly , know any good places ?
persona
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
i have been in 2 car crashes in my life.
food and water are essential to me in life.
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i'm going to school to get a degree now.
persona II
i'm an art teacher.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i like to sew my own clothing.
dialogue
what are you up to this evening ?
air in my area is fresh that's why i play sports
did you just come in from playing sports ?
i'm working out now , and drinking water
i just got done sewing a new shirt
no , i am working out now , and watching tv
i've no time for tv being an art teacher
that's nice of you , i'm getting a degree at school now
oh really what are you getting your degree in
it is good to be busy sometimes , keeps you focus
it really does which is why i love to sew my own clothing
i am working on psychology because i had 2 car crashes in past
oh wow do you like to visit thrift shops ?
it affects my driving now , because of fear .
persona
i'ven t spoken to my family in years.
i live alone.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
i have over 4000 friends on facebook.
persona II
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i already have 3 children.
i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i'm 26 years old.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
dialogue
what is good for morning sickness
well , i would say soup ! how far along are you ?
3 . 6 months and counting twins and 3 kids already
do you know the gender ?
not yet trying to decide if i even want to know
i am alone . i do not talk to my family
i can't even imagine that why don't you talk to them
well , they say i've to many friends on facebook
so they refuse to communicate or do you not have the time for them
also , they say i do not like going out formally ! they do not speak to me !
check out scapegoating on google maybe this is what is happening
i am have never heard of that !
its a real thing you deserve respect and to be loved everyone does
thank you ! means a lot !
you are welcome ! i hope you find peace
i hope so too ! living alone is weird !
persona
i am in high school apart of the school band.
i love watching greys anatomy.
music has always been my number one passion.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
persona II
i'm one of four children.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i work some very odd jobs.
i have never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
i'm good yourself ?
pretty good . went on a nice hike today . what are you up to ?
i am watching my recorded episodes of greys anatomy . . . you like that show ?
i am not a huge fan but now and then . what do you do for work ?
i am actually still in high school , so i don't work , but i am very devoted to the band .
cool , what music ?
i am a huge fan of 80s rock but music itself is my number one passion , period .
awesome . i do some really strange jobs and i am able to listen to music a lot .
oh yeah ? what do you do for work mostly ?
all different weird jobs , mostly by myself , driving , or fixing stuff
oh cool cool . my mom is truely my inspiration and she's a nurse .
awesome . family important to me too . i've 3 siblings .
okay cool , are you the oldest ?
persona
i am about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i'm 17.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
persona II
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.
i am currently unemployed so i have time to write.
i am a profesional translator.
i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
dialogue
hi there . i am a translator by trade .
hey , how you doing ? well , i am getting ready to go into college !
i speak three languages but its not what i want to do for a living .
whoa ? three ? that is awesome ! what languages do you speak ?
spanish german and cantonese . i really want to be a writer .
well , me i know un peu francais a little french but that's about it
french is a beautiful language .
wait , technically , you know four languages . . . if you count english .
indeed . which is the language i write in . my novel is almost done .
hey that's awesome ! hope you find a publisher for it ! or online
i quit my job to focus on finishing it . i'm going to put it on amazon .
that's great ! i hope it does really well . whats it about ?
its about a boy who lives in the parks catacombs .
oh neat , is it like a thriller or coming of age type story ?
i meant to say paris . and its a thriller . he scares tourists out of their valuables .
oh wow , that sounds interesting . yeah , i've heard about the catacombs , spooky place !
persona
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
i am an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i only take the bus.
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
persona II
i work in a doctors office.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patients saliva.
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ? i just left the doctors office where i work at .
i'm babysitting for the lady who lives next to me .
i want to be a dental hygienist so i'm studying for it . how about you ?
that is great . i'm on social security and pinching pennies .
sorry to hear that . seeing patients saliva grosses me out and i hate it .
maybe wrong job . i want to paint my apt . yellow , love that color .
maybe i should do tattoos since i have thorns on my toes i did myself .
you tatooed your toes ? easy to hide that from employers .
yeah , and my right ankle is a tattooed rose . do you have any ?
no , they wrinkle with age , but people on the bus have them .
very true . anything you want to tell me about yourself ?
wish utilities weren't so high , cannot pay them . how are yours ?
they are pretty high , but so far i've been lucky to be able to pay them .
that is good . i wish i had solar .
persona
i am an artist.
i love watching game of thrones.
i have four children.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i recently got a cat.
persona II
i've went to mexico 4 times this year.
i hate mexican food.
i like to ski.
i like to eat cheetos.
my wife doesn't like me anymore.
dialogue
hi
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm good thank you , how are you
great , thanks ! my children and i were just about to watch game of thrones .
nice ! how old are your children ?
i've four that range in age from 10 to 21 . you ?
i don't have children at the moment
that just means you get to keep all the popcorn for yourself .
and cheetos at the moment !
good choice . do you watch game of thrones ?
no , i don't have much time for tv
i usually spend my time painting but , i love the show .
persona
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i have three dogs and two cats.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
i live in chicago.
persona II
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wish i could live in iceland.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
i wish i could write in cursive.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? how was your summer ? mine was pretty boring .
it was great ! ! ! ! spent a lot of time with my two cats and three dogs ! ! ! !
sounds awesome , i'm looking forward to winter though . i love everything about the cold .
i've no choice but to love it . my home is in chicago .
it gets cold here in alaska too . my dream is to live in iceland , by a volcano .
that sounds like it would be geat ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what kind of music do you like ? my tastes are pretty weird haha .
not a big music fan . i spend my time playing quake on slackware linux .
oh cool , retro gaming ! i am more of a console gamer myself .
oh i adore console games too ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yea between that , and working on cursive writing , my weekends are pretty busy .
what else do you do for fun ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ! ! ! !
i'm waiting for something extraordinary to happen , but most days are work and rest .
i can relate with that . my life is not very exciting ! ! ! ! !
persona
i've long fingers.
i m dumpy.
i have long legs.
i can t eat shrimp.
like a skeleton.
persona II
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i enjoy playing video games.
i'm in college.
i live life to its fullest.
i enjoy listening to country music.
dialogue
hi there how are you doing today ?
hi right back . okay . kind of draggin . no energy
that's the worse . is it because it is hot outside ?
it is hot , but i am too thin right now almost a skeleton !
oh no ! are you okay ?
yes , i am not i'll . just really thin . where are you from ?
i'm from nashville , home of country music which i love . and you ?
pittsburgh . i eat pasta a lot . i'm allergic to seafood shrimp
that sucks , i am currently going to college .
that's great . what school ?
tennesee state , trying to get a better job other then my lame one .
okay . good luck with your studies . are you into midterm yet ?
you know it ! studying hard . what do you do for a job ?
i'm an adjunct professor of music , and my fingers are long for piano
persona
i love money.
my feet smell.
i've brown eyes.
i've blonde hair.
my mother was a weightlifter.
persona II
i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.
i take everything literally.
i am very genuine , and don t like small talk.
i've a very good memory.
i have aspergers.
dialogue
hello how is it going
hello , i am well thank you . just got back from the gym .
do you have some asperger i know i do
no , i don't . i'm a weightlifter , like my mother .
i've a really great memory
very nice , i only date rich guys .
although i'm genuine i hate small talk
what do you look like ? i'm a brown eyed blonde
i take any and everything like so literally
does that make you socially awkward ?
i'm about to start a new job its helping me learn about socialization
you should check out some podcasts , they help .
i am so awesome on all levels
of course you are . do you like to surf ?
i look at myself in the mirror to make sure that i still look good
do you have issues with your attention span ?
persona
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
i used to wear a cape.
its one of my favorite hobbies.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
persona II
i love comic books.
i am 8 years old.
my favorite hero is superman.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my name is todd.
dialogue
hello i'm todd , how are you ?
hi todd i'm 20 years old
that's awesome ! i am only 8 .
cmon . . . . what do you do for a living ?
i don't work yet , but i want to be a superhero when i get big
why are you up so late ?
reading comic books , i love them . what about you
i'm scared and i can't sleep
superman can protect you he is my favorite .
i like batman more haha
ll well then . what time is it there
its 12 ; 20 . . . what about over there ?
persona
i can play the violin.
i'm from georgia.
i love chocolate.
i cannot sing very well.
i want to have two kids.
persona II
i work at a doctors office.
i enjoy reading.
i love dogs.
my favorite flower is a lily.
dialogue
hi , i've 5 dogs , do you have pets ?
yes i've eight rabbits . but i really want 2 children .
cool , hope you have your kids . i've daughter lily
ah does she like chocolate ? i adore it !
yes , i named her after my favorite perineal
where do you live with your dogs ?
arizona , above my job at the doctors office .
interesting , i reside in georgia where i peddle on the streets as a violinist .
interesting , i like to read as a hobby , and you ?
i like to break out in random singing , but i'm not very good at it
random singing , you do not have to be good if you like it .
that is a good point . maybe i will do it more !
yes , you should do it more . and karaoking too .
so you work as a doctor ?
no , at a doctors office doing data entry .
ah that seems very boring
persona
my mind is set on things above.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
i trust in god.
persona II
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm from texas.
my mother is a retired teacher.
i love to ride horses.
i love to bake.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
today has been a rough day , but god is good , he will help
what has made your day so tough ?
my boyfriend has broken my heart
i'm so sorry . how long did you date ?
we were together for nearly 3 years .
that's a long time . never know , he may have done you a favor .
well , i know that god has something good planned for me
that is a good way to look at it . do you have hobbies ?
yes , i really enjoy reading . how about you ?
i like to make cakes and also enjoy horses .
ooh , do you have a specialty for the types of cakes you make ?
not really . i just really like to create .
it is always good to be creative !
i think so too . what state are you from ?
i'm from ohio , how about you ?
persona
i'm in high school.
i love disney movies.
i love to dance.
i'm on a competitive dance team.
ariel is my favorite princess.
persona II
i'm an army ranger.
i m not afraid to die.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? my name is eric . i'm excited to get to know you !
thanks me too . i m june . what do you do ?
i'm in the army . i'm ranger . it is the greatest job ever ! what about you ?
i m a student . i go to not sure high
great ! what do you want to do with your future ?
i would really love to become a professional dancer
neat ! my wife teaches dance classes back in the states !
that is awesome ! i would love to teach dance one day also
what year in high school are you ? what else do you like to do ?
it s my first year . i really like to watch disney princess movies
i've two daughters so i know all about disney princesses !
so how do you feel about ariel ?
that is my younger daughters favorite !
good girl ! she s my favorite too
it is nice to be deployed . gets me away from princess talk and conventional life .
you should escape to the softer side every once in a while soldier
persona
i m currently looking for a job in baltimore.
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
i'm addicted to the hit show empire.
i take pride in getting straight a s.
god has always been put first in my life.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i travel often.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i live with my parents.
i ve an iphone.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ? where are you ?
hey i am looking for open job in baltimore
i have been there , i get around . my mom might have work for you there .
well i get straight a s all the time in class
that's sweet , like the color red . what do you look like ?
are usually put god first in everything that i do
yes ! god rocks . do you have a droid phone ?
everything but i m into the show empire the hit show and
i do not like that . do you own a house ?
no i m still renting do you know yo gotti
i'm still at home , it is shameful . our house is so small .
the rapper that i really want
how do you listen to it ?
i listen to it through the computer and any other form of music listening
persona
i've reached 50k subscribers !.
i started taking beauty classes too.
through them i have learned to make up myself and others.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
persona II
both my parents were teachers.
i like to hunt.
i have two children.
i had two cats growing up.
dialogue
hello there , i wanted you to know that my mom and dad were teachers .
what do they teach ? i'm learning to do make up !
my mom was a history teacher , my dad was a shop teacher .
that is cool . i started taking beauty classes . definitely not related lol !
that is nice . do you like kids ? i've two . a boy and a girl .
i like them . i've nephews . wish i had a niece to do make up on !
ll i had two cats and i'd try to put make up on them .
did you ever succeed ? my cats would murder me if i even attempted haha .
not really , they would get mad at me
i recently started a youtube channel where i do make up tutorials .
wow you are serious about make up
i'm ! i finally reached my goal of 50k subscribers ! its a passion of mine .
i watch youtube to learn new hunting skills
youtube is extremely helpful . how did we ever live without it ll .
i know . its the how to go to for everyone .
well , i've to go . those tutorials aren't going to make themselves ! nice chatting !
persona
i like to play video games.
i've 2 turtles.
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
my favorite color is red.
i have purple hair.
persona II
i want to be a famous photographer.
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i like taking pictures.
i am a widow.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
dialogue
what are your plans on this beautiful day ?
gonna chill with my two turtles and play games . you ?
great . i am going to take pictures to do of the beautiful outdoors
it rains here too much . i like red . what is your fav color ?
green , like the beautiful grass and nature
ah that is nice . like my turtles . you have pets ?
no i don't . i need one though , especially because my husband died recently
oh i am sorry that's sad
it really helps me by taking pictures . makes me feel better . one day i will be famous
nice i hope you'll remember me
i will . you seem like such a great person
thanks that is nice to hear
do you have anything else to tell me about yourself ?
i like movies , gone with the wind , but it is a bit dated .
old movies are great . much better than what is out there right now
yes modernity is a bust for sure . what are you eating ?
persona
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
my wife is legally deaf.
my parents are both over age 100.
i build aquariums for a living.
persona II
i live in kansas.
i like watching reality television shows.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i'm looking for a new job.
i'd like to move some place warmer.
i am an out of work farmhand.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing this fine morning ?
i am absolutely wonderful and you ?
well , honestly kind of depressed . so i am just watching the kardashions .
www sorry about that . get to be my age you'll feel better
not sure . being an out of work farm hand because the farm foreclosed sucks .
try a hand at my job . i make aquariums and my brothers a director
well its better than being unemployed in kansas . i guess it could be worse too .
you gotta be optimistic . my parents are over 100 and still optimistic
oh wow ! that must be awesome . where are yall from ?
cleveland ohio , home of the cavaliers
nice . i want to move somewhere warmer like maybe california .
california is a nice destination
persona
my family has moved 40 times.
i'm a genius.
i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.
i'm 6 feet tall.
i've purple hair.
persona II
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i'm from baltimore md.
i've six tattoos , all of cats.
i've a pencil thin mustache.
dialogue
how are you doing today sir ?
i'm cool 6 feet tall genius will love bright purple hair
what about purple hair do you love ?
i collect stray people just the lady that collect cats
how old are your tattoos ?
i'm tired of my family moving it bee like 40 times
where did your family move to ?
i see dead people and they hit me
where do you see the dead people ?
i think my father killed my mom should i call the police
i definitely would call the police if you think that is the case
the police told me to go join my mom
wow that's not a nice thing to say to somebody
i think i should take my little sister with me
i'd definitely do that if i were you
she's only 7 years old
persona
i love family time.
i am a soccer mom.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i cook every night.
persona II
i have 4 dogs.
i enjoy swimming.
i do not like green eggs and ham.
i've a missing pinky toe.
i love cooking.
dialogue
hello hello ! how are you this morning ?
great ! washing the dishes from last night homemade meal .
oh nice ! what would you make , if i may ask ?
lasagna from scratch , my kids helped me , love being with the family .
ironically i also love to cook . its a passion of mine .
my passion is cheerleading , i teach at my kids school .
really ? so you are a teacher ?
no , i am a housewife . i go to my kids soccer game and help the cheerleaders .
that's still pretty cool . is it hard to do ?
not for me , do you have any special dishes that you like to cook ?
yes , twice baked potatoes ! or homemade spaghetti sauce .
i am planing what i will be cooking tonite , pasta is a good option
hmm , you can always add some ground beef or chicken to it , too .
we are vegans , plant based meals .
oops ! then maybe an egg plant parmesan dish ?
yes ! great idea . thank you so much ! and you ? are you cooking tonie ?
persona
since my dog died i m incomplete.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
i live in a house with a yard.
persona II
i have been married for 20 years.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i am a military veteran.
my favorite sport is football.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
really sad because i don t buy
not sure what you mean
i meant our dog just died that s why i am sad
so sorry i know what that is like
feels incomplete but i ve been hit by art
i love animals i spend time volunteering a the animal shelter
our house is an ar room
do you enjoy football ? i love it
as an artist yes i got my ideas from it
cool . i plan on travelling and finding out about new cultures
wow where are the places in mint
japan is one place i want to go
that s pretty cool my two sons they really want to go there
it is beautiful . i'm a veteran and was there in the military
wow i want to see your military experience
persona
i work part time.
my favorite animal is the koala.
i do not like beer.
i live with a roommate.
persona II
my favorite movie is star wars.
i like to play video games.
i've a pet iguana.
i work at mcdonald.
i play football.
dialogue
you wanna go see the new star wars flick when it comes out ? my favorite !
yeah sure . i don't have anything better to do .
we will have to play it by ear b c the slavemasters at cmds do not tell me my schedule .
i know what you mean . the slavedrivers at walmart do not either .
my buddy works at walmart too . i go there after work to play videogames with him .
haha i do too . better than beer pong any day .
yeh . and no hangover in the morning . i am on a flag football team come weekends .
i just cannot stand hangovers , hence why i don't drink ! football is great .
between practice and work and everything , i never have time for my pet iguana named sophocles .
that's so rad . i'll hangout with him if you do not have time .
lets sneak him into the star wars movie ! ! !
that is a great idea ! ! ! yes !
tee hee hee . alright , so i'll give you a ring once i know my schedule .
okay , i would love to marry you , too .
persona
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
i'm not afraid to die.
i'd be honored to give my life for my country.
i'm an army ranger.
persona II
i own blue shoes.
i drive a blue car.
i like the color blue.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i like to listen to elvis.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing fine . glad to be on break from the army .
are you enlisted right now ?
currently yes . not deployed yet . just at home base .
do you have any hobbies ?
besides risking my life in potential battle . i like going to the beach !
what kind of music do you like ?
classic rock . i've a few songs on shuffle when i listen to my ipod
do you have any pets ?
nope , just 2 kids and a wife back at home !
how long have you been married ?
been about 7 years now . our kids are 3 and 1 .
how did you guys meet ?
th , through a dating cite . which was a miracle that someone else used it
persona
i am from mexico.
i've 2 cats.
i used to be a chef , but i m a teacher now.
i like to bake.
persona II
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i've a terrible singing voice.
dialogue
hi ! what are you doing ? i am singing terribly as we chat .
funny . i teach and bake . john and wayne are my cats .
i work at a local diner as a short order cook . i wish i could bake .
oh okay . you ever been to mexico . i've . you dance ?
no but i went hiking on the appalachian trail during this summer .
get out ! me too ! i'm an ex chef . you draw or paint ?
i do both . i am also a writer of romance books under a pen name .
get out ! i write mexican cookbooks . any bestsellers ?
yes , 10 to date ! do you like grateful dead ? when they toured i followed them .
oh okay and no . i breed cats for fun . you have a cat ?
i do . i've dogs too . i prefer dogs over cats . what about you ?
wow ! no like dogs . cat are clean . so you a groupie ?
no , just worked with them . not a fan of their music .
i see . you think i should teach cooking ?
i do . it is a great thing to know whether you are young or old .
hmmm . old ? is 34 old ?
persona
i am a fruitarian.
i have my own greenhouse.
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i like to garden.
persona II
i am recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
i'd like to spend more time with my family.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
dialogue
how are you today ?
good , just in my greenhouse , how bout you ?
that's nice . i am looking for a job . i am in marketing .
i am into making soap you can help me
i would love to market that . i've my business degree . where are you ?
new york city , i earn a good living but with proper marketing could do better
great ! i am out east too but my family is out west . i miss them .
oh awww , you should go visit them
marketing is much harder out west .
why is it harder out west ?
well i recently graduated undergraduate out east , so all of my connections are here .
oh okay i see , well keep pushing you'll get there
what do you like to do other than making soap ?
i am into the whole garden live natural lifestyle i love it
persona
i take medication.
i wear glasses all day.
i run track.
i love video games.
persona II
i like nfl and college football.
i love to read fiction books.
i am a georgia resident.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? what are you doing ?
just got done playing video games with my son . we love it
what games ? i love madden . . . or just football anything college , nfl , i play in a fantasy league
we love call of duty games
all of my friends here in georgia play the multiplayer for that all the time
my son and i also love to go running at the track
i am reading a good fiction book about a father and son running at the track
that sounds interesting . when i run i've to take medicine for allergies .
my book is a sci fi horror story , i love fiction horrors . . . i hope that you are careful
having a hard time learning to use glasses and contacts
oh , you have a lot of problems it sounds like , at least you have a son
it all hits you when you get to your fifties
oh , hopefully time slows down for me then
good luck to you on that
yea i guess that's not going to happen
time stops for no one
persona
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i have 3 kids.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
persona II
i love cooking !.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
dialogue
hi ! how arre you ?
hi i'm doing great how are you ?
great ! its hot , so i'm thinking about heading for a swim in a bit .
that sounds fun i live in las vegas , where are you from
i'm in ca . my mom is american and my dad from india .
they came a long way ! what do you do for a living
nothing now . i do like to cook , so i'll be looking for a related job .
that's good i've a masters in statistics and am going back to school
what are you going back for ? cosmic studies ? you saw the world already .
for business management i want to run a casino
one of the big ones in vegas ?
hopefully they are the most rewarding . have you ever played blackjack ?
persona
my dad works in the automotive industry.
both my parents are creative.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
i dream of playing music for a living.
persona II
my birthday is in june.
i'm currently unemployed.
summer is my favorite season.
i have a cat.
dialogue
hi there i'm kat
hi , kat ! i'm miguel . how are you ?
i am good for the most part
wonderful . i just finished supper and now i am watching tv .
oh what are you watching ?
i'm watching curb your enthusiasm . you ever seen it ?
i have heard of it but never watched it
yeah , it is a pretty ridiculous show . what do you do for fun , kat ?
i use to draw a lot , but most of my free time goes to my daughter
cool . i like to play music sometimes . i just bought a mixer .
oh cool what genre you listen to ?
i am all about reggae . i be jammin . what about you ?
i listen to a little of everything depending on the artist but mainly rap and hip hop
hell yeah . i bump lil boosie and that trill fam music in my whip . rs
do listen to wayne and eminem ?
you mean young weezy f baby please say the baby ?
persona
i drive a fast car.
i like to eat food.
i listen to rock music.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i work for a large company.
persona II
i've three kids.
i'm a truck driver in the south.
i grew up in the trailer park.
i love hot wings.
dialogue
hi . . how are you doing . .
hey . i am good for the night . how are you ?
good . . on a break today from work
oh nice ! where do you work ?
i drive my own truck
oh wonderful ! is it fun ? i just work for delta right now .
its fun sometimes . . boring sometimes
i bet . maybe we could win the lottery someday . dream come true !
hope so buddy . . how is ur work ?
its work what can i say . i just like driving my mustang gt to work .
lol . . that's a good way of saying
yes , i love to listen to gr on the way . do you like rock music too ?
i'm big fan of elvis
oh nice ! i grew up on him . even tried some of his food combinations .
persona
i'm terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
my dog is my best friend.
at all times , i am wearing something black.
persona II
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
i don't have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
i want to visit rome , but i cannot make myself go alone.
dialogue
hello tell me about yourself
hi , i love wearing black
what do you do for living ?
i work as a computer technician hate it ! what about you ?
i am a college student
that sounds fun . do you have hobbies ?
mostly listening to music . . . you ?
i enjoy hanging out with my best friend . . . . my dog
where are you from ?
honolulu . . . which doesn't have snakes but i love snakes . what about you ?
i am terrified of snakes
org , but they're adorable ! i am terrified of spiders ! !
spider creep me out too
i think that means we have something in common . lets date .
wher arre you from ?
honolulu . . . visit sometime ! just look for the half asian girl wearing black on the beach .
persona
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i'm a fruitarian.
i've my own greenhouse.
i like to garden.
persona II
i am a house wife.
i'm on a diet.
i am thirty two years old.
i have been married eight years.
i can t drive.
dialogue
hello how are you ? do you drive ?
i am good i drive when i am not creating new soaps
wow that is nice to be creative ! i'm 32
i have a green house want to come see it
what kind of plants do you grow ? are you on a diet ?
i grow a little bit of everything in my garden no det though
my diet consists of whole foods but no garden though .
that is cool you are healthy then
i try . i'm married and my husband is very healthy
that's great i'm glad to hear it
i don't work i stay home . do you work ?
no i don't work now i just make soaps at my house
that is very cool ! what kind do you make ?
all kinds of different scents and cool shapes
persona
i have perfect pitch.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i have been published in the new yorker magazine.
i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
i am a gourmet cook.
persona II
i like to dance.
i love shoes.
i like pizza.
i like to shop.
dialogue
hey ! i am here dancing and eating pizza !
nice i love to cook , seems you are having fun
always ! i went shopping today for new shoes .
cool , i don't like wide open spaces so i avoid shopping
i can take you shopping in paris . it is not so wide open .
oh cool , my profession is gourmet cook , i can cook you something
i would love some shrimp scampi like how the make it at red lobster .
i got you , i was published in the new yorker magazine
are . you . serious ? i am so impressed
yep that is what i do
can you come cook for my party ?
sure will if you take me shopping in paris haha
most definitely . chanel ? louboutin ? gucci ? let me know what you want .
haha just hanging out shopping sounds fun
shopping is always fun
i think i'd enjoy more if i overcome this phobia
persona
my favorite artist was prince.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
i am from germany.
i like listening to blues music.
persona II
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
wonderful . i hail from germany . what about you ?
i'm okay . been fighting with my gf . she keeps threatening to leave .
yikes ! that's the worst . play some music for her . i enjoy the blues .
do you like john grisham ?
i am not much of a reader but i love prince . purple rain , purple rain . . .
i love his movies , but not so much his books .
i feel you . i'm bilingual . . . english and spanish . what about you ?
no , i only speak english .
we have to change that . i'm going clubbing tonight . what about you ?
no , i am already in pjs .
boring ! where do you live ?
i live in south carolina . you ?
new york city , of course
persona
i work for a large company.
i listen to rock music.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i drive a fast car.
i like to eat food.
persona II
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
i am 5 7 tall.
i live in a house in california.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
dialogue
hey . how is your night going ?
very good , just listening to some rock music after a long day . how are you ?
i am good . just got done working at target .
how was your work day ? do you have any hobbies ?
it was good , except i did hit my head on a light , being 5 7 has its cons .
wow , that's pretty tall . hope you are okay .
i am fine . my hobby is playing with my dog , he gets a biscuit everyday .
good to hear you are okay .
i am glad my house in california has tall ceilings . lol , do you have hobbies ?
i like to drive my mustang and eat great food
awesome car ! do you like movies ? i try to watch a movie every other month .
yes i do . if i win the lottery , i will build my own theater .
that is cool . better invite me over
of course i'll invite you over !
persona
my favorite color is red.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite food is a burger.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite musical is hamilton.
persona II
i adopted all my dogs.
i believe in karma.
i love to read.
i have never been on a date.
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ?
good , just got back from seeing my fav now musical hamilton
really ? i've heard its great ! i recently read a book about it !
had the best burger ever before i went
yum ! was it a date ? i've never been on one
yes , as an fancy accountant i've many many of these
that is cool ! i spend alot of time with my adopted dogs
cool . any sports . like tennis maybe ?
no , i prefer to read and write . i've even written a book
ok then . is it time to go ?
i am not sure ? the book was about my favorite actors lif
well my favorite collor is red the same color as my favorite book war and peace
persona
i like playing basketball.
i love to listen to religious music.
i am a middle aged woman.
i love my family.
persona II
i like the beatles.
i work as a scientist.
i m in gymnastics.
i am well built and tall.
dialogue
hello . my name is rob . i'm tall and well built . how are you ?
hello , rob . nice to meet you . i'm mia and love to go to church .
that's great ! how often do you go to church ?
i go three times a week . do you attend ?
i do not . i went when i was a child with my parents .
do you play basketball ? it is my favorite .
i do play basketball and i also do gymnastics . it is great to keep fit .
i'm too old to do gymnastics , lol
it is a young person sport but you are never too old to try !
not since i turned 40 , lol .
i am 36 and still lift weights . do you work ? i am a scientist .
i don't . my husband is a detective .
i've a degree in criminal justice . do you like music ? the beatles are my favorite .
i do , i listen to old time gospel .
nice . i'd love to hear what your husband thinks about the las vegas incident !
he's currently there , helping with the investigation .
persona
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
if i want it , i buy it.
i sometimes think i am shallow.
my mother is a professional make up artist.
persona II
i enjoy a good run.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i like things in organized.
i'm a stay at home mom.
one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
dialogue
hi how ar you doing
hi i'm doing good how are you
i'm good just getting back from a run
wow you must be in shape . i'm not very active
i stay at home with the kids so i have extra time
that is good , i could not handle kids i cannot even handle a dog
i try to stay very organized
that is a good quality to have . what do you like to do besides run
i cook a lot for my family
i go outside to listen to my neighbors arguments at night ,
that's kind of weird hear anything interesting ?
not really my mom does make up for celebrity when they're on a movie set
that's cool have you been with her on set
no she doesn't trust me and i feel like i'm to shallow to go
persona
i am a writer.
i like rock climbing.
i've a dog.
my hair is black.
i'm gluten free.
persona II
my favorite musical is hamilton.
my favorite food is a burger.
my favorite color is red.
i work as an accountant.
i like to play tennis.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing very well , and how about you ?
i am good thanks for asking
i just got back from a rock climbing trip , i even brought my dog along .
what do you do for a living ?
i write childrens books based on my childhood visits to maine for summer vacations as a child .
what city are you from ?
i'm from the big city of hartford connecticut
do you have any other hobbies ?
well i pan for gold , i listen to indian flute music .
do you have any pets ?
yes i have a chocolate lab
persona
i m in love with adam levine.
i've two children under ten.
i love eating kale.
i need extra iron in my diet.
persona II
i watch every football game at alabama.
i'm a geology major at alabama university.
i never have had alcohol in my life.
i currently suffer from social anxiety.
dialogue
hi there ! are you having nice night ?
i am just sitting here eating kale and listen to adam levine . you ?
watching football . i watch all the alabama games .
they're so bad i would not even let my children watch them !
i do as i am a student at alabama university .
what are you studying there ?
geology is my major . what do you do ?
i am a mom of two kids 8 and 9 . what about you ?
just school . i have social anxiety so i do not go out much .
i do when i get enough iron . do you live alone ?
no . with a roommate who drinks a lot . i never had a drink before .
i love drinking and singing like adam levine .
he has a really good voice . i've seen him on tv before .
i love him . i'm going to have to go . i need more kale .
i hope you enjoy the rest of your evening .
i hope that you do to .
persona
i live with my parents.
i work as a waitress.
i love to play soccer.
i am an insatiable reader.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
persona II
my left knee is filled with metal.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
my family means the world to me.
i've 3 dogs and a parrot.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
good ! just got done with the breakfast rush . i am a waitress . you ?
i am just a stay at home pet mom , i love my gods and parrot .
www that is nice ! i still live at home with my mom .
after my knee surgery i lived with my mom for awhile .
hope its better now . any plans for afternoon ? i've soccer practice .
probably go to bingo and maybe hit up jazz fest .
that sounds fun ! i wish i could stay home and read or watch disney movies !
that sounds like a good time . my parrot sings disney songs .
oh my gosh are you serious . i would love that !
i think it really annoys my husband .
ll he not a disney movie fan . ? there my all time favorites
persona
i am an out of work farmhand.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i am looking for a new job.
i live in kansas.
i like watching reality television shows.
i would like to move some place warmer.
persona II
i love to go running.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i don't like vegetables.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
dialogue
i'm athletic .
hi ! wow . . i bet you like sports
family is important to me , so we enjoy sports together .
that's nice . are you working ?
yes , i am . aside from this ? yes .
what kind of work ?
receptionist . how about you ?
nice , i am still looking for a job
i hope you find one soon . what kind of work are you into ?
anything so i can get some money . ll
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to watch reality tv show . how about you ?
persona
marduk is my favorite band.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
persona II
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i like to work on cars.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i lost my shoes today , i'm having a hard time .
oh no ! how did you lose your shoes ?
i do not really know . i was out for my morning stroll on a glacier .
wow . . . where do you live ?
do you want to come for some dinner ? i'll cook .
nah , plans with the boys tonight . dart tournament and foreign beers .
i was going to cook lutefisk .
what ? that is ridiculous ! where are you from ?
we could have sang music together and bubbled over into the night
what kind of music ? if it is classic rock i might have a change of heart .
marduk is the only band for me .
i don't even know what that's .
i lost my keys . will you look for them ?
lol , you seem to lose a lot of things .
am i losing you too , my friend ?
persona
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i have a cat named seven of nine.
i work at a coffee house.
i am a student at michigan state university.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
persona II
i want to own a house on a beach.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
i love eating at mcdonald.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
dialogue
i wish i could live on the beach ! city living is rough . . .
you should live in michigan , i from michigan state university
sounds academic ! my parents are teachers , so i've lots of experience with that . . .
i am not much of an academic , i prefer broadway
broadway is fun , but my preference is nascar ! woooooo
i also like dancing , like dancing with the stars
that's cool ! you know what makes everything better ? eating mcdonald !
i like mcdonald coffee , its better than the coffee house i work at
wow , really ? ? ? best time eating mcdonald while watching nascar
haha , what ? you are funnier than my cat , seven of nine
your cat sounds cool ! that name , though . . .
yeah , its a weird name .
persona
my family is very important to me.
my brothers work with me.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
i work all the time.
persona II
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i played in a band for 17 years.
i own my own music store.
i am an animal rights activist.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
hello , i'm doing very well , how are you ?
doing well . tired . worked all day at my music store .
that sounds exhausting , i manage a restaurant my brothers own .
i hear ya . i was in a band for almost 2 decades . wipes you out .
so does the restaurant business . i love working though .
me to . i spend my spare time as a animal rights activist .
that sounds interesting , tell me more please .
well , i do research for animal testing and blog and printing about it .
that is horrible , testing on animals .
yes , there's no need for it in the 21st century .
no , there's not . it is barbaric and has no place in our society .
i totally agree with you .
are you close to your family ?
yes , both my folks are in a church choir .
that is very nice . my folks don't go to church .
persona
i've gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i am a grown woman.
i am in a motorcycle club.
i've never lost a fight.
persona II
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i work as a waitress.
i love to play soccer.
i live with my parents.
i am an insatiable reader.
dialogue
hi there . i'm a waitress .
hi ! nice to meet you
i love movies . especially disney .
nice ! what kind of restaurant do you work at ?
a diner . its near my parents , i live with them .
cool . i go to a lot of diners because i am in a motorcycle club !
i have read lots of books about motorcycle clubs . i love reading .
readings ok , but i like speeding . i have gone 208 mph before
that is way too fast for me .
it was awesome ! i went 208 for more than 10 min . try it !
i think i will stick to soccer .
haha fair enough . do you get in fights when you play ? i've never lost on
i try not to fight but i'm pretty tough .
i try not to fight either , but sometimes people ask for it
persona
my mother was a teacher.
i am single.
i enjoy nature.
my favorite food is salad.
i teach a yoga class.
persona II
i m not much of a fan of hot weather.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i would travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
dialogue
hello i'm big into music minus country . what makes your day vivid
well i love hiking and being in nature . you ?
i'd travel the world and see the sites if i could . other countries have amazing views
traveling and seeing our wonderful mother earth is why i got into teaching .
nice i'm big on books and to see where some authors got their inspiration would be amazin
what do you do for a living ?
i take care of elderly , so i'm all about music and stories of our past
my mom was a music teacher . which is why i teach yoga now .
that is awesome i love yoga just not hot yoga lol i am not keen on hot weather
tell me about the food you like to eat . i love salads .
i am always trying new foods and mixing them like asian fusion is my favorite
wow i bet your dates really love going out with you . so open minded .
alas not so much , but my close friends and family do enjoy my blends
my dates don t like salad so much which is why i m still single .
persona
i'm a poet.
i've a beta fish.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i'm the head of the gun club.
persona II
i want to move to london when i get older.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i've 3 brothers.
i love soccer.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
i am good after winning a game of golf today with my friends .
i can not wait to go to london some day
enjoying these last good sunny days playing golf before winter .
my brothers and i play soccer usually
london is a lot of fun . you'll love it . . lots of poets , like me , from there .
that's cool i love to read
i write a lot of poetry when i can't play golf . those are my main hobbies .
those are very interesting hobbies
i'm also the head of our local gun club . do you like to hunt or shoot ?
i love guns can i join
hunting , target practice and golf are fun but being a poet pays the bills .
that is true some things pay bills other help us have fun
yes you can . just a small membership fee and take me to london with you .
i always like to invest but this is different
you should invest in a poet . you can get good returns if you pick the right one .
persona
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i enjoy jazz music.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i work at a factory.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading.
i'm a digital artist.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
dialogue
hi there . i am french and now canadian
well you cannot be perfect
thanks . but i love to read
readin , i hate words !  year old , broke your nose , that was the cruel rhyme .
i love to read stephen king books
now its just jazz , i enjoy it greatly .
that's nice . i love jazz too
bicycles , you can ride them everywhere , you know ?
wow . that's new . lets ride sometime
well , i cannot as i've a job at a factory , so there is that .
thanks . twas nice speaking with you
okay , and , btw , i do not enjoy jazz
persona
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i enjoy a good run.
i am a stay at home mom.
i like things in organized.
persona II
i hate tomatoes.
i am very short.
i have 2 kids.
i am a female.
i need a wheel chair to get around.
dialogue
hi . tell me about you .
hi there , i'm a mom who stays at home .
i am not tall at all
i really love to cook . however i dislike baking .
that's nice . i don't like tomatoes . i need a wheelchair
that must be difficult considering i love to have a good run .
it is . but i'm a woman so it isn't too bad
tell me more about yourself
ok . i love life . i love sugar .
that's awesome ! i always like to keep everything organized .
great ! love is good . always
definitely . that is for sure !
i love this . lol . so funny
it is so weird haha
so , you have alot of cats
i have two cats actually
persona
i've purple hair.
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
i have 2 turtles.
i like to play video games.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i like fishing.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i usually catch sunfish.
i cannot eat them but they are pretty.
i'm a simple man.
dialogue
hey , i just got back from fishing . how are you ?
hey there , that sounds like fun . i'm just hanging out playing video games .
what kind of games do you like ?
i love adventure games . do you have any pets ? i've two turtles .
i don't have any pets . do you like going to the creek ?
sometimes i like to go but it is not great on my purple hair .
i usually go to just drink beer fish .
i think if i had a fishing pole that was my favorite color red , i would fish .
what kind of fish would you catch ?
in the creeks around here , it is mostly trout or in the lakes large mouths .
i catch sunfish because they are pretty , cannot eat them though .
i could eat some bass and watch gone with the wind . sun fish are cute .
persona
i am hoping to find someone to marry me.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i'm an only child.
i work out to look good.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
i love to run.
my wife just left me.
i'm a lawyer.
my favorite city is new york.
dialogue
i really want to go to new york . its my fav . how are you ?
i live there ! i am happy its saturday i've been getting ready for tonight all day .
cool . i just finished my run . i love running . it calm me
same . but i usually just work out to get a better body
i need to do that now . just made me a steak .
we have so much in common ! we should get married
we could . i mean my wife left me and work as a lawyer
do you have a big family ?
nope just me . i am so lonely
same i don't have any siblings
we definitely should meet up . maybe i go to new york
come over . we can go to a party tonight . how far are you
persona
my mom and dad are from japan.
i love to shop.
i live in toronto , canada.
my favorite french fries are from mcdonald.
persona II
i am single and not looking.
pizza is my favorite food.
my favorite subject in school was science.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
dialogue
hello , how is your evening going ?
going great . yours ? i have me some french fries from mcdonald . my favorite .
great ! i just got done eating some pizza and i am reading a novel .
i went shopping earlier . what are you reading ?
a suspense novel called , the cabin . i read a lot since i live alone .
i still live with my parents , they moved us from japan to canada when i was little .
my mom lived with me for a short time when she was recovering from cancer .
oh , so sorry that your mom had to go through that .
she's so strong ! a real true survivor .
i'm happy to hear she's a survivor . there is nothing nice about cancer .
are you still in school ? what is your favorite subject ? science was mine .
yes , i'm a senior and i love math . science is fun too though .
persona
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
i work at a coffee house.
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i'm a student at michigan state university.
persona II
i stay active.
i have eight grandchildren.
i am retired.
i wear glasses.
dialogue
what are you up to today ?
i'm well getting ready to get off work , i work a coffee house
i don't have to work anymore , thank goodness
i am still in college at michigan state it pays the bills for now .
i'm an older woman , but i do get my exercise
you rich or something like that ?
no i wish ! i could buy lots of toys for all my grandkids . all 8 of them
like broadway tunes ? i sing them all the time
oh i do . they remind me of music back in the day
why can you not ? that is a lot of kids
i do not work anymore , so i do not have the money to
what was it like ? you like dancing with stars ?
musicals were a lot more common back then . and yes i do !
yes i must agree ! who is your fav ?
lindsey stirling ! she's amazing
yes she's must watch it together 1 day
persona
i used to be a meat eater but i'm now a vegan.
i go to yoga.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
watching sports is fun.
persona II
i've not been on a date since high school.
i'm a professional horse racing handicapper.
i've made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
great . just fantasizing being a millionaire . maybe in sports since they are fun to watch .
what do you do for a living ?
yoga teacher . i believe in being healthy , no meat any more for me . you ?
what city are you from ?
colorado . how about you ? where are you from ? what do you do ?
i am from california , have you ever been ?
yes , i love the mountains and the ocean contrast .
do you have any pets ?
no , i'm allergic , how about you ?
yes i've 10 cats myself
wow . cat lady or man ? do you work ? married ?
i'm a lady so i guess cat lady
sounds like fun . you must love to play . cats are pretty active , right ?
persona
i love to go running.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
i don't like vegetables.
persona II
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
i enjoy cooking for people.
my mother lives with me.
i've a lizard named ragini.
dialogue
hi how are you doing this evening ?
great just got back from a run , which i love to do .
my mother who lives with me helped me cook a delicious meal tonight
cool . i love to spend time at home with my family
this morning i worked out in the garden planting some fall flowers
we are trying to get our kids to like vegetables , even though i do not .
i love vegetables . . . thankful i do
do you have a fav truck ? mine is a chevy drama .
i do like ford f150s . do you have any pets ?
5 dogs , 4 cats , fish and chickens , and you ?
wow ! i have a little lizard that i named ragini
i love to shop at american eagle fav store how about u ?
i've never shopped at american eagle
enjoyed the chat , take care .
persona
i like to take cold showers.
i sing in the shower.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i drive a moped.
persona II
i have been to every state except alaska.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to paddle board.
i like to visit places around the world.
dialogue
hi what are you doing
playing my all time favorite game , halo 3 ! what about you ?
planning my next lake trip
sweet . where will you be going ?
any where is possible , i've to get my paddle board repaired first
ah ok . yeah , i need to get my moped fixed . i drive it every day .
fun , what color is your moped ?
blue with music notes painted on it !
what type of music do you love ?
i love to sing my favorite nirvana songs while i take a cold shower !
i hate the cold , in fact the only state i never visited is alaska
wow ! i love taking really cold showers ! wakes me up !
i bet , i prefer being warm
you know what i hate the most about job interviews ?
persona
i was a wrestler in high school.
my favorite color is blue.
i m in the military.
i'm 25 years old.
persona II
i am married to my wonderful husband.
i'm a woman.
my favorite band is radiohead.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
dialogue
hello ! have you ever heard of radiohead ?
hoorah ! one of my favorite groups .
mine too ! my husband and i just got home from one of their concerts .
back when i was serving overseas they played a concert for the platoon
that's super cool . where were you serving ?
all over the me . all thanks to my high school wrestling coach who recruited me
well thank you for your service . what do you do now ?
still serving . back home for a bit . what do you do ?
i actually own a marketing consulting agency . nothing too crazy but i'm proud .
that's great to hear . do you have any family ?
yeah , i've two brothers and one sister . i am the oldest of the crew . you ?
i am an army brat so its just me and my sis . any kids , wife , husband ?
yeah , i have a wonderful husband and two lovely sons
aint that what lifes about . you have me feeling in rainbows after this conversation
persona
i am a savage.
i'm stuck in the past due to remotness.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i love the outdoors.
i've no technological skills.
persona II
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
my favorite color is green.
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
i enjoy running.
dialogue
hey there how are you ? my fav color is green yours ?
green is good . it reminds me of the forrest .
yes an the holidays , do you like to workout ?
workout ? i never need to because i spend so much time being adventurous
really ? well i run like forest .
forest ? i don't follow on that one . . .
lol ever seen forest gump ? i work in an office that's boring
i work for the discovery channel making adventure videos
that is really cool i bet it is always fun
i'd not say it is fun . . . nature can be a savage
it just depends where you are i love national parks
for me the more remote the location , the more i like it
gotcha but it is such a cool job , i just play games online .
it is a cool job , especially because i do not have to deal with technology
persona
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
persona II
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love mexican food.
i work at a animal clinic.
i love the summer.
dialogue
hello , do you have any kids ?
hi there . i do not have any kids . how about you ?
yes , i have a couple of them . i love sharing their pictures on facebook .
that is wonderful . i don't use social media .
that is interesting . what do you do for work ?
i work with computer programs , things similar to adobe . and you ?
i'm an animal doctor . i love my work . what kind of food do you like ?
my favorite thing to eat is shrimp and barbecue sauce . oh , and i love pumpkin everything .
i really enjoy mexican food . it is my favorite .
tacos are delicious . do you like using youtube ?
i honestly love any kind of social media , youtube included .
i like to watch animal videos . goats are my favorite .
i also like to watch animal videos . goats are so cute and funny !
i've a beagle , he is my best friend !
oh , i love that . do you like to walk him during the summer ?
i try to , but old droopy is a little lazy . do you have pets ?
persona
i work as a barista.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite color is orange.
persona II
i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
i ride a motorcycle , but it s not a harley.
i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.
my favorite singer is jess greenberg.
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
hello , i am great thank you , how are you ?
i am great , thanks ! excited to ride my motorcycle today ! what are you excited for ?
i am excited to go to work i love my job
cool ! i also like archery ! what kind of music do you like ?
i am into dave mathews how about you ?
i love jess greenberg ! what do you do for a living ?
i work in a coffee shop , hbu ?
i got a job cleaning gutters this week ! ! !
fun , do you like good food ?
heck yes ! my doctor said i should not eat carbs , but i do anyway .
vegan here , i eat nothing good
that is too bad ! ! you are missing out !
are you a fan of flowers
persona
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've a bicycle.
i have three dogs at home.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i am very good at the drums.
persona II
i live in nashville.
i am committed to the environment.
i work in academia at a local university.
i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.
i play music in my spare time.
dialogue
hi how are you today
doing good just got done working out i don't like to
where do you work at
retired nurse . i take care of my three dogs they keep me busy
is that very hard then
i need the exercise so i ride my bike and take them out for walks
yeah do you eat then
i've to watch my blood sugars so i watch the carbs
that makes sense then yeah
do you play any instruments ? i love playing the drums i am pretty good
i do not do you then
drums is the only thing i play
nice where do you live
i live in the midwest how about you ?
i am in nashville love country
oh great place to be for country music for sure
persona
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
i can speak four languages fluently.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i am an award winning 4h member.
persona II
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing well and you ? name is alex
i am good where do you live
i live near the woods , volunteer in my son boy scouts
did you know they just let girls join now ?
yes i did hear about that , it is great they are doing that !
i agree those boys were probably lost
i can speak four languages !
and which are those then
spanish , german , french , russian , and well english
wow i can do english alright
where are you from ? i am from new york
i live in ny too oh wow
wow that's freaky . i live in montana
i was born in syracuse , go orange
that great , i am more of a cowboys kinds of guy
persona
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
i'm a musician with a day job.
lately i have been learning how to garden.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
persona II
i train horses for a living.
i write in my spare time.
i never sleep in.
i wish i knew where i belonged.
dialogue
hey there i wish i knew how to sleep in , how are you ?
hi , i'm good . what do you do ?
i write an i train horses
i am a musician but i work too . do you have a pet horse ?
yes i do , i'm just trying to find my way
i've pet koi named spot i keep in my own pond . what hobby do you have ?
writing is what i like to do , whats in the pond ?
a pet koi . i do gardening as of late , or trying to learn anyway .
that is cool i just deal with the horses .
is horse training your day job ?
yes it actually is , whats yours ?
my day job is accounting .
oh okay that is cool i never rest .
do you like music ? i can play the electric violin .
persona
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'm almost 7 feet tall.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
i'd like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
i'm not a basketball player though.
persona II
i often play the clown to get attention.
i'll work hard for whatever i want.
i want people to notice me.
i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
i grew up as an orphan.
dialogue
whats up party monster ? how goes it with you ?
not too much . listening to some rolling stones . you ?
watching some stand up comedy on netflix .
what do you do for a living ?
i am an actor . i mostly do childrens plays for this local theater group . you ?
i have been working for ibm for a few years .
oh rad . are you doing any cool skynet stuff i should be worried about ?
not really . they are located in chicago .
chicago has a great improv scene ! ever take a class ?
i have never taken one in improv .
oh , do you do any performing ? i love getting out there and meeting people .
no . tell me something about yourself . i gave up smoking .
well , what do you want to know ? haha ?
what type of music do you listen to ?
i listen to a lot of comedy music stations on pandora . like bo burnham .
i'm over 6 foot tall , what about you ?
persona
i also own a cupcake business.
i work in a diner.
i sing in the shower.
i am always late.
persona II
i'm allergic to cats.
i am a member of the ymca.
i love scary movies.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i'm learning to play the piano.
dialogue
do you go to ymca ? how about scary movies ?
no i don't . i am too busy with work at the diner .
as a ymca member , i can get free tickets to scary movies .
that's cool . hat do you do for a living ?
what type of diner ? do you like music ? i love the piano .
i've my own cupcake business . i sing along to music in the shower
still learning to play the piano though . . .
i am never on time for anything
i am not working now , but would like to be a pianist
