my wife is a nurse.
i'm a doctor.
i've 2 kids.
my favorite place is the mountains.
dialogue
hi how arae you today
i'm great how about yourself tonight
i am good do you work
studying right now , about to get my masters
what is your matters in
well its social sciences but i minor in eating pizza any
yeah i've my phd in pepperoni
sick sick what about sushi is that your minor ?
yeah but not sushi pizza . that's a travesty
sick sick whats your favorite topping besides pepperoni
mushroom its so delicious yeah
overrated imo you gotta go bacon honestly
nah it soaks up the flavors
packly my point bro , we need to add some bacon or ham
but you just need a stronger cheese
like what kind of cheese exactly ?
persona
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i am a registered nurse.
i am a vegan.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
i love to gossip.
i've never kissed a woman.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am good , how are you ?
i believe that anything i want to achieve , i can . how about you ?
absolutely , i graduated and became a rn
oh and i am doing good , too . even though i have never been kissed by a woman .
really ? that is interesting , why not ?
cool , runs are important . maybe because gossiping is what i love to do .
maybe you can be like pretty woman and fall in love with a millionaire
they would have to watch the show jimmy fallon runs . do you watch it ?
no not much of a tv person , reading is my thing
awesome , i like to read as well . are you reading anything now ?
i am looking for a good horror book
so am i , maybe we should try and read the twilight series ?
that would be cool . vampires and werewolves
or you should try reading it by stephen king if you haven't already read it .
i've read it and seen the movie
persona
i'm thin.
i like to hunt.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i love the tigers baseball team.
persona II
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i play the trumpet.
i really enjoy making friends.
i am in my high school band.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
i am good . it is friday so that is exciting !
friday ! and i'm on the computer . any plans ?
yes ! i can not wait to go see the tigers play baseball . they're the best team !
yeah they're alright i guess . do you like music ?
i am picky about my music but i love the walking dead intro music
i'm a band geek sort of . i play trumpet . i'm an allstar
wow . trumpet . that seems like a hard instrument to master . does it leave much free time ?
yeah just enough time to watch movies . do you have a favorite ?
movies are too long . tv shows are much better . i love zombie shows
my band is doing a zombie theme this year . tis the season !
nice ! are you going to dress like zombies ?
i think we are going to have make up on . i saw a youtube make up tutorial
those tutorials always seem easy . . . until you do them yourself . i end up like a raccoon
this tutorial made it look like your lips were sewn together . gruesome
totally gruesome . but perfect for a walking dead costume
persona
my feet are size six women s.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
i have a french bulldog.
i play bass.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
persona II
i shop online a lot.
i think i m fabulous.
i care about the way i look when i m in public.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i always think people are looking at me.
dialogue
good evening , how are you doing ?
i'm ok . how are you ?
fabulous actually ! i found a coat on sale , do you shop ?
yes ! i love to shop for shoes . i wear a size 6 .
small feet , i shop a lot online i'll find you shoes . where do you work ?
i work in the appliance section of sears , but i want to be a journalist .
nice , you are welcome to take my picture for your story .
awesome ! maybe we could do a shoot with you and my french bulldog .
i love dogs , i will have to make sure i look good first for the photo
i can write a biography about you . what is your favorite band ?
guns and roses , i am pretty awesome , i will give you an interview for sure .
my favorite is the red hot chili peppers . i also play the bass .
good for you , we should listen to music together , i'd hate to have messy hair though .
sounds good . do you spend a lot of time on your hair ?
persona
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
i like long walks on the beach.
persona II
i like playing video games.
i'm a guitar player.
my parents do not know i'm gay.
i am primarily a meat eater.
dialogue
hi there , do you play video games ?
hello no i don't . i prefer to take a walk on the beach
i used to play my guitar at the beach .
that's nice . i really like pop music . do you play that ?
yes , as a gay man , i love it .
i see . i think everyone should love it . any other hobbies ?
i like to eat meat , is that a hobby ?
haha i'm not sure but you can cook some for me if you want
i have not told my parents i'm gay , any advise on that ?
bite the bullet and tell them .
thanks , that sounds like solid advice .
do you like to watch tv
always , do you watch tv ?
yes . i'm really into the game of thrones . you ?
persona
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i like to drink green tea.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
persona II
i'm short.
i have big face cheeks.
i'm also round.
i like reading.
dialogue
whew just got off the stairmaster and am pretty tired
that is good to be active . i love to go running
i hate working out but at 5 3 and 220 lbs the doctor says i should lose weight
really i have always liked working out . it just clears my head .
i'll curl up with a nice book instead to relax . even read on the stairmaster !
i could not imagine reading and climbing stairs . i'm accident prone lol
lol . need good balance . but i'm tired of using tons of makeup to try and appear thinner .
have you tried adjusting your diet ? drinking tons of green tea helps me
i'm trying . have not heard of green tea . do you like it ?
keep it up it is an up hill battle to lose weight . i love it !
thank you for being so supportive . are you a therapist ?
sure thing ! no i'm not i just have my bit of experience .
persona
i've a pomeranian.
my older sister plays clarinet.
i play the violin.
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
persona II
i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i help my neighbor.
i live in a city.
i am a grandmother.
i've a dog and we go for walks.
dialogue
hello , its my birth day today
that is great . what are you doing for it
i want to have enough rest and then have ice cream at night
that sounds fun . do you like music ?
yes i will go to a club and listen to some music then back home
do you like any classical
yes i can listen to it and more of jazz
do you play any instruments
i can play a piano but i want to relax on this day
i don't blame you . it is dreary .
and do you celebrate your birthdays alone like me ?
no . i like to be with family .
i don't have a family and i grew up in a home
what was that like ? i bet hard
persona
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
i enjoy hiking.
persona II
i like long walks on the beach.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite color is blue.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
dialogue
hello , how are you this fine day ?
i am wonderful ! and you ? i am jane by the way , and you are ?
i'm sasha and it is nice to meet you , jane !
i'm an accountant . got my 1st job 3 months ago . you ?
i'm an artist . my current favorite shade is the whole spectrum of blue !
i love blue . i notice the different shades in the sky when i go hiking .
i live near the ocean , so my hiking is long treks in the sand !
sounds divine . my mother is an artist . fashion . has her own brand .
cool ! my mother is a writer . she also cooks the best food at home !
love my moms work , but bob ross landscapes are my fav .
i tend to watch game of thrones instead of useful shows like bob ross .
i used to before i started accounting school . made me feel more stressed .
persona
my mom is a professional tennis player.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
my favorite band is one direction.
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
persona II
i like reading.
i m smart too.
i am short.
i'm also round.
dialogue
hi , good evening . do you read at all ? i am into the game of thrones series now .
hi how are you today
hi . do you read at all ? i am reading the got series now .
yeah i've read them all
cool . so you are aware that winter is coming .
yeah it will be a long and cold one
if the masters are right . fortunately i'm fat and short , well insulated .
do you play tennis then
i used to , when i was a kid . then i grew up . lol . . .
my mom was a pro tennis player that is rude
well , that's cool . i am so short , and fat , no good at those sports .
you could be a football player
no i am too smart for that . my iq is through the roof . don't want concussions .
how high is that iq of yours
persona
i have never traveled outside of the united states.
i am a dog walker.
i live in new york.
my best friend lives in japan.
i eat ice cream when i am sad.
persona II
i work at amazon.
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i love robotics.
i've two kids.
i live in a rural community.
dialogue
hi . how are you tonight ?
i am fine , i live in usa and never been outside not even canada
same here . i live out in the sticks with my two kids .
new york is my home town , make money walking dogs
wow , i love dogs . mine run around my year .
ha ha that is cute , i want to go to japan my best friend is there
japan would be nice . i work for amazon and several of my friends work in japan .
i miss my best friend feel sad , so i eat ice cream
i use to eat ice cream when i was sad . fifty pounds heavier because of it .
ha ha , you need to cut down on ice cream
i have . been busy learning robotics to take my mind off food .
what type of robotics ?
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i m in a rock band.
i have really long fingernails.
i hate wearing make up.
i own a hot pink moped.
persona II
i eat healthy.
i make straight as.
i'm very social.
i'm in the band.
dialogue
hi how are you today
good thanks and you today ?
not too bad fairly bored did you work today ?
i did where do you work
i am currently in college
nice what is your favorite color ?
i really like blue how about yours ?
orange is definitely mine . yeah it is
do you like going to the movies ?
i do what about you
i go with friends quite often
nice you should listen to my band
what type of music do you play ?
rock music it is fun
i like rock i am a music fan
very nice do you have a car ?
persona
superman s my favorite super hero.
i like pepsi.
i drive only toyota.
i talk a lot in irc.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
persona II
i play tabletop games with friends.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i love rpg computer games.
i have a crush on my co worker.
dialogue
oh my co worker is so cute i cant stop thinking about her .
hi how are you today
i am good . its official , i have a crush on her . how are you ?
why do you have a crush
she's just cute and sweet and perfect but i am such a nerd .
you should just man up then
i try to get up enough nerve but she don't like gamers and nerds
wow then believe in yourself
not just rpg games but other table top games too
yeah then role play as a character
with my luck i'd have to use my inhaler while trying to show out .
asthma is quite bad yeah
but she's too cute to let go . i think i'll talk to her more .
i am sorry to hear that
persona
i started at google on an internship.
i'm a software engineer.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
i work at google.
persona II
i hate running.
my favorite color is orange.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
hello i am fine and you
fine , just playing with my cats
do you work i starting at google as an internship
i make hot dogs for a living .
i'm a software engineer too
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
i'm working with google its awesome
do you have any pets ?
red like lobster i love seafood especially lobster
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
red i said that like lobster so yummy
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i'm watching sports its so boring though
baseball is my favorite thing to watch
totally lame if you ask me
persona
i am an insatiable reader.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i live with my parents.
i work as a waitress.
persona II
i love to skate and ski.
i love the smell of leather.
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i've 4 cats and 2 dogs.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
dialogue
hi i am an avid skier and skater who has 2 dogs and 4 cats .
hello i am jessica and i am 15
hi jessica do you like shoes ? i have 30 pairs i love the leather smell .
i work at a restaurant as a waitress
do you like your job ? are you saving for a car ?
i love disney movies all time favorite an insatiable reader
disney movies are fun . i like fast cars as fast as my motorcycles .
i've a car i am very independent for my age
yes , i see that . i bet you can wait to turn 16 then .
i will in dec 4 so its not far away
it will be here before you know it . then you will have more freedom .
i've a lot of freedom now my parents are cool
awesome , they must trust you a lot . try not to break that trust .
i get good grades and i work part time at the diner so yea
very good try to keep up the hard work . it will pay off .
its a good thing to keep a person trust
persona
my birthplace is spain.
i work as a veterinarian.
i am a vegetarian.
i'm married and have five children.
my favorite music is hip hop.
persona II
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i have three children.
i like to garden.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm doing well , thank you . how are you ?
i'm great ! where are you from ?
i'm originally from spain , but i moved to canada after i got married . you ?
i am from california but i live in the suburbs of san francisco .
do you have any kids ?
yes , i've three kids . do you have any kids ?
i do ! five children in fact .
oh i bet their a handful but also very enjoyable .
yes . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a english teacher . what about you ?
i'm a veterinarian , i love helping animals .
persona
i own my own music store.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i hope to retire to florida.
i am an animal rights activist.
persona II
i can t stand beets.
i can t cook.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i m an ovo vegetarian.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
dialogue
hi how are you today
pretty good how are you doing ?
i am good how is the weather
pretty night , what you do for living
i drive an hour to work
where do you work ?
i work out in the fields
interesting , what is that , i have a music store
it is okay but i hate beets
oh you grow and provide beets ?
yeah but they're so hard to harvest
oh sounds like hard work , i want to retire in fl
do you like the warmth then
oh yes and i love animals
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i m in the military.
i am 25 years old.
i was a wrestler in high school.
persona II
i love to travel.
i work as a freight truck driver.
my hair is short and pink.
i am a 43 year old woman.
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
dialogue
hey there ! how is it going ?
great . how are you today ?
pretty good . just taking a break from working . have you been outside ? it is awesome !
it is awesome . my 25th birthday was yesterday and i had an outside dinner .
i'd love to be 25 again . i spent that birthday at the tatoo parlor all day !
lol . i remember i was on the wrestling team in high school .
into sport , huh ? not me . i was always the creative type . love tattoos and fun hairstyles !
yes . cool . do you like the color blue ? that is my favorite color .
blue is ok . i like pink more . my hair is pink now !
wow . pink hair . that is very bold .
that's is just me ! i drive a truck for a living so i do what i want !
cool . i might try the pink hair too .
it is very freeing ! i travel a lot and people all over love it !
yes . i cannot wait to try it . i love a change .
persona
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i m not much of a fan of hot weather.
persona II
i am a professional horse racing handicapper.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
i'ven t been on a date since high school.
i am trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
dialogue
hi there how are ya
i'm doing ok . how about you ?
i'm a gambler doing well
oh great ! stay lucky . i hate this warm weather .
right i can not wait for winter
me too ! i get to hang out with my friends and family then .
do you like horses ? i di
i love to ride horses .
do you ride bare back ?
i love bare back . do you like music while you ride ?
i'd love do i don't date
why do you not date ?
women find me too ugly
that's sad ! i am sure it isn't true .
as ugly s they get it happens
oh well . you could learn to type more cleanly .
persona
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
i drive a honda that s seen better days.
i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
persona II
i like to cook.
i have two roomates.
i m scared of clowns.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
dialogue
i've a huge apartment with two other great guys here in new york .
nice i'm megan i like sitcoms and have an old honda
i like golden girls , especially betty white . do you ? no car yet .
i remember that show from childhood do you like books ? i read thrillers
i've been a big reader forever . yes , i like detective novels like chandler .
do you ever ride the subway there is some fascinating people to talk to
yes , i ride it a lot . some interesting one , some very dangerous .
yes very true do you have pets ? i've a dog
nice . no , i did have a cat for eighteen years , after that , too hard in city .
yea very true i live downtown its hard having a pet
i do love cats , though , and most dogs . never liked having to walk dogs , though .
don't blame you mine likes to ride in my honda
well , that sounds like fun . dogs are cute in cars , they love it .
yes they do . whats your favorite sitcom ? mine is the good place
i do not have a favourite current sitcom . tv is mainly pbs and charlie rose .
oh i typically just watch hulu i am a cord cutter
persona
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
i've a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
i never stop looking for love.
persona II
i was accepted to participate.
i'm a shy person but i love to sing.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.
my shyness made me panick and i didn't show up.
until recently i have never been able to sing in front of anyone.
dialogue
ayyyy ricky rossy in the dizzy
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm great just kind of shy how about you
i'm doing fine , just eating mcdonald . its my guilty pleasure .
i just had some ice cream rofl
i use to steal my brothers and sisters ice cream . there were 8 of us .
wow that is a lot of kids lol i am kind of shy but love to sing
i am also kind of shy but i am always looking to fall in love .
really ? like who is your perfect date
maybe another real estate agent like myself .
oh ya ? you sell real estate , twos that going ?
not bad . i also am a waiter on the weekends
persona
i am taking courses online.
i'm engaged.
i love rock music.
i like ice cream.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
persona II
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i'm a democrat.
i like to only eat fish.
i've amazing eye sight.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
dialogue
hi there ! are you a republican , or a democrat like me ?
democrat ! love being able to communicate with poeple that share the same interests !
that's so cool ! i learned from my parents who were incredible . and incredibly tall lol
ahahah ! just like my favor taste , ice cream !
haha , yeah , they were over 6ft ! and ice cream ? gross ! i only like fish .
fish ! that is healthy . i like it too ! .
probably why i've such great vision and swim so well ! ll
nice . where you from ? i'm taking sourses online right now .
arizona ! hence all the swimming . sometimes i jump straight up from the water into the ledge
wow takes guts ! maybe i should try that .
i recommend it , lol . what else do you like to do ?
photography is my passion ! would not change it for the world !
i love photos ! you take them in your hometown ?
depends i travel also . depends what my client wants done .
what kinds of places do you usually travel ?
chicago is my style for pictures . i love urban !
persona
i like to go to comic con.
i play the guitar.
i am a lesbian.
i write short films.
my father recently had a heart attack.
persona II
i love cats.
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i m a lesbian.
i play a lot of video games.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
not bad just finished playing my guitar how bout you ?
i'm doing good . i'm off from work today .
oh what do you do for work ? i write
i decorate cakes for different occasions .
cool have you ever been to comic con ? i go yearly
no , i never heard of it .
oh that is alright what do you do for fun
i love to play video games and take care of my cats .
i use to have a cat these days just a spoiled dog
i have two cats . what breed of dog ?
she's part husky not sure what she's mixed with
i have to go on a walk later .
oh is it nice out there ? i'm stuck inside reading up on strokes
my doctor says i'm overweight .
so was my dad he recently had a stroke that is why i'm looking at info today
persona
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i collect stamps.
i am a mortician.
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
persona II
i like sports.
my favorite band is rise against.
my favorite team is the raptors.
i usually go to bed late.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good . watching dirty harry , it is my favorite movie .
nice , i am watching the raptors game . what are your hobbies ?
i am a stamp collector and i love yellow and teal .
that sounds boring , i am mainly into watching and playing sports .
i am very boring , i work as a mortician . you ?
that is scary , do you ever notice weird things with the dead bodies ?
but i do want to learn how to fly a plane .
i want to learn to fly a plane too !
sometimes they open their eyes . . . lol
oh gosh , that would scare me so much !
it scares me every time .
what do you have to do to them when they open their eyes ?
i use gorilla glue on their eyelids .
why is that even allowed ? !
i am kidding . i am a teacher in real life .
what subject do you teach ?
i am a special ed inclusion teacher in us history
that is a noble profession , i don't think i would have the patience to teach .
my patience is tested daily .
teaching must be hard because of getting up early , i'm a night person .
i get off at 230 , i love having the afternoon free !
that would be nice , but sleeping in is better .
i get to do that all summer while still getting paid !
you get paid during the summer during vacation ?
yes , plus thanksgiving week , spring break . . . and
that sounds nice , payment for summer breaks .
and 2 weeks for christmas
it has been a pleasure chatting with you .
you too . but time to get back to work
persona
i have eight grandchildren.
i stay active.
i've good health.
i'm retired.
persona II
i recently moved to sweden.
marduk is my favorite band.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
dialogue
hi i moved to sweden like last month and enjoy it here and you ?
nice ! i've traveled there since i've retired .
oh great . love hiking glaciers . what do you do when you visit ?
sightseeing mostly . i let my eight grandchildren decide what we do .
my favorite food is lutefisk . its actually the best dish in the world from my rating
what does the dish consist of ?
its made with stockfish . love it so much and its healthy
i love healthy dishes . i try to eat healthy and keep active .
you are right . that will keep your mind together . seems i'm loosing mine
o my ! i have excellent health for my age .
good for you . i get my mind back watching marduk my favorite band
sounds like fun ! i like country music .
persona
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to take drives in the country.
persona II
i got hired last week at mcdonald.
i've four siblings.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i think i am failing my women studies class.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i am well just chatting with my friends trying to see where too this weekend .
oh nice . i am studying this weekend . i think i am failing a class , hard .
dang why ? i like to read just series tho
i've got a grip on the work , i am just not scoring well .
need some help ?
know anything about womens studies ? haha . i've got a study group later .
ll well i'm a woman lol hopefully the study group can help more lol .
i hope so . so what do you do ?
i drive in the country an just have fun , you ?
i work and study , lol . i just got hired at mcdonald recently .
cool , you young ?
persona
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
people don t like me too much but i like them anyways.
persona II
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i ran for political office in 2004.
i build my own computers.
dialogue
hello ! lets get to know each other !
ok . most people do not like me much . . . i like them anyways though
i tried to get elected to politics in 2004 , but i guess people didn't like me either
aww . i'm sure you would have done well !
aww you are too kind . do you have any hobbies ?
hmm . i work out at the gym , listen to music and volunteer at the local homeless shelter .
i did auto repair for 6 years , but now i focus on building computers
awesome . that seems like an interesting profession .
its not a profession , just a hobby . lol .
i see . still sounds interesting though . . . you definitely need smarts
i guess so . i considered the military when i was much younger , but it was not for me
my father was in the air force and then the coast guard afterward .
oh wow . it seems he was quite a strong man then
he did two tours in vietnam .
persona
i m dumpy.
i have long fingers.
i have long legs.
i can t eat shrimp.
persona II
i work for an architect firm.
i enjoy fishing.
i am looking for someone.
i love to cook.
i've three dogs.
dialogue
so how do we usually start ? hi , maybe ?
yes . that works . hello .
nice to meet you . . . so , uh , like dogs ?
i do like them . they love to lick my long fingers too .
that is a bit of an unusual thing to say lol
i know , i am odd . especially with my long fingers and legs . sorry .
no need to apologize , just saying the first thing that came to mind
thank you . we should have dinner sometime , no ?
possibly , tell me a little bit about yourself , other than your long fingers
i've an extreme shrimp allergy . i am also out of shape .
well , when i cook for you shrimp is off the menu
thanks ! i like to be alive . where are you living ?
montana at the moment , ever be anything other than alive ?
possibly , before i came into being . i would like to see that state someday .
it isn't all that great . . . my job brought me here
i like the outdoors . what work do you do ?
persona
i live in celebration , florida.
i am a lifestyle blogger.
i'm married and have 2 kids.
i enjoy shopping.
persona II
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i like to cook stews.
i love to eat cheese.
i'm a older lady.
dialogue
hello friend . what are you doing right now ?
i'm doing some online shopping . how about you ?
playing an old blue eyes album and waiting for the crock pot to finish !
are you married with children ?
i'm not married and my kids are grown . how about you ?
i guess we have an age difference . i'm and i've 2 children .
i'm 57 and my three children are in their thirties now .
i can not imagine 3 ! what do you do with your free time ?
i like crooner records and slow cooking thick soups . how about you ?
i write a blog and like to shop a lot for my family and myself .
how cool . buy me something too . lol
i might if you also live in florida ! laughing
i'm in tampa ! we should party ! i'll bring a cheese plate .
i'm in celebration . i'll head that way when i find a babysitter !
sounds like a plan . i made a delicious stew to enjoy with you .
yum ! i'll treat you to something the mall , anything you like .
persona
my wardrobe is all band tees.
my job involves building drones.
i go to multiple comic cons.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i'm an anime fan.
persona II
i live in a rural area.
my favorite food is pasta.
i love helping people.
i m a older woman.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
dialogue
hi how are you today
wonderful ! just got off work . how about yourself ?
where do you work at
underground pentagon , i build drones .
sounds kind of a paradox to have drones underground
perhaps , it may have been one of the only government buildings i could think of lol
i'm an old lady
oh , i'm quite young . did you ever listen to techno ?
sometime where do you live
pennsylvania , did you ever go to concerts ?
i live in a very rural place so it is hard
what did you do for work when you were younger .
i made italian food mostly
did you read comics back in the day ?
persona
i grew up as an orphan.
i often play the clown to get attention.
i want people to notice me.
i will work hard for whatever i want.
persona II
i m single.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i love watching superheroes shows.
dialogue
hi , i m bored . i was going to go out on a date tonight but she cancelled
that sucks . i would love to go on a date , i crave attention
just ask someone . i think i turned her off because i m such a iphone fanboy
i understand that . the iphone is great
way better than samsung . i guess i m too much into electronics
they can be pretty expensive but i believe in working hard to get what you want
work pays for it . i've 2 computers and 2 monitors at work .
what do you do for a living ?
animator for movies . but i sit around and read online books when work is slow
cool job . i work at a dentist office
dentists scare me . hate the drill sound . need a superhero to help me
i actually hate it too
can t you find another job if you hate it so much ?
it is what pays the bills . i was an orphan so i appreciate it
i use superhero s to inspire me to strive for greater heights
that seems like an interesting tactic
persona
and , my best friend is calden.
i am seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
persona II
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
dialogue
hi , my name is samantha . how are you ?
i am kind of sad cause i got rejected from the gifted program
do you like reading books ? i love novels written by female authors .
i'm only seven so i'm just learning to read .
that's great ! do you ever read the news ? i love reading about politics .
i read the comics from the sunday paper .
comics are fun . i read about the law now because i am a legal assistant .
do you like sports ? my favorite sport is soccer .
yes , i like soccer too . i also like volunteering to engage in political activism .
my best friend calden wants to be a lawyer someday .
my law firm handles real estate cases . what kind of law does calden like ?
he wants to fight companies that hurt nature .
persona
i work for the railroad.
my favorite band is vnv nation.
i am an omnivore.
i really like watching star trek.
i like eating pretzels.
persona II
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
my dreams are often bizarre.
i go surfing any chance i get.
my favorite band is the muggers.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
dialogue
i earn passive but its a secret
hey passive are you a vnv nation fan like me ?
no i'm not but my dreams are so bizarre every day
are they you should take a ride on my train , i work for the mta
nice work i go surf when i have a chance .
surf in water ? no i stay away from the stuff
have you tried listening to muggers they are really good
i do not know muggers , do you watch star trek ?
i do not watch it . i think i can not settle in a one wife ?
in your wifi , or wife ?
i am taking about my wife i think i do not love her
so get a new wife , life it too short to be unhappy
can i have you instead or you available ?
i am high maintenance low quality kind of chick
that is ok with me because i am rich and i can take care of you .
awesome , i come with a dog collar
persona
i like to garden.
i like photography.
i love traveling.
i'm a chef.
persona II
i just dyed my hair hot pink with purple highlights.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
not a day goes by that i don t drink four mountain dews.
sometimes , i've sword fights with strangers in the park.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm doing incredibly well
what do you do for fun
i travel around the world
what is your favorite place
i'd say the caribbean island
what is that like ? is it always warm ?
it is beautiful , the view from the beach is just amazing
do you ever have hurricanes
not when i was there , but i've heard there are many
i have seen so many lately
yeah , it is sad to see such a beautiful place torn apart
i feel the same way
when i went last time i took a lot of photos
persona
i've 3 roommates.
my favorite color is orange.
i love gummy bears.
i'm lactose intolerant.
i have a parakeet.
persona II
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
my favorite color is hunter green.
i love creating new recipes.
dialogue
hey my friend how are you today
hello my pal . i'm good .
slept like a baby oh my what sounds good to eat
gummy bears are the best .
oh my the green ones is the best
no the clear ones are the best .
we should open up a business one day like to cook
okay . can my parakeet come ?
well sure why not and you got dvd player ?
no . but one of my three roommates does .
wow a lot of people and i don't know how i would get sleep
they are quiet . they are cats . i've three cats .
cats is amazing what the names
the names are one , two , and three .
going to paint the wall green and that good names
my walls are orange because that's my favorite .
persona
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to cook.
i am a foodie.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i love kids and dogs.
persona II
my favorite band is the muggers.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
i go surfing any chance i get.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
dialogue
hi , what do you do for fun ?
i enjoy cooking and shopping , kids and dogs , my daughters . some would call me a foodie .
cool ! i surf , any chance i can !
i really like to hangout shopping with my daughters . never been surfing .
i like music also , the muggers are my favorite !
who are the muggers ? when i'm chatting with my friends they never come up .
an awesome band ! are you married ?
nope just living alone with my daughters nothing weird .
understand ! i could never be tied down to just one partner !
yeah each of my daughters is from a different woman .
wow ! what do you do for work ?
no working for me , i'm actually a very rich man . i invested in apple early on .
wonderful ! i get some good income , but no one knows what i do .
its ok if you wash cars . i do not mind , it is good work .
no car washes , we will just say it is passive income !
oh so you just wash cars for fun ?
persona
i am a mother of three.
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i am bipolar.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
persona II
i like swimming.
i love spicy food.
my mother is a housemaid.
i'm an only child.
dialogue
where do you like to travel and why ?
hi there , i usually travel to family friendly locations because i've three young children
i love to travel to greece because i grew up there .
i love greek food , i'm always snacking on hummus with pita .
greek food is the best . i love the gyro
do you have any hobbies ?
i love to sing and cook .
i love singing too ! i sing in the car on my way to work .
nice . that is the best . ha ! ha !
do you have any children ? we have three and are thinking of having a fourth .
i do not have any children but i will have in the future .
they are a lot of work , but so worth it !
i love kids . children are a bundle of joy .
they certainly are they're truly the light of my life .
persona
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i freeze up in social situations.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.
persona II
i'm a painter.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i live a lie.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
dialogue
hey how is your weekend going ?
my weekend is going just fine
that's good ! i might work on some artwork later
are you some kind of artist . how much are your paintings
yeah i paint but don't sell my paintings
i wish you did . i would happily buy them
that is sweet of you . i'm rich but i've not told anyone including my wife
i'd still buy to help you get richer , never too much money
that is true . i can thank the lotto for my wealth
i won 350 , 000 one time . i wish i could have used it wisely lol
it can go quickly
yes it can . it was gone in less than 6 months
oh wow ! did you get a new car or house with it
i had to pay off tickets and attorney fees so no
persona
i get good grades in school.
i like field hockey and soccer.
i love animals , especially dogs.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i'm a 15 year old girl.
persona II
i have six tattoos , all of cats.
i'm from baltimore md.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i have a pencil thin mustache.
dialogue
hi how arae you today ?
doing good . how old are you
i do not know really . you ?
just barely started high school , a freshmen .
what are your hobbies then ?
really like playing field hockey and soccer .
nice . my mom dances ballet .
are you actually in high school
i've six tattoos so no haha
oh wow , that's hardcore for sure
yeah . . . except they're all cats .
i love cats . i want to be a vet
persona
my favorite band is the story so far.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
i recently started to work online.
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i eat meat.
persona II
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i have a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
penn teller are my favorite magicians.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
dialogue
hello good morning , how are you doing ?
i'm good . just debating whats for breakfast . how are you ?
i'm doing good , watching my two dogs
dogs are awesome . i think a sausage and egg burrito sounds good today lol
i like burritos , and love to go to taco bell
taco bell is my fave . maybe i should have them make my breakfast !
yes , sounds like a good idea ,
and i have time for that now that i work from home .
i'm looking at youtube my favorite magicians
youtube is so much fun . i always lose hours when i start watching lol
penn teller right now doing a magic trick
those guys are hilarious ! i love penn teller
yeah that awsome magician , one of my favorites
i saw them live once . i was in vegas with my band . so long ago
persona
my father is a mechanic.
i work at walmart as a stocker.
my favorite band is muse.
i'm leaving for college in three months.
i'm vegan.
persona II
my mother is a professional make up artist.
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbor s arguments.
if i want it , i buy it.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hello , i'm okay . just got off work , how about you ?
i am watching youtube , i like to watch makeup tutorials .
i don't know anything about those , do you like muse ?
i don't have a job right now , i live with my mom .
that is too bad , walmart is always hiring , i work there .
she's a make up artist to celebrities so she makes good money
that is very cool , my dad is a mechanic .
she buys me what i want when i want . i do not want to work .
that's not a good attitude to have . you do not want your own money ?
i'm ease dropping on my neighbors they are fighting lol
ugh . that is always the worst . i never know if i should call the police or not .
not really i like being home doing nothing , it is awesome !
if you say so . i could not do that .
right , that is how i feel right now i just do not know .
do you go to school ?
persona
i love my work and just got promoted.
i work for a large law firm.
i listen to classical music.
i'm married with three kids.
i enjoy golfing.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i'm lactose intolerant.
i've 3 roommates.
i have a parakeet.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i am well . just listening to some classical music
that's good , sounds very relaxing .
it sure is , its good to come home and relax after working at a law firm
oh i bet . sounds like a challenging job .
just a little . do you work ?
i am a stay at home mom , i'd definitely consider it work lol .
being a mother is the hardest job in the world . i have 3 kids
www , how old are they ? i've 1 daughter , 2 cats and a parakeet
they're triplets and 5 years old . they're a handful !
oh wow , that's awesome !
yes hehe , what do you do for fun ?
i love anything outdoors . parks , bike rides , camping , hiking etc . . you ?
nice , i enjoying playing golf
persona
i want to visit rome , but i can t make myself go alone.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
persona II
i like to be alone.
i love to sew.
i've a cat.
my mother was a nurse.
i wait tables at a cafe.
dialogue
hello i like to design and sew ?
have you been to rome ?
no , but would love to go sometime if someone watch my cat
i want to go there but not by myself . can i bring your cat
my mother went on a trip with the an elderly people as their nurse .
i don't think the elderly people would like the way i dress
i am a waitress so i see all kinds of outfits
do you ever wear combat boots and babydoll dresses together
no the boots would hurt my feet
that is all i wore in middle school as a tribute to kurt cobain
i am usually alone with my cat
my dad doesn't talk to me
sometimes parents are hard to talk to when you are young
i think he got mad when i flirted with the man at the dmv
well i am sure your dad is just looking out for you
i really needed to pass the test
persona
i believe the rich should not be taxed as much.
i eat out more than three times a week.
i look down on people who didn't.
i work in finance.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
persona II
i live in canada , near ontario.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite sport is basketball.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
i'm an avid runner.
dialogue
i am sitting here watching a moose outside my window . i love canada .
hello , i am marti . whats your name ?
lizzy . what are you up to ?
a moose . org do you own a ranch in canada ? i live in beverly hills .
no . they just free roam near ontario where i live . i visit america often .
i've never dealt with canadian merchants . hows the taxation in canada ? i'm with merrill lynch
i am not sure . i am spend most of my time running in marathons and watching basketball .
i am in my office most days . i do not cook , love italian food . where did you graduate ?
in new jersey , which is the hometown of the vancouver grizzlies . my favorite ! ! ! !
a grizzly as in bear ? i graduated magna cum laude from dartmouth . you sound gross .
that's quite rude of you to say . have a nice day .
i'm rich , want to pay less taxes , you have a good day too .
persona
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
i m headed to university of michigan in the fall.
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
persona II
i like jogging in my spare time.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
it is a beautiful night , how are you
i'm good just going jogging
fun ! are you a student ? i just finished high school
no i work at a club in houston
oh . . . do you like tacos ?
i love them but i always have to donate blood
ouch . i am going to university of michigan next fall and they have a taco bar !
i'll have to stop in and see you
yes ! i just hope they don't serve spaghetti . i hate spaghetti !
i do not like it much either
cool ! what is your favorite season ? i love summer because the beach is my life .
i like summer so i might move to australia with my dude
wow ! australia is really hot ! it will be like summer 365 days a year !
persona
i'm an insatiable reader.
i love to play soccer.
i live with my parents.
i work as a waitress.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
persona II
i have won tap dance competitions.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i love to bake cakes.
i'm really short.
i've a twin brother.
dialogue
hey , whats happening ?
hey what do you do for a living
well , i'm a pastry chef . i'm really into baking cakes .
that sounds like a fun job , i'm a waitress at chili s
how is that going for you ? are you a career waitress ?
its okay i am just working there til i can move out of my parents place
yeah , my twin brother did something like that .
you have a twin that's cool . what do you like to do in your spare time
tap dancing . i've even won a few competitions .
you must be a great tap dancer . i play soccer and watch movies
i am too short for soccer . so is my twin brother .
do you play any sports ?
no , not really , unless dancing competitively counts as one .
do you like movies
persona
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
i only take the bus.
my favorite color is yellow.
i often don't have the money to pay my utility bills.
persona II
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
my lifes goal is to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
dialogue
evening , what is your name ?
my name is mary , how are you ?
good , thanks for asking . just got home from work . how are you ?
well being an elderly woman not great , have a hard time paying my utility bills .
there is a tie between those two things ? i'm assuming bad retirement ?
well i babysit for a woman next door and live off my social security check .
i see . i guess some people take getting older harder than others .
been broke most of my life , i even take the bus everywhere . you doing well ?
well enough . not wealthy by any means but doing something i love .
do you work still ? i wish i did .
two jobs . work at a gas station and as a traveling encyclopedia salesman .
you get to interact with the public . that could be interesting at times .
yeah , have you thought of volunteering ? could connect you to a job .
maybe i should . so tell me something about yourself your favorite color ?
i like natural colors . i'm a rock collector on the side .
i like the color yellow . my daughter used to collect rocks .
persona
i've a new job.
i like to make cakes.
i like the internet.
my favorite music is country.
i'm a vegetarian.
persona II
i am planning a trip to europe.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
i love to shop on weekends.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hi ! i'm great ! just finished making a huge birthday cake !
oh cool ! my birthday is soon . i want to go to europe .
that would be fun ! i just started a new career .
yes ! i would love to go on a cruise ship too . what is your career ?
i'm a baker . a cruise sounds like it would be fun !
i'm excited to go dancing this weekend with my boyfriend . do you dance ?
i do . i like to dance to country music ! you ?
yes ! i need to find new dancing shoes but i wear a size 12 !
oh no ! i use the internet a lot . you could look up shoes there .
good idea ! weekend are my shopping days but i will search the internet
weekends are good for shopping . i find the internet more convenient .
it is nice sometimes to avoid the crowds and i can shop in my pajamas lol .
yes ! i love that part ! and no make up !
yes that's the best . how is the weather where you live ?
it is warm . i cannot wait for winter !
persona
i'm unsure of who i'm attracted to.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i do not fully understand my own feelings.
persona II
i'm a woman.
i've five children.
i like crocheting.
i love cats.
dialogue
i am sitting with child on one side and a cat on the other .
that is sweet . i am afraid my parents would not like me if they really knew me .
i don't think so . i have 5 children and i love them all
i wonder what it would be like to be a boy .
being a woman , i'd not like to be a man .
and i don't know if i like boys or girls more .
what makes you say that ?
i just think i am attracted to both .
sorry i'm having trouble crocheting with all these cats and kids
are any of your kids as confused as i'm ?
yes they're confused but not about being a boy or girl
what are they confused about ?
they forget things , they don't do their homework , lose jackets , etc
what a simple life they must lead .
the simple life fits me well , 5 children , cats fill my home
it cant be that simple with that many
persona
i like to listen to rap music.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my car is black.
persona II
my name is william , but people call me bill.
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i live with my wife and kids.
i have three beautiful dogs and one cat.
dialogue
hi , whats your name ?
hi ! i am josh , from the west coast . california baby !
cool , i'm from the other side of the us , michigan to be exact
whats your favorite music ? i'm a 2pac fan .
i'm more of a country fan myself since i live on a farm .
i listen to california love while driving my fast car .
do you have any family ?
i've my parents , but no kids . single life !
i love my wife and kids but i miss the single life
i got a fast black car to help me find a lady .
good for you , i have already settled down
i hope to settle one day ! family is everything .
persona
i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i love to eat shrimp and lobster.
i've a black belt in karate.
i vacation along lake michigan every summer.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
persona II
i am one of four siblings.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to draw.
i live in an apartment.
my mother is a teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i feel great ! lots of coffee . how about yourself ?
i'm good , so tell me about yourself ?
well , my name is jim . i started the band , the saxophones . you probably heard of us .
yes i'm familiar . well i have 4 siblings , draw , like blue and in an apartment . .
very succinct . i like it . i'm a homeowner , but we are both artists . any good ?
any good ? what do you mean by that ?
i'm pretty darn good at the sax , are you any good at drawing ? no offense .
i am really offended . i am going to go cry now .
please , no ! i meant nothing by it . just trying to bond one artist to another .
well ok . well i think the sax is classy instrument . is that why you chose it ?
of course ! same reason i bought this top hat . favorite food on three . . . .
i see i see , do you live in a house ?
1 . . . 2 . . . 3 . . . . . lobster . oh . yes . though , i miss the apartment days . like it ?
persona
i like to play soccer.
i'm seven years old.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
and , my best friend is cayden.
persona II
i like to garden.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i am a teacher.
i've three children.
dialogue
just picked up all three kids from school . how are you ?
awesome can i play with them i am 7
how precious ! do you have permission to chat ? i can go garden instead .
yes , we can play outside i love soccer
i like soccer too ! i am a school teacher !
can my best friend come too his name is cayden
i'm not very comfortable talking to a 7 year old .
i'm so sad the gifted program sent me a rejection letter
i went to college to teach high school english . like language arts for your age .
awesome i like ice cream
just because you aren't gifted does not mean you aren't smart . is your mother around ?
mom is cooking dinner meatloaf my favorite
that sounds yummy . i might make quesadillas .
i do not think i know what that is
you must not be from the south .
i stay in tennessee with my mom and sister
persona
i am a psychology major.
i am a steelers fan.
i enjoy broadway shows.
my favorite band is the avert brother.
i love to travel.
persona II
i'm fifteen years old.
i have braces.
i live in america in the state of florida.
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
dialogue
hey , whats up , from florida !
hi ! from pittsburg ! the steelers are best ! ! !
i do not care about sports much . do you like dogs ?
no . you ? i'm into broadway shows . do you have a fav band ?
i don't really . i'm kind of a science nerd in high school .
avert brother is my fav band . do you like to travel ?
yeah , but my braces cost a lot , so we couldn't afford to this year .
are you in school ? i'm studying psychology in college now that's my major .
i just started tenth grade . psychology is cool . digging in peoples brains !
yes , fascinating ! so do you have a dog ?
we have 3 dogs , but my favorite is maddie . she's a german shepherd .
sounds like a nice dog ! what do you want to study ?
i am into science . i will probably study the physical brains !
i hope you do , future neuro surgeon !
and i hope you do great with your psychology degree ! d
thank you ! nice chatting with you !
persona
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i love to fish.
i cut down trees very fast , because i've a large ax.
i am a lumberjack.
i love to cut down trees.
persona II
i went to college.
i like to go shopping.
i live in a small town.
i wanted to be a nurse.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
dialogue
during every time i drive around the countryside
i love pancakes , waffles too with syrup
oh i love those too especially when i go shopping i look for those
my occupation is lumberjack , and cut down trees is my hobby .
so cool i go to college so one day i become a nurse
you like ihop ? i like to fish in my spare time
no i don t really go there and i just live in a very small town
do you have an ax , i have a huge one
what do you do with those
i go where there's trees , i'm fast at cutting them down
wow that s that my ust be a sku
i make sure no house is around when in lands .
how long have you been doing this
with small axe , i chop heads off fish too .
so do you like fish do you eat those
ever since i was a kid , my dad gave me an axe
persona
i am twenty five years old.
i have a doberman.
i work on trucks.
i'm a man.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
winter is my favorite season.
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
my parents are lawyers.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good i'm 25 years old
nice do you work then
yes i do i work on vehicles ? you ?
i am lawyer like my parents
that's cool i have always been interested in the subject
yeah it is very hard
sounds like it . i have a dog .
what is their name then
sunny . he's a doberman .
wow that is very cute
thank you do you have animals ?
i do not have do you have kids
no i do not have kids
oh what season is the best
i like spring the best
persona
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
persona II
the only autographs i've ever wanted are from authors.
i used to wear glasses as a child.
my favorite color is green.
i am applying for publishing jobs.
my mother is a librarian.
dialogue
hello , i've a question . are your friends better than your brothers and sisters ?
my sister died and i'm not really sure what you are getting at .
sorry but at times i find my self when i've to choose between the two .
you are a rather interesting bloke . i recognize your words but do not understand them .
can you out with a friend and miss out your brothers birthday party ?
no . i'm going out for a jog and then going into work at the club .
i cannot do physical exercises and then go for work .
you have to build up to it . why cannot you ?
after exercises i just want to take a shower and relax not getting busy again .
i find that when i do not exercise i get tired more easily later in the day .
may be you are just used to it any way natures difference .
the only time i feel like i cannot work is after i donate blood .
you are right the body needs rest to make up the lost blood .
say , where are you from ?
persona
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
i live in a house.
i have a lot of friends.
i love dogs and cats.
persona II
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my house is paid for.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
my favorite color is blue.
i wear a uniform to work.
dialogue
hi how are you today
doing good . what are you up to ?
i'm getting ready to take my four wheel drive truck out for a few
out in the hills , something like that ?
yeah i love driving her its fun especially to go mudding .
i do not have time to do that , too many dogs and cats at my place .
i like dogs what kind of dogs are they
two labs and a poodle .
those are cute and friendly dogs . what do you do for a living
i'm actually still going to school .
do you like it ? i work as in a restaurant and hate my uniform
i do not mind it . i want to be a teacher like my mom .
persona
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
since my dog died i m incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
persona II
i have a pet skunk.
my nails are painted green.
my master s degree is in italian literature.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
dialogue
how are you doing today
not to bad just getting off work and yourself ?
i was painting my nails
ok how was your day ?
it was quiet and rainy
what part of the world are you from .
i wish i was from italy
are you from the united states
yes . oregon is my homeland .
ok am from central california
is it really warm there
yeah it gets to 105 in the summer
that is really really hot
yeah you find a way get use to it
persona
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i like to play basketball.
i have a cat named mater.
i like lightning mcqueen.
persona II
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i m a breath of fresh air.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
dialogue
hi there ! what is up ?
am good . how are you doing
well , thanks ! any exciting plans for the weekend ?
yea . grandpa takes me out to get ice cream
cool , you live at home ?
yes . what are your hobbies
sometimes i drive around in the rain . i have a yellow convertible , i love it 3
mmm sounds good . i also have a cat named mater she's very naughty
hehe , awesome ! i love cats ! hey , do you ever sing in the shower ? 3
yes sometimes and do you like lightning mcqueen
i've never heard of them . i like katy perry , personally 3
i also like katy perry . basket ball has always been fun to me i love playing it
hehe , awesome ! i was a cheerleader in college , but now i work as a lifeguard , lol
i also like katy perry . basket ball has always been fun to me i love playing it
persona
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i've borderline personality disorder.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
persona II
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that its italian.
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
i don't know if i enjoy programming , or if its my only choice.
dialogue
hello , my name is louis and i have a step dad that ignores me .
hey there , that totally sucks but life is hard .
yes . i've my real dads brain but i do not enjoy programming as much as he does .
are you a robot ? i do not do anything i do not want to .
no . i am not even happy i have his brain , i never met him .
when i am unhappy i just go party .
that's you choice and programming maybe my only choice .
yeah , i hate when i have to get up early for work after partying .
i can imagine . how about a spanish last name that you say is italian ?
is that what you do with your last name ?
yes , all the time . no one knows the difference , they believe me .
i give fake names all the time at the club .
you like playing games , lol .
i like to do what i want , its my world .
persona
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
i am allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
persona II
i work at a hotel overnight.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i write in my spare time.
kpop is my favorite music.
i enjoy video games.
dialogue
hi ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how is it going ?
hello . i am having some hot chocolate . do you like it ?
i cannot taste it through the computer but i am sure it is tasty
it reminds me of being a kid and having mom read to me .
i wish my mom could read . . .
do you like tartar sauce ?
i ate a peanut once . yes .
i love thai peanut sauce . have you ever eaten it ?
the clown ? he doesn't seem very tasty
which clown are you referring to ?
kpop is good stuff do not you think ?
kpop are amazing artists . . . deserving of more credit . do you watch korean eating shows ?
people eat koreans ! ? and they watch it for entertainment ! ? ! ! that is sick .
i knew you'd come up with a response like that . . .
you tossed it right over the plate . what can i say
walked right into that one , right ?
persona
i live in colorado.
my car is blue.
i've an mba degree.
i own my home.
i'm married.
persona II
my parents are divorced.
i couldn't live without my dog , bart.
i am an excellent student.
i'm very popular and have a lot of friends.
dialogue
hello ! tell me something about yourself .
hi ! i am from colorado . how about you ?
i am going to school in the midwest right now . i am a really good student .
oh that is great . i just got my mba .
congratulations ! that is quite an accomplishment . do you have any pets ?
no , yet . waiting until i finish remodeling my home . you ?
i've a dog named bart , and i love him to death . what about family ?
my wife and i've large families . you ?
i am the only child of divorced parents , which is hard . having lots of friends helps .
and having bart helps too , right ? whats your favorite color ?
yes , bart definitely helps . i could not live without him . and blue . you ?
oh wow , i love blue ! that's the color i chose for my car .
persona
i teach kindergarten.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i graduated college in 2016.
my class has 26 kids.
i teach at a large school.
persona II
i love cold weather.
i love dark clothes.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am good . i am doing the lesson plans for the class i teach .
what class is that ? i work as a cashier at two places
a kindergarten class of 26 .
do you like music , i love red hod chili peppers
i like lots of kinds of music .
cool , do you like your job ?
i do . i love kids . i always have .
i do too , they are the best humans
i agree . that is why i chose to teach .
its starting to get cold and i love this weather
i like it when it is crisp but not actual winter .
yes , and the changing trees are beautiful
i definitely love the colors , yes .
persona
in allergic to peanuts.
i like eating vegetables.
i love the beatles.
i'm usually very shy.
i have trouble getting along with family.
persona II
i only eat at restaurants.
i'm allergic to shellfish and cats.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
dialogue
i never eat at home , how about you ?
i like to eat at the house . its cheaper
i'm allergic to cats , do you have any allergies ?
i've a allergy to peanuts . its lovely .
my mom has over 499 shoes , i only have one
yeah , i need a car
i have allergy to peanuts and shellfish also
so , what kind of music do you listen to ?
i love country , how about you ?
i defiantly love the beatles !
i'm a jason aldean fan ! ! ! and tim mcgraw
i'm too shy to sing the songs though .
oh not me , but when i do i hope no one hears me
funny ! only in the shower huh ?
all around the house when i am alone ll
like tom cruise on risky business .
yes exactly , that was a great movie
i know i love that movie .
i love almost all types of movies
what genre is your favorite ?
probably i'd have to say horror
oh , okay . been a little while since i seen a horror movie .
what do you do for a living
i work for a non profit group to promote peanut allergies .
awesome , i am self employed at the moment
that would be a great job !
i'm looking for a job , hope to find one soon , need insurance
set your own hours . tell yourself what to do .
yes that's great and its a good income , i just want more
you said you like country music ?
yes , jason aldean is my favorite
do you like to travel ?
i used to but no so much anymore
i love to travel , just not able to as much as i want !
i have been so many places that i really just like being a home body
right now i'm making 20 cents a hour .
that is not very good at all
risky business all the time !
i can agree with that for sure , hows the weather
sunny and calm enough to smell the flowers when your just walking outside .
it is cool , cloudy , windy here
sounds like the east coast .
persona
i don t consume caffeine.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
mo mother worked as a nurse.
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
i like to play guitar.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
i live in a condo.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i've never been to canada.
i only listen to opera.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am great . . . . how are you ?
i'm good do you work
yes i'm a nurse i followed in my moms footsteps . . . you ?
do you enjoy the work ?
yes i have been doing it for the last 8 years it is great
wow what was the worst patient ?
it is hard for
yeah i bet that sounds true
what do you do for work ?
i don't work but i get up early
well that is good . . . . do you drink coffee ?
i don't do you
no i try not to drink any caffeine
persona
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i wish i could live in iceland.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
persona II
i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
i love comics.
and also love drawing.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
whats the definition of well ?
meaning i am content in my current state .
so anyone can say , well when asked ?
i suppose so . how do you answer how you are doing . . ?
i just say , good and continue on with the conversation .
but answering that you are good is technically not grammatically correct
what is it not grammatically correct
never mind , i've always just learned that you state you are well , not good
i like to draw . what do you like to do ?
i enjoy listening to music
do you have any good recommendations ?
depends on what you are into , i like less popular music
you mean mainstream music ? i'm confused .
no , i don't listen to mainstream music . i prefer more underground
persona
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
i'm a night owl.
i am 29 years old.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
i live in a suburb of boston.
persona II
i can t stand beets.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i m an ovo vegetarian.
dialogue
hello . the traffic today was awful
oh trust me i hate traffic i live outside boston
yikes . i bet you have a long commute like i do . over an hour
i do been here all my life and someday i'll move i live for night life
not me . i love to sleep in on the weekends
to each there own my best concert was pearl jam it did not start til 10pm
we ovo vegetarians are very health conscious and don t stay up late
well i hike trails or bike trails every weekend so i am active
i do love fall colors outside . best time of the year for root veggies but not beets
i love fall winery tours , even if you do not drink the scenery is divine
oh i do love me some wine . napa is wonderful
never been but i'm only 29 so i've plenty of chances ahead of me
absolutely . luckily there are many vineyards in many states
we have maybe 2 winery nearby but boston is mainly beer friendly
persona
my favorite activity is fishing.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
persona II
i'm very athletic.
i hate carrots.
i wear contacts.
i have brown hair.
i love bicycling.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i just came back from biking .
i once ran 1 mile in under 4 minutes !
awesome ! are you an olympian ?
my pops got killed , that line of duty is tough
i am sorry to hear that . i am an officer myself .
i just float in the river an think of old times . please be safe
thank you , i always am . i did a marathon yesterday .
cool , like to fish ? i do
absolutely ! fishing is something i've passed on to my kids .
how was the marathon ? 2k 3k or a 5k ? !
full , lol . it was hot and exhausting , i lost one of my contacts on mile 8
awesome , i am gonna teach mine soon
persona
i like to read.
i am a diabetic.
i listen to podcasts.
i have a long drive to work.
persona II
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
running is a hobby.
i work as a grill cook.
i am looking for a second job.
dialogue
heya , you like tv or movies more ?
i think i like tv more
whats your favorite show ? it could be on now or from the past
i say , , , game of thrones
you caught up ? i am a grill cook
yes i watched everything already
how about the ice dragon ? that is a messed up cliff hanger
i know right , gotta wait
like 2 years , outrageous haha . favorite character ? sometimes i run
i would have to say tyrion . . . u ?
he's a boss . i like argia , but sansa might be my favorite to look at
ll i'm assuming youre a guy
that's a big assumption . its 2017 man lady
lol so youre a girl then ?
persona
i am a older lady.
i like to cook stews.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
persona II
i am a member of the ymca.
i'm allergic to cats.
i love scary movies.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i am learning to play the piano.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
hello , what is your name ?
my name is ryan i'm at the ymca
hello ryan . i'm martha and i'm a widow . do you live at the y ?
i like horror movies and live on the street
i like frank sinatra music and watching spongebob .
that is an interesting combo do you play piano i do
no , i do not play , but i love to listen if you play oldies .
i do play oldies and anything else i can
can you play the spongebob theme ?
i could do that for you for sure
i would like that , and i could eat cheese while listening !
that would be fun lets do it
okay where do you live ?
persona
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i love my grandchildren.
i am a wife.
i am a mother.
persona II
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i ve broken my arm twice.
my parents were divorced.
i am a widow.
i am a very social person.
dialogue
hi there , my husband died and i really need to socialize
oh my , i'm so sorry to hear that dear
to top it off my 6 brothers and sisters never bothered coming to the funeral
goodness gracious , that's awful to hear
i even broke my arm two times the past three months .
oh dear , seems like a dark cloud has become over you
it sure has now that my 70 year old parents just got divorced
oh now that hits too close to home . now i really feel for your pain
guess its about the right time to adopt a cat and become the cat lady .
that's what my husband said his last wife became
no thank you . i can smell the litter box now and i'm sick . yuck .
well , a hamster is an option . that is what my grand kids own
they are so bad about eating their own though . its so disturbing .
i agree , when they aren't properly fed . i've not had that problem yet
that's so horrible ! i think they eat their babies even when properly fed though , sometimes .
oh ? ! i'll have to ask my son if that has happened yet
persona
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i'm 25 years old.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
persona II
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like to watch anime.
i like cats.
i like being weird.
dialogue
hey whats poppin ? p can i draw you ?
sure you don't mind an almost 26 year old !
i like drawing . and drawing my friends as map ponies .
cool ! my apartment is full of ponies .
really ? ? ? what about cats ? ? i love them
no cats but my daughter is almost 8 and loves my little pony !
do you like watching tv ? like anime ?
my boyfriend doesn't work so he watches tv alot .
hmmmm . what does he like to watch ? why is he a bum ?
he got laid off . he watches anime also .
that sucks . we could be bffs . ; p
that would be great ! i do not have many friends here .
how old are you ? i am pretty old
i am 25 , half way to the 50 mark .
persona
i live at home with my dad and brother.
i've depression and anxiety so i don t really go out a lot.
i hope to move out soon.
i work at home , editing.
i have a cat.
persona II
i don t like pickles.
i'm writing a novel.
i own an iphone.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
my favorite color is black.
dialogue
want to talk ? i am very interesting
sure . i am avoiding my dad and brother because they are mad .
why are they mad ? i own an iphone so nothing is ever bad here
they are mad because soon i will move out i hope .
a young lass moving out is what the novel i am writing is about
do you work in writing ? i do editing from home so maybe i could help .
yeah , since always . we can work if you do not mind me not liking pickles
lol . i can handle that . are you allergic to cats ?
no , but since black is my favorite color i try to avoid them
i deal with anxiety and depression and my cat helps that .
watch rick and morty , it is my favorite show and would help
maybe so . i stay in mostly so i'd have time to .
same , do you also own an iphone ?
no , i've a samsung galaxy s7 active
no wonder you have depression .
that's a little discriminatory .
sorry , it is just that black is the best color and i hate pickles
that does not justify saying that it is no wonder i've depression over a phone .
i want you to be happy , and that's only possible through apple
i'm done with this chat . i hope they see that was offensive and a little discriminatory .
persona
i never eat veggies.
i love to run fast.
i'm tall.
i am strong.
i'm young.
persona II
i m bisexual.
i get sad a lot.
i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.
i think i might need help.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am excellent , thanks ! how are you ?
doing ok but i've a problem being sad a lot
i'm sorry to hear that .
sad because i am trying to get a new job since losing mine
i can relate , looking for work these days is difficult . what is your profession ?
i worked at a grocery store .
did you enjoy it ? what would you like to do for a living ?
it was ok . i would like to work with computers
nice ! computers and technology fascinate me . what would you like to do with them ?
maybe repair them not sure
that would be cool . what else do you like to do ? are you into any sports ?
no not really how about you ?
not really sports , but i do enjoy running .
persona
i love collecting teapots.
i work at the local bank.
i m a cat person.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i ve been divorced for 2 years.
persona II
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i enjoy cooking.
my mother was a teacher.
i own a cleaning company.
dialogue
how are you doing today
so far so good . how are you ?
good . just cooking some pasta
great . i think i'm going to make some too .
what is your favorite dish
eggplant parmesan . i always have tea with my meal
do you fry it or bake it
i bake . i have got my grandmother in my guesthouse and i try to avoid frying .
is it bad for her diet
yes the doctor said no frying . too much cholesterol .
i did not think of that .
you must be happy and free to be able to eat anything you like .
i like to cook healthy though
that's nice . i am careful about eating . you seem to enjoy cooking .
i love it . i get it from my mom
lucky you ! we can exchange recipes .
persona
i wish i had money to travel.
my parents died in a plane crash.
i live alone with my dog.
i have an iq of 250.
persona II
i am incredibly smart.
i have no parents or siblings.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
my favorite meal is steak.
i always travel alone.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? my iq is 125 . whats yours ?
hey there , i am good . my iq is 250 , not too shabby !
wow , considering 130 is the max . do you have any siblings ?
negative , no siblings . ma and pa died in a plane crash long ago . you ?
wow , sorry ! me too no siblings and no parents .
have any pets ? dogs , cats , fish ?
no pets . it will be hard to travel , if i have them . i always do that alone , btw
oh nice , i have a boxer pup . always wanted to do more travel though .
what food do you like ?
generally anything . not a fan of lima beans . . how about yourself ?
steak ! its my favorite ! what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to listen to opera . i find it really centers me .
maybe that could hlp me sleep . generally , i sleep hours night .
dargo , what do you do while you are awake ? learn stuff ?
persona
i'm a high school teacher.
i am married with 2 kids.
i live in chicago.
i do yoga three times a week.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
persona II
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i've three dogs at home.
i'm very good at the drums.
i've a bicycle.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
dialogue
well omg good morning , i need to workout but i don't want to
it is good for you . i do yoga a few times per week .
oh okay , i ride my bike tho but i take pills for my sugar daily
i see . it is important for you that you stay active . do you work ?
no i just walk my dogs a lot
that's enjoyable . i'm a red cross volunteer when i've time on the weekend .
that is nice , i do like the drums also
i love the drums , but i do not play . i do not have time .
i understand me either i'm good at it too
i'm a mom or two and a teacher so i'm always on the run .
i've 3 so i really get it
i love them though . they keep me young .
you are telling the truth lol
i'm from chicago . where are you from ?
i'm from ohio so lame lol
very quiet in ohio . i like the quiet once in awhile though .
persona
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i've a cat named kj.
i have lived in several different states.
persona II
i'm a cat owner.
my mom is an osteopath.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
i speak fluent italian.
dialogue
hello . care to chat with a cat owner ?
yes , i'd love to . my cats name is kj . yours ?
toby . he's kind of cranky . so you got any special characteristics ?
do you work ? i was a nurse and my husband a salesman . retired now .
yes . i teach italian since i'm very fluent .
great i've lived in a lot of dif states , prefer the south . you ?
i prefer anywhere near an ocean . do you leave near your parents ?
my parents are both deceased now . and yours ?
mom still alive , continues to be an osteopath . any children ?
yes , i have 8 children and 16 grandchildren .
oh wow . must have your hands full .
well , all the children are grown except 1  yr old still at home .
persona
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
my mother was a nurse.
i am a violinist.
persona II
i am married to my wonderful husband.
my favorite band is radiohead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
i am a woman.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
dialogue
hello stranger , i'm looking forward to getting to know you !
great , i love playing the violin . what do you do ?
i own a small marketing company . do you play professionally ?
yes i have been playing since 4 , i play in an orchestra
that is great . i usually listen to bands like radiohead , but i like violin music !
cool i love all music
i also enjoy taking care of my two little dogs , husband . what are your other interests ?
i love trying different indian food and i will be adopting my first dog
that's great , both of our dogs are rescues !
awesome ! ! i hope my puppy likes my violin playing lol
maybe you can train him to get the cat guts they use for strings ! ; p
lol . . . do you have any kids ?
no , but our dogs feel like my kids !
that is true . i want two kids
persona
i like alternative rock.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i work in a craft store.
i own a hearse.
persona II
i work some very odd jobs.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i was born under a blood moon.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i'm one of four children.
dialogue
i need a vacation . up i never traveled outside this country
if i had the money i'd want a vacation , what do you plan to do ?
i been take very odd jobs saving up
what country do you have in mind ?
europe . mediterranean . croatia . just everywhere lol
mediterranean would be nice ! i've a lot of craft supplies from there .
well i was told its beautiful . i world love to go hikes over there
ll i would love to eat the food there , i just bought a hearse is that weird ?
nah . i was brought into the world under the blood moon . used to weird
haha wicked ! i love halloween that's why i bought it
me too . my favorite holiday . i am the 4th child and weird
haha that is cool you the youngest ?
persona
until then i will make 215 an hour.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
persona II
i have an internship at a computer company.
i've 5 children.
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
i am a student.
dialogue
hi just waking up my 5 kids gave me a hard time last night
wow , same here ! i work full time , go to school , and have kids !
i am currently on internship at a computer company but thank god no work today
i want to be a doctor one day . how do you balance everything ?
i cope with my moms help . she's a lawyer and work for herself
i cannot wait to start my new life . right now i have a little help .
i see . what do you do at your spare time ?
what spare time ! ? mostly i study for school and play with my kids . you ?
i see . for me i love going to fish . you can try it its fun
that sounds fun ! i also try to pick up shifts at work to pay bills .
i see you are trying to cope with your bills . its not been easy right ?
i know one day it will be worth it , but yeah , its really hard .
persona
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i live a lie.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i'm a painter.
persona II
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i am training to be a welder.
i love riding roller coasters.
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
hey , living the dream ! how are you ?
good ! just looking up movie times . i want to see an action adventure movie .
action isn't my thing . i much prefer movie with pretty scenery . it inspires me
action adventure is my favorite and i love eating the popcorn !
i prefer to be out in nature with my paintbrushes . trees are beautiful .
i really enjoy riding roller coasters outdoors ! it is one of my favorite things to do .
i always said i'd travel to amusement parks if i won the lottery . . .
i love riding coasters ! but i've not had much time lately .
i never went there , and i would be lying if i said i did not win
i'm so busy studying to be a welder . trying to make my mom proud . you won ?
it is how i can be a painter and live freely .
amazing ! i wish ! we have always struggled . my father left my mom when i was five .
i never told anyone . its been 6 years . life is a lie sometimes .
it might be better off that way for you . you won't have to share .
i share anonymously so i can remain who i was and not who i am
persona
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i love computers.
i am considered a nerd by many.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i am very good at math and science.
persona II
i've 2 cats.
i like to go on walks.
i'm from mexico.
i like to bake.
dialogue
how are you doing today
great ! i'm glad to be here . i really like computers
i really love animals and i love to bake
oh nice . i am a nerd
i like to draw and paint
nice . i work for google !
that is cool do you take naps
yes ! we are required to . it is great ! i'm great at math too . you ?
i like apples cafeteria it is not bad
nice . i like logical thinking .
are you male ? sounds like it . i think nerds are hot .
yes . i'm hot . i think so atleast .
sounds like my dream guy
i work on self driving cars also . how do you have fun ?
we can stay at home and you can teach me stuff all day
oh that sounds great . i am also great at science .
persona
i've a job as an it agent.
i am a meataholic.
my dad works for stifel.
i like smoking weed.
persona II
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
i'm a zookeeper.
i love to read crime novels.
dialogue
hi . my name is paulie . i'm a little nervous to meet people .
it is ok , eventually you'll get use to it .
i work with animals . i prefer them . people are okay . do you have any pets ?
animals are cool . i am not a big people person either . people are really mean .
right ? ! i like you . do you read ? i read a lot of crime novels . very mysterious .
not really a ready , i prefer smoking weed and working as a it agent .
it shows . sorry . i'm still bummed out . an alligator bit off two of my toes .
what a bummer . should of wore steal toe boots .
it was a steal toe alligator . you eat breakfast ? i eat eggs for breakfast . lots of eggs .
oh , and yeah i do . more like pancakes and protein shakes .
pancakes are people food . i eat animal food . like an animal . i like animals a lot .
i am sure you do , you keep talking bout them
i don't get out much . you can tell . i know . have you ever lost a toe ?
no i haven't , my dads a stifle worker however .
persona
my dad was a cop.
my favorite color is red.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
i like to water ski.
i'm tall.
persona II
watching sports is fun.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
i go to yoga.
dialogue
hi ! sitting watching football today . you ?
hello , l just left the nursing home where i volunteer
that's very honorable ! i hope to be rich and donate to places .
we all hope to be . . . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a hockey coach . you ?
i teach water skiing but my dad wanted me to be a cop like him
a cop ? that is honorable . they're our heroes .
yeah but it is so dangerous
very true . i would donate to the police if i became a millionaire .
i definitely would to . any hobbies ?
i like to play hockey and watch sports
basketball , running and of course water skiing
that sounds fun . i do yoga on the weekend
i'm a bit too tall for yoga
that is nonsense ! no one is too tall for yoga !
my downward dog would look like upward dog lol
persona
i am a lover of italian food.
my father has a very prestigious job.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
persona II
i love to bake.
i love to ride horses.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm from texas.
my mother is a retired teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i was just baking a cake
i'm good and how are you . cake is good , but i love italian food .
italian food is great i could bake a lasagna , baking is my forte .
awesome . i like rock and i enjoy some iron maiden .
iron maiden rocks ! i like riding my horse and listening to rock .
on the weekends i've a netflix family night , and horse riding in the day .
i watch netflix with my mom all the time since she retired from teaching .
okay , my father did not retire yet , he has a prestigious job in home security .
home security is very important here in texas where i live .
i didn't follow his path , i make d models for video games and animations .
ahh i see , do what you love , i want to be a botanist , i love roses .
i love roses too , and have a green thumb .
persona
if things are not done right i will redo them again and again.
i work too much.
i think i need a vacation.
i am a perfectionist.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
persona II
i am a writer.
i have a dog.
my hair is black.
i like rock climbing.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am doing well , but i sure could use a vacation ! you ?
a vacation sounds good especially if it includes rock climbing .
oh my ! i would never have time for that . work , work , work !
a vacation where i could write would be great too . it is how i make a living .
i wish i could . but knowing me , i'd write , re write , it would never be good enough !
oh i bet it would be . i write a lot about my dog .
i start early , spend all day redoing things , finish late , never quite right !
sorry to hear that . something funny , my dog has black hair and so do i .
cute ! they say dogs and owners often look alike .
i totally believe it to be true . do you have any pets ?
no . all i do is work . no time for fun . plus , too much mess .
persona
i like fruit.
my favorite fruit is apple.
i don t like to eat meat.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
i like green apples.
persona II
i want to move.
i don t like feeling controlled.
i don t like my reputation.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i've a harsh inner critic.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
good ! i just ate a bunch of green apples . my favorite . how are you ?
what other fruits do you like ?
pears , raisins . i like most fruits .
that is good i love apples and grapes strawberries and watermelon too .
i really don't like meat tho .
really i love meat does your diet consist of veggies ?
yes . i also eat a lot of fruit . apples . even with the skin on them .
the skin is good has lots of the vitamins and minerals
this is true . so , what do you do for work ?
i work in a daycare center with the babies what do you do for work ?
i manage a small it department .
that is good is it stressful ?
at times it can be . most of the time everything flows well .
persona
i want to go back to school.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to learn self defense.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
persona II
i'm a breath of fresh air.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
dialogue
hola ! happy friday ! how are you ? !
i'm doing good ! tell me about yourself .
i love music ! i love blaring katy perry in the car and travelling !
wow , i wo not lie that sounds absolutely terrible .
hahahahaha ! the katy perry part or the driving part ? !
the katy perry part for sure .
who your favorite artist ?
i am deaf , all i do is watch shows on netflix with captions on
do you know sign language ? i am still learning , but i love to practice !
yes i do , my sister helped me learn it , she's my best friend
my sisters are crazy ! how many sisters or brothers do you have ?
i only have one sister that i know about .
persona
i am in a rock band.
my favorite color is orange.
i have really long fingernails.
i hate wearing make up.
i own a hot pink moped.
persona II
i get along better with animals than people.
i'm always looking for wildlife when i'm outside.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
i have several different breeds of pets.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
dialogue
hello , do you like animals ?
hey , i like them a little .
i love animals . they're my closest friends .
that's nice , i do not like them enough to consider them as a friend .
i've many breeds of animals , and i go to shelters all the time .
i stay far away from them , i rather practice with my rock band .
is your band on youtube ?
i don't think so . we prefer not being recorded .
oh , i love youtube . they have the best animal videos .
they have some of the best rock band videos .
i bet , what bands do you like ?
i like pretty much all bands .
cool . i like country when i am outdoors . the wildlife love it .
i love the outdoors as well .
i just love watching all the animals run by while i'm out there .
i love the sunshine and the breeze of fresh air .
persona
my sister is a guitarist.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
i can knit.
i like going barefoot.
persona II
1984 is my favorite book.
i love book.
i am working on a biology degree.
i'm in college.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
my sister loves the guitarist , good guitarist too
that's cool . guitarist are pretty awesome . i like to read
i am fine and you ? do you like to knit ? i do .
i'm doing well . i do not have time right now i'm getting a biology degree
do you like pride and prejudice by jane austen ?
i do . my favorite book though is 1984
you know a little about biology ? what is the benefits of walking barefoot ?
i do not think i've learned that yet . but it hurts to outside
george orwell ? do you also like animal farm ? some country is like 1984 . . .
i do like animal farm . what do you do ?
i want to be a writer
that's awesome because i love to read
i like to write short articles also .
that is neat . what do you write about
i wrote an article on shopping recently
persona
i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.
my cat s name is leroy jenkins.
my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
i have ink stains on all my shirts.
persona II
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i am 17.
dialogue
how are you this evening ?
not bad , suspenders are digging into my shoulders though
ha ! i remember those days .
remember ? are you older then ?
17 . i had to wear them in catholic school back in new england .
ah , a uniform . my only uniform is the ink stains on my shirt .
well , my life has been very sheltered but now . . . .
how about now ? did something change ?
yes , i plan on raising some hell and getting some !
oh my . i prefer staying home and playing videogames myself .
right on . nothing wrong with that .
so , are you a fan of animals ? i have a cat , he is adorable .
we have a cat and a dog .
oh , you live with someone else ?
persona
i drive a ford taurus.
i drink diet coke.
i work in retail.
i love katy perry.
i spend too much time shopping.
persona II
i'm an avid artist.
i want to go to mars.
i've 3 kids.
i'm a scientist.
i know karate.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
hey there ! diet or regular coke ?
regular of course . do you love art ? i just opened an art gallery .
i enjoy art , but i am more into shopping spend too much time on it anyway
oh i'm also a scientist . trying to make ice last longer .
super for the ice caps and my diet coke ! you did not pass the coke test , btw
i thought it was the pepsi phalange ? have any kids ? i have 3
ll you get another try katy perry or pink ? no , no kids yet .
katy perry for sure . how about you mars or jupiter ?
right anwer for sure she's my fav ! mars , of course !
yes mars for me too . would love to see the surface one day .
very ambitious ! there is no ice there . . . yet , right ?
no maybe under the surface who knows . have you ever take karate ?
i wanted to , but my retail jobs schedule did not work . you ?
persona
i like to garden.
i make my own compost.
i've my own greenhouse.
i make my own soap.
i am a fruitarian.
persona II
i am six feet tall.
i really like to go to school.
i like to dance with my friends.
i love to be run.
dialogue
hey names chad and i'm 6 feet . really love high school .
what grade are you in ? i have a big garden .
i'm a junior in high school . and enjoy track and field in the spring
i never have to buy compost because i make it . that sounds like fun .
i also go dancing with friends . not clubbing
what kind of dancing do you do ?
well whatever gets the body going . i guess . lol we just have fun .
i can get that . i only eat fruits .
is that really healthy thing to do only eat fruit ?
it may not be , but i seem fine . i eat the skin of most of them too .
oh ok , i guess if i did that my mom would yell at me .
oh do you live at home ? do you have a greenhouse there ?
do , i mean i am in high school after all .
that makes sense i guess .
yeah , but soon i will be attending college and things will change .
that will be so fun for you
persona
i grow the tallest sunfloweres you ve ever seen.
my husband and i've a suicide pact.
i spend most of my days working at my church s food pantry.
i love agatha christie novels.
i've 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
persona II
i have a ten year old son.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i play piano.
i'm doing financial business now.
i graduated high school in 1986.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm ok , just working at the church , storing food for the poor
that sounds nice is that your job
yes , but i also grow the tallest sunflowers this side of the mississippi .
wow how tall are they
about as tall as my twins were when they died . i've 3 surviving children .
i am sorry to hear that
well , have a suicide pact with my husband so the pain will end soon .
are you both turning 27 ?
yes , how did you know ?
because of the 27 club
what is that ? it sounds like something from an agatha christie novel .
a bunch of famous celebrities died at 27
can you name a few so i can ensure my husband and i join the club ?
kurt cobain , amy winehouse , jimi hendrix
sweet , my other children will want to join the club too once they found this out .
persona
my favorite color is red.
i've 2 turtles.
i like to play video games.
i've purple hair.
persona II
i have 5 kids.
i love to draw.
i love to socialize.
i love new gadgets.
i'm great with babies.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am really good just at home playing some video games
what are you playing ? my boys got me hooked on fallout .
i love fallout and i also like to play sly cooper
i've never heard of that one . i play minion rush on my kindle .
i've played that . . you will have to try sly cooper it is fun
what platform is it for ? i also draw and paint .
you can get it for any i think i use my ps3 . . . i've turtles
we have alpacas and dogs .
nice i may be able to beat you my hair is bright purple
that is a weird color , does your job permit it ?
i really like red also
i'm a redhead . i also have grey eyes .
nice i'm naturally a redhead
do you have any kids ?
i have one redheaded son
persona
i like to ride motorcycles.
i've many homes.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i ride horses.
i collect vintage cars.
persona II
people in school said i was quiet.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i was diagnosed with autism.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
doing great . riding on the cb750 was relaxing . yall should come visit soon ?
sounds great a visit is overdo . .
the kiddos might like the horses better but we could take the bikes out . when ?
after i play a few arcade games .
ha of course . we could bbq after . chicken ok with you ?
chicken is good , will there be music ? linkin park rocks
you can pick the tunes . i just brought the sounds system down from the lake house .
after learning i've autism music is my therapy .
oh ! i had not heard . when did you get diagnosed ?
about a year ago , now i understand why i was quiet in school .
it makes perfect sense . how did your family react ?
shocked and relieved it explained why i was so withdrawn .
if it would be easier we could just take one of the cars out . fewer people . maybe ?
yes that sounds like a good plan what time do we leave ?
mid morning ? i just need to get some chores done . we are headed back to sc soon .
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i like nature.
i like to go hiking.
i work full time.
i love eating out.
persona II
i enjoy singing.
i live in a big city.
i enjoy video games.
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
dialogue
hello , care to chat with a female educator ?
of course . how are you doing ?
i am good . enjoyed my favorite movie magic mike . how about you ?
nice i am good as well . just wore out from hiking .
oh nice ! you must enjoy hiking like i do singing .
being outside enjoying nature is a passion of mine .
oh sounds nice . so where are you from
its hard to get time for it though . i am from st . louis mo . you ?
the big apple . whats it like out that way ?
its great here . plenty of places to eat out as well as entertainment options .
oh nice ! might need to visit one day . check out the video game stores too .
are you a fan of gaming ?
persona
i like to garden.
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i have my own greenhouse.
i am a fruitarian.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
i am tall.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
i like to water ski.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hi , do you want to go water skiing with me ?
hello , yes i'd . that would be nice , thank you for the invite .
are you old ? i might have met you before .
no , i'm only 23 . i've a greenhouse with trees older than i'm .
oh , i thought maybe i would have seen you around the nursing home .
no , sorry . i would love to volunteer to take care of their gardens and use my compost .
do you have any red flowers ?
i am a fruit eater , so i have cherries as well as hibiscus .
hmm . my dad never let me eat fruits . he said only criminals did .
do criminals also make their own soap ?
he never said anything about that . i'm not sure .
i promise you , fruits are the best thing to eat .
okay , come feed me some and let me try them .
i will bring them when we go water skiing . ,
persona
i take vitamin c when i have a cold.
i don't eat bread.
i'm disabled and cannot walk.
my friend once bought me a car.
my favorite season is winter.
persona II
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
my family means the world to me.
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
i've 3 dogs and a parrot.
my left knee is filled with metal.
dialogue
hi , i'm very family oriented . are you ?
hello ! i really enjoy the company of my friends . they have done so much for me .
cool . what do you and your friends like to do ?
i cannot walk ; however , i love to be outside during the winter . what about you ?
sorry to hear that . i love jazz music and playing bingo with my husband .
how fun ! my friend bought me a car , so i can still get around pretty well .
that is awesome , some day i've trouble walking , i've metal in my knee
how did that happen ?
i shattered my knee playing tennis
i miss playing tennis ! i miss eating bread too . i just found out i'm gluten free .
that is not so bad at least you will be healthy
true ! i'm really into different vitamins .
i take iron and b12 everyday
i take vitamins a lot when i'm sick .
oh you have to keep everything running smoothly
especially since i cannot run !
persona
i am a mother of three.
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm bipolar.
persona II
i work at a factory.
i enjoy jazz music.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
dialogue
hi there . what are you doing ?
i am good , eating some pita bread .
yummy . i eat pita while i listen to miles davis . do you drive ?
yeah , i have to ! i have three kids .
what are their names ? i only use my bicycle .
john , sophie and marcus . they are my pride and joys .
here do you work ? i'm in a cannery .
i'm a nurse on the morning shift .
i like nurses , one fixed my nose a s a boy .
oh , we are the best
i was only ten when the accident happened . i love jazz now .
i am thinking about having another kid .
how can i help with that ?
do you think that's crazy ? with 3 already ?
no , kids are the best ! sometimes on my bike rides i see children playing .
i think it will be okay . my husband is on the fence .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm twenty five years old.
i'm a man.
i work on trucks.
i have a doberman.
persona II
i speak six languages.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i once started a forest fire in california.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
dialogue
i speak several languages but it wasn t easy
working on trucks isn't easy
just like carrying a big edged weapon
or my doberman , he is a big baby
sesame street ? you know it ?
sure of course all men do
test child , i was the first for that
i am 25 have not been a child for a while
oh , yeah ? fire forest in ca i started it
i like fire cooked pizza it is my fav
oh , i work in a radio station , they use my voice
i do not have a good voice too many smokes
what other skills do you have then
training my dobermans . they're awesome
persona
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job is not very personally fulfilling.
persona II
i work on trucks.
i have a doberman.
i am a man.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hi , do you have any dogs ?
yup , two little ones . what about you ?
yes , i own a doberman like the man that i'm
big dog ! whats his name ?
his name is tiny lol
ironic . what do you do for a living ?
i fix trucks and sell them
do you enjoy fixing trucks ?
yes , i love my job . do you work ?
i'm a legal assistant . we do real estate law .
sounds like a rewarding job
it isn't particularly fulfilling personally . i prefer doing activism work .
persona
i've often been called a slacker.
i'm a weirdo.
i have blue and orange hair.
i wear dingy clothes.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
i am tall.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am good how about you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
welcome ! so whats up tonight ?
nothing much just watching tv
today at work i got called a slacker .
what do you do for a living ?
accountant for some companies .
i like to volunteer at the hospital on my free time
ahahah nice i am a weirdo .
why do you say that ?
because my blue and orange hair explains it all .
what city are you from ?
i'm so comfortable . in my dingy clothes . milwaukee wi .
do you have any hobbies ? i like skiing
i am a photographer . how about you ?
persona
i do community theater when i am not in school.
both of my parents are doctors.
i'm in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i am in medical school.
persona II
i recently moved to florida.
i want to find out what it s like to eat grasshoppers.
i only surf when the tide is low.
twilight is my favorite book series.
dialogue
hi i'm sam and i just moved to florida
hello sam . is it nice there ?
very nice down there . i wonder what it is like to eat a grasshopper .
well , i think it is safe . i'm studying medicine , so perhaps i will soon find out .
when the tide is low that is when i will surf .
if you wipe out and are injured , my parents can help they're both doctors .
well that is pretty cool and yes i do like the twilight series
oh you do ? the girl i love likes twilight . she does not know of my love .
wow , that is pretty cool . i am just working towards on doing better things with my life
you should try community theater . that is what i do when not in school .
that'sn't my thing to be honest with you
you could do stage work if you prefer . . . props , lights , etc .
well maybe , we shall see how things pan out .
i think you should try a grasshopper now . be brave !
eat grasshoppers and makes sure it is cooked sounds like a good plan
i have seen them in chocolate and in hard candy .
persona
i play the violin.
i am nurse.
i am married with 5 kids.
i like to visit national parks.
persona II
i read a lot.
i am stuck in a wheel chair.
i do not have a lot of friends.
i work at a museum.
dialogue
hello hello . how are you ?
great ! what do you like to do ?
i actually love to learn about historical things . how about you ?
i enjoy playing music in my spare time . what kind of history ?
all kinds really . its why i'm happy with my job .
sounds like a great gig you have there .
i work in a museum so it definitely is . what do you do ?
i play music professionally , a violinist in the local orchestra .
i bet that's exciting ! i love classical sounding music .
i bet you'd , being a history major and all haha .
well , given my disability it was natural i get into such things .
ah , music has always helped me see the finer things in life , would not you agree ?
i definitely do do agree .
what instruments do you play , if any ?
oh i don't play any . i'm just a fan of classical music is all .
ah well every musician needs an audience . what is your disability ?
persona
i love animals.
my father worked for ge.
green is my favorite color.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i'm an aspiring singer.
persona II
i listen to folk music.
whittling is my favorite hobby.
i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.
i am in the navy.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello ! i am good . my father just came home from work at ge .
are you happy about that
it makes me as happy as seeing animals do .
what is the best animal
green ones ! ha ha . only because that is my favorite .
nice do you work then
i sing in my spare time . i hope to be the best singer there's !
then you must practice often
they're pure aspirations ! i practice tennis more because i enjoy it .
i was in the navy
my father said ge makes materials for the navy .
yeah for our ships yeah
i could go for a tennis court on a ship !
yeah it would be windy
that is true ! reminds me of birds in the wind .
persona
i like smoking weed.
i love rap music.
i am a meataholic.
my dad works for stifel.
persona II
i've never broken a bone.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm athletic.
i love cats.
dialogue
hello how are you doing .
i am great , smoking some bud
it is late and i am eating pizza i love it .
i wouldn't mind having a slice with extra meat
what is your current occupation ?
i work with my dad at stifel , a construction company . you ?
wish you were here so i could share .
lol it is cool . what kind of music you like ?
i should not be eating this late because of my athletic career .
i like hip hop and r b . my favorite rapper is lil wayne
i love to listen to classical music while rubbing my cat stomach .
i love cats , really i love all animals
i have been fortunate to have never fractured a bone .
that is nice , i broke my arm once
do you have any pets ?
yes a pet iguana named larry
persona
i like to cook.
i've a cat named kj.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i have lived in several different states.
persona II
my parents met at woodstock.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
i was a swimmer in college.
i love starbucks coffee.
dialogue
hi there how are you
hello , i'm doing well on this rainy day .
me too . its good for my beautiful rose garden .
the hospital where i used to work had a lovely rose garden .
cool . our hospital has a starbucks . love it there !
we move around a lot , thankfully starbucks is everywhere .
it is . although i am unsure they had it at woodstock where my parents met
i would have loved to have went to woodstock . we found kj near there .
me too . i should have done more than swim in college and had experiences like that
same here , the only thing i ever have done with my culinary degree , is make toast .
wow ! you should really put it more to use haha
i love to cook , but my husband is gone a lot and we do not have kids .
i'm sorry . i always go out to eat too much even just for coffee at starbucks .
i do too . starbucks is life , lol
persona
i love wearing name band clothing.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i have woman calling me all the time.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
persona II
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i was born in san francisco.
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i have one sister.
dialogue
hey ! ! i'm jessi , i was born and raised in san francisco
hey jess my name is jace , i wear a lot of band shirts
fun ! ! i love band shirts ! so does my labrador bongo
nice i was offered to play basketball as a profession . turned it down to pursue other things .
no way ! ! ! i can relate i was demoted because of my trip to paris
yeah , it was something i thought about . i can be quite the womanizer . . . . lol
wow . . confession time okay ! i stole my sisters boyfriend .
wow ! ! now that's something i wouldn't do . try and make music playlist
what songs ! ? i can listen to it on my trip in december .
i am a night owl , oh i'll send you the playlist . it is perfect for you
can not wait ! i am a pharmacist by the way
oh cool , i am a artist of sorts and building my business from the ground up .
really interesting ! my one and only sister is an artist too
nice ! ! what kind of artist ?
graffiti art ! she's the reason we are going to paris .
that is nice to do !
persona
i'm seventy one years old.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
my house is located in the countryside.
persona II
i am a carnivore.
i enjoy running.
my father is in prison.
my favorite band is creed.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
dialogue
hey man , hope your day is going better than mine .
its pretty good . just came in from my garden . are you ok ?
could be better , just having a bad run of things for the last few months .
sorry . if i've learned anything in my 71 years its that bad runs always eventually end .
all i can do is keep going . at least oggin is cheep hobbie .
that is why i like gardening plus all the fresh vegetables . what else you like ?
music , but that is about it . i have been out of work for a while .
you have had a bad go of it . hopefully it will get better soon .
yea , dads in jail , i had to go on welfare to survive . feel like a losser .
if you lived close i could give you vegetables . i have carrots running out my ears .
hey thanks . everything helps , wish i could afford a real good steak though .
ha ! do not we all ? well i gotta run . hope things start looking up .
persona
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i am a mother.
i enjoy shopping online.
i enjoy swimming.
i used to work for monsanto.
persona II
i used to wear a cape.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
its one of my favorite hobbies.
dialogue
hi
hey there , how are you ?
good and you ?
good , my daughter is napping so i am shopping online . might go swimming today
stay at home mom ?
now i'm . use to work for monsanto . how about you ?
i am a college student from cali
i love california , almost as much as my fantasy fiction . ll
i like comics and video games
very cool , do you live with roommates ?
yes i am in a dorm
i remember those days
whered you go ?
minnesota state university
persona
i love photography.
i don t like waking up early.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i love the sound of the rain.
persona II
i enjoy reading.
i work in the emergency room.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
i'm divorced.
i'm a nurse.
dialogue
hello . what are you hobbies ? i like to read
hi i like to take pictures photography is my favorite .
cool ! we haven't had family pictures done since i got divorced
i'm sorry you got divorced . do you have any kids ?
yes i do . don't see them much since i am an er nurse
i am sure they understand that you have to work . i've to work nights
oh yes i know how that is . drink lots of dr pepper to get through
i am a night person i hate getting up early
what do you do for work at night ?
i work in a dark room and develop pictures
sounds interesting . what do you do in your spare time ?
i take pictures and spends most of my money on paints for my artwork
i spend a lot on books since i love to read
what kind of books do you like
anything really . murder mysteries are my favorite
do you ever solve the murders before you finish the book
persona
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i like folk music.
persona II
my father was an author.
my mother was born in ireland.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
my father was born in australia.
i like to travel.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
good . just working in marketing .
nice , ism trying to plan my next trip to ireland .
cool . better bring your hiking boots . mine are pink .
ll , yes definitely . have you ever been ?
no , but i've always wanted to hike there
my mom was born there so we try to go as often as possible .
cool . i love folk music , and ireland has plenty
i have also been to australia a bunch . do you travel ?
yes , i love to . i have been to the appalachian trail . .
that sounds awesome ! my father wrote a book about that trail .
cool . i wanna read it
persona
i'm very social.
i eat healthy.
i make straight as.
i'm a high school student.
persona II
i currently work at mcdonald.
i am eighteen years old.
i am saving money to buy my first car.
i live with my parents.
i am taking a year off before i start college.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm good ! taking a break from studying for a test .
nice , i just got off work from mcdonald
cool ! my friends and i go there sometimes . i get the side salad .
i am only 18 , but i want to work before college to get a car .
that's smart ! i am hoping my straight as will get me into a good college .
yea , i just think there's no rush .
i guess . i work hard , but try to focus on spending time with my friends .
that's good . i wasn't surrounded by good friends so i'm living at home still .
oh i live at home too . i'm still in high school .
cool , high school is nice .
i really like it . my friends are here and i like learning and reading .
i don't really like studying . what do you do for fun ?
i cook ! i like inventing healthy new recipes .
persona
we have a dog.
i have several children.
my parents are still married.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i like to go to the lake.
i work as an accountant.
i've 3 dogs.
dialogue
hey there what is your weekend plans ?
hello , do you have any pets ? i've a dog and i plan to work as usual
i do i've 3 , all dogs .
awesome , would you mind telling me their genders ?
why not ? 2 girls 1 boy . like the lake ?
i love the lake , but i prefer the pool , i love swimming
when i'm not in the bank i go to it so peaceful
do you work in a bank or are you talking about a riverbank ?
no i am a accountant an yep that is the 1 blue fence ?
are you an artist , i love painting as well
yea that fence is my favorite color
what is your favorite color ?
blue is , the color of that fence . you should paint it over .
i probably will , just for you and i will do it with no cost at all
persona
i love candy.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i've a crush on my co worker.
i go to college part time.
persona II
i m allergic to lactose.
i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i like having fried fish for supper.
my doctor told me i've six months to live.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
dialogue
i only have six month to live
wow how are you doing
well i could be doing better
i'm in love with sweets
then y should marry them i'd marry justin bieber if i could
i love to wear jeans
what kind i like skinny myself just like bieber
i also enjoy skating and go to school part time
so do u like pizza it is awesome
no my co workers are nice
do they make expression because i am terrible at that
do you like candy or sweets
yes but only kisses from justin bieber
you are quite obsessed with this
i really really like justin bieber like alot
he really isn't that great
persona
my wife just left me.
my favorite city is new york.
i love to run.
i am a lawyer.
persona II
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i'm a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
dialogue
hello would you like to chat with a zoo keeper ?
sure
so do you have a profession ? my wife and i are zoo keepers .
i am a lawyer . do you exercise ?
nice . if training over 20 types of animals counts toward exercise then yes .
myself , i love running
oh that is nice . are you married ?
recently divorced , i am afraid
sorry to hear . my wife is a recent breast cancer survivor .
good for her !
yes . do you have any children ?
no , i do not
i've a daughter , just graduated top of her class . so proud .
i'd imagine
persona
i don t like the beach.
zebras are my favorite animals.
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
i'm a writer.
i m allergic to milk.
persona II
i wish magic was real.
i love christmas.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i have a daughter.
i like fantasizing.
dialogue
hi ! do you believe in magic ?
no , but zebras are pretty cool right ? they're my favorite animals .
zebras are cool . my daughter loves them .
i'm actually writing a page for animals magazine about zebras , i write weekly .
cool . if magic was real i could make a zebra appear for my daughter .
have you heard that zebras make great milk , too bad i am kind of allergic to it .
haha . no . but i cannot wait for christmas ! it is so much fun to get mail packages
do you take your daughter to the beach often ? i really think the beach is nasty now .
not lately . time for me to go fantasize about christmas !
i fantasize of being a very famous actress someday . riding a zebra down the runway .
that would be interesting . nice fantasy ! hope it happens .
me too but as a writer i don't think it can happen .
you can do whatever you want to do . . . if you believe in magic !
but i do not believe in magic . . .
you should believe in magic . . .
can you do any magic ?
persona
regular life disappoints me.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i enjoy classical music.
i don't get along with my family.
persona II
my parents are divorced.
i'm a college student.
i work as a construction worker during the summers.
i love to travel.
my favourite food is ice cream.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
how are you doing tonight
i am fine , thanks . are you a college student ?
no i am a mother of 2 boys and 1 girl
that's so nice that you can be home with your children .
yes i love it i am a baker out of my home
i get your children love that you are a baker . . lots of sweets . .
yes i make cakes cup cakes and cookies
sounds yummy ! when i'm not in school , i do construction work .
what are you in school for
sounds yummy ! when i am not in school , i've a summer job .
what is your summer job
persona
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i use to be a wild child.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
persona II
i'm hoping to play basketball overseas.
i recently had knee surgery.
i'm 7 foot tall.
i just graduated college.
dialogue
i graduated from college today . i'm so excited .
wow congratulation what are you planing to do
well i wanted to go overseas and play basketball but i've to have surgery .
i like to go puerto rico and ireland for visiting
those are both nice places , do you go often ?
no i've never visited them i would like to
well i hope after they fix my knee i can still play basketball , maybe in ireland .
do you have any pets
oh yes , cats , dogs and fish . how about you ?
i've a pitbull and bulldog and i adore them
i like bigger dogs since i am so tall .
i like bigger dogs specially german shepard
i would get a great dane , but i wouldn't want to clean up that much poop .
i live in country so i get to walk my neighbors dog
persona
i am a high school student.
i make straight as.
i am in the band.
i'm very social.
i eat healthy.
persona II
since young i ve loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
dialogue
hello from new york from the fashion district !
hi there , how are you ?
i'm well . so what do you do for a living ? i'm a fashion student .
i'm currently still in school right now , but i play in a band
cool ! i love to shop and get inspired for my future fashion career .
i think i am more into academic stuff like science and math
that is very important . i have had my eyes on fashion since i was young .
wow , seems like you have a really strong passion for fashion
yes , alexander mcqueen and coco chanel have always been my motivators .
that's very admirable ! i'm just a highschool band player i guess
what instrument do you play ?
i play the clarinet , but i also do other activities as well
that sounds very interesting .
tennis is one of my favorite sport , so i always have to stay in shape for that
yes , it is important to stay in shape .
that's one of the reason my diet is always strict and healthy at all time
persona
i have sausage fingers.
i can draw.
i like sprite soda.
i am bloated.
i'm funny.
persona II
i wish my mom was healthier.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i wish i could go to a better school.
dialogue
hi ! worried about my mom she's not dong well
maybe you could tell her a joke to make her feel better ?
good idea the neighborhood we live in is bad so its scary
ours is too , i find a sense of humor helps with that .
neighbors are always yelling at night i hate it
sometimes i draw pictures of what i see outside my window .
neat my school is really bad , wish i had another choice
despite my fat fingers i went to art school .
oh nice . i have no artistic abilities at all
do you like music ? music appreciation is artistic .
yes i do . that makes me feel better . . lol
i am glad . heres to you ! toasts you with a sip of sprite
ll i like sprite
i do too , but the bubbles , delicious as they're , can be evil .
yes carbonation is that way
between the bubbles and popcorn at the movies , my jeans are a bit tight .
persona
my favorite phone is as iphone.
i love to go hiking.
i've never been to college.
i'm a bank teller.
i've never been out of the country.
persona II
i'm a very social person.
my parents were divorced.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i am a widow.
dialogue
whats up ! was your day as awesome as mine ?
it was great ! i got the new iphone , its my favorite .
those are nice think i might get one next
they're expensive though . it was hard for me to afford as a bank teller .
yeah , i'm tight on money to i'm a widow
that is tough . i should have gone to college .
my parents divorced my senior year so i lost motivation to go to college
it was money for me . i even hike for fun because its free .
my 5th brother likes to do that
i am saving for a trip to mexico . never left the us before .
my husband was from mexico
really ? do you speak spanish ?
i know about 50 of the language
i do not know any . i've a translation app on my iphone .
persona
i like chicken nuggets.
i work at a hotel.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i love reading.
i love animals.
persona II
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy shopping online.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i'm a mother.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you
i'm good , just had some chicken nuggets .
awesome i just went shopping online
wonderful . i love shopping online .
me too i think i might read
what kinds of book do you read ?
fantasy fiction for right now
i like biographies . where do you work ?
i'm an engineer what about you
i work at the front desk of hotel
awesome i'm also a mom
how many children do you have ?
three and times get crazy
a pet might help . my dog calms me down .
yes a dog would be great
maybe you could adopt one at the shelter .
persona
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i live in portland , oregon.
i brew my own beer.
i'm gay.
i like to make my own coffee.
persona II
i love watching funny movies.
my favorite color is green.
i listen to all kinds of music.
i like to play tennis.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing today ?
hello , i am doing well . how about yourself ?
just great thanks . i just got in from the tennis courts .
very nice ! we just purchased a new home here in oregon , portland
how wonderful ! everything there is so green and beautiful .
yes , we love it ! we brew our own beer and love making coffee
sounds like fun . i really love listening to music , all genres , after i get home .
i love music as well !
really ? sounds like we would get along just fine ! i also love movies , comedy especially
me too ! what is your fave ?
i love anything with melissa mccarthy . she is great !
she is amazing ! the boss had me on the floor
me too ! did you also like the new ghostbusters ?
yes ! i was just watching it the other day
persona
i've a french bulldog.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
my feet are size six women s.
persona II
i go to high school.
i live in the united states.
i play ice hockey.
math is my favorite subject.
i'm a boy.
dialogue
what are your plans for the weekend when school is out ?
going to see red hot chili peppers , my favorite ! ! and you ?
sounds cool i got a hockey game and the just gonna chill with my friends
oh fun , you play hockey ? you in school too ?
yep i am in high school and play on the ice hockey team . do you go to school ?
i am in college to be a journalist . working at sears now , do you work ?
no i am just focusing on school right now . where are you from ?
in in florida , you ? got any pets ?
i'm in maine and i have a dog that i bring everywhere with me . you ?
oh what kind ? i love my french bulldog so much !
he's a pit and he's the best dude
i had a pit years ago , so loyal !
yep they're . are you a chick or a dude ?
a girl , erika lol . and you ?
persona
i'm a retired school teacher.
i like to take walks.
many of my former students like to visit me.
my husband will retire next year.
we plan to travel after he retires.
persona II
i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
dialogue
hey hows it going
its going great . i just retired and i am so excited about my new life !
you should chase lizards on island like me
that sounds like fun ! i would love to travel to an island .
there's so much stuff to do , like snorkeling . its my favorite
i love the water ! . when my husband retires next year i would love to travel .
does he like mangoes ? the fresh mangoes here are amazing
he loves fruit that is for sure ! what else do you do on your island ?
i ironically listen to gary human , it motivates me to hunt lizards
as a retired school teacher , i think it would be fascinating to learn about lizards .
we do not have many stores . so i import apple products to learn about them
well that is brilliant . i bet you walk a lot on your island which i love to do .
persona
my favorite season is winter.
i love watching basketball.
my eyes are blue.
i sing barbershop and rap.
persona II
i enjoy hiking.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
hi , what are you up to today ?
hello ! i just got back inside from playing basketball . you ?
just got back from a hike , my favorite hobby . beautiful fall day here
the fall is nice , but i love winter . snowmen and christmas . the best !
i do love playing in the snow . . but i miss my garden during winter lol
the snow is fun ! what do you grow in your garden ?
all vegetables , i am vegan so i enjoy growing our own food
that must be a lot of work , but rewarding .
i just got a new accounting job so i have less time in the garden already lol
congratulations ! i always rap while i work . lol
lol what is your favorite rap ?
i like to free style for the most part
oh nice , i could never think that fast to rap haha
it helps me relieve stress . music is awesome
persona
i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
i love owning nice office supplies.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
persona II
i love rpg computer games.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i still live at home.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ? i'm taking some time off from playing rpg games .
i have 828 pigs and want one more
omg ! i still live with my mom . i've never been on a farm .
wow , i do not like my mom
that is very unfortunate . i like my co worker a lot but she doesn't know .
you should tell her ! life is short
i am afraid she won't like me because i frequently use my inhaler around her .
that's sexy , you should breathe on her
i think i'll live with my mom for the rest of my life then .
ok , you will never be happy then
i am happy when i play my video games .
video games are not love of a woman
i guess i will forget about my crush .
ok , you poor thing . do something about it then
persona
i enjoy shopping online.
i'm a mother.
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy swimming.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
persona II
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i ve been married five times.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i smoke a pipe.
dialogue
hello , my name is rose . how are you doing today ?
i am great ! just finished online shopping its my favorite thing !
sounds fun . i just finished eating fried eggplant and smoking my pipe .
i'm a mom so my kids would kill me if they saw me smoke anything
yeah , may be the reason i was married five times .
wow that's a lot . i used to work at monsanto so i know a good eggplant
i happen to live in chicago and i own a bar there .
cool ! i'm a sahm now so i swim and read alot .
i do not have any hobbies but i did win my third grade spelling bee .
that is cool too ! i like fantasy fiction
what kind of fantasy fiction ?
mostly paranormal stuff . do you remember your winning word ?
i like paranormal stuff too . my winning word was glasses .
its great you still remember . i can't remember anything from befor i was 12
that's sad . why can you not remember ?
i don't know . its a medical mystery .
persona
i take care of my mother and father.
i have one sister and a niece and nephew.
i m 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i m almost finished with my degree.
persona II
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
my parents are lawyers.
i hate winter and the cold.
i once swam with manta rays.
my favorite show is csi.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
doing good . making my parents dinner . how are you ?
i am good , where are you from ? i live in florida because i hate cold .
i live in dublin . we get all kinds of weather here .
oh wow that is cool . you have any hobbies ?
i like playing with my niece and nephew . and school . you ?
that's fun , i am really into watching csi . my parents are actually lawyers .
cool . i take care of my parents . i am almost done with my degree .
i am in school too . i'd love to work at the smithsonian when i graduate .
sounds like a great goal to work towards . i can not wait to be done .
what do you want to do when you graduate ?
i think family social work . i enjoy family a lot .
i think that would be an interesting career
i hope so too . not as cool as yours ! my sister loves history .
history is neat . i've swam with manta rays before so that also interest me .
wow . sounds like you have an exciting life .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
my idol is theirry henry.
i've a wife and a 4 year old son.
i went to stanford.
i play soccer professionally.
persona II
i'm a chef.
i like to bake pies.
i like to garden.
i love traveling.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm good , pizza being delivered soon
yum what kind of pizza
this is a little controversial , but pineapple
i can go for that every once in a while
i am glad that you are not a pineapple pizza hater
yeah haha do you like to cook
i took a couple culinary classes at stanford but i'm not too good
i'm a chef and i bake a lot i would love to open a bakery one day
what is your favorite thing to bake
i like to make pies
yum ! i love apple pie , my dad used to make it .
that is nice do you like to travel
i do , i often travel with my soccer team , i play professionally
wow that is pretty exciting what team
the us national team , i am disappointing that we did not qualify for world cup
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i have 3 roommates.
i'm lactose intolerant.
i love gummy bears.
persona II
i like watching ufc fights.
i work in a factory.
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i love to drive my car.
i enjoy travel.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
my 3 roommates are annoying me , i always do there dishes
i hate having to clean up after messy people . factory workers are the worst !
they made ice cream , but i can not eat dairy , i'm eating gummy bears
i like eating ice cream when i am watching ufc .
i would rather not watch people get a concussion
when i am not watching the fights i go for drives in my car .
what kind of car ? i want an orange one for halloween
jeep liberty . he is great to travel in . he is red though lol
i have a volkswagon passat , love the moonroof .
i like my 4 wheel drive . gets me places most cars cant go .
live in a place where there is lots of snow in winter ? i live in minnesota
missouri but the winters haven't been bad lately .
where do you drive that you need 4 wheel drive , mountains or muddy areas ?
the river . i live at a lake . i go fishing a lot in summer .
awesome . i am thinking of joining a boat club next summer .
check out the big lakes , they are great for that .
for sure , minnesota is the land of 10k lakes ha . have a good night
persona
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
persona II
i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
i think i need botox soon.
i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm well , and you ?
good , i've a consultation with a plastic surgeon today .
cool , i love watching surgery videos
ooh , like those doctor pimple popper ones ?
well , more like big time surgery , i do not know why
hmm , well i just might be going for some botox soon .
not too bad , do you have any hobbies ?
i actually really love cutting hair , but i'm not even a barber
oh my , i like playing with weapons that have an edge , but i'm no barber
lol , me too , especially those like model swords
see those sound great . what is your favorite ice cream ?
my favorite is this fat elvis flavor , it is like moose tracks but with banana ice cream
those are great . mine is pistachio
ooh , i love pistachios but where i live they're so expensive
the cost a lot here too , not as much as cashews though
persona
i've a brother but we don t talk much yet.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i've a few pet iguanas.
persona II
i am a college student.
i work as a construction worker during the summers.
i love to travel.
my parents are divorced.
dialogue
hi there what do you do for fun ?
hello , i play with my iguanas and dogs .
iguanas sound like a lot of fun ! what do you do for a living ?
i stay home , trying to teach my dog to read . my husband is a detective .
you should train your dog to be one of those police dogs too .
then he would have to live with a k9 officer . his name is sassy .
sassy the reading dog . sounds like a winner !
right ? my brother picked it out .
so are you in college or anything ?
no , i am not . i paint at times .
i paint too . walls mostly in the summertime . white so the houses can sell .
that is cool . i decorative paint .
i just do it in the summer so that i can afford to travel
i love to travel , we are going to vegas tomorrow .
persona
i've a cat named kj.
i've lived in several different states.
i like to cook.
my husband was a salesman.
persona II
i live in north dakota.
i work as a waitress.
i ride a bike.
i like to draw.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i have a cat , his name is aj
awesome . i have three sisters and two brothers . we reside in n . dakota
ism well just finished cooking 2 different meals , how are you ?
i am a waitress , i am working on a drawing of our family restaurant .
my husband is the best hustler i know he is a salesman
my brother has a bike shop , he can sweet talk a cat into buying one .
cool , i think we will be moving soon . i have lived in 10 states
i m looking to move to savannah , as soon as we open our other restaurant .
oh really ? i like it lol
i do too . i found a house with a pond .
nice ! invite me an the hubby i will cook
i will do just that , we can have dessert at my restaurant .
what kind of restaurant is it ?
it will be an american fusion , the one here is a steakhouse .
i like to travel an eat lol
persona
i dropped out of college.
i fly airplanes.
my favorite band is tool.
i'm in the army.
i enjoy building computers.
persona II
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i have two dogs.
i travel every year to disney world.
i like to read true crime novels.
i am close to both of my brothers.
dialogue
how are you this evening ?
i'm well , and you ?
tired . just walked my 2 dogs after a long day at work .
i am tired too . what is your job ?
i am at a insurance agency . i am a secretary . you ?
i work for the army in various areas like flying and computers .
i like my tablet . i read novels on it like true crime ones .
that sounds nice . i listen to music on my tablet .
me too . we go to disney every year and i listen to it on the trip .
i never liked disney . i do like travel though .
my 2 brothers go so i go with them . where do you travel to ?
i fly wherever the army tells me to ; over 30 countries !
very cool . thank you for your service .
well it is a job , just like you have a job .
persona
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i collect bugs in jars.
i build my own computers.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
persona II
i've won tap dance competitions.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i've a twin brother.
i am really short.
dialogue
hi , what do you do in your free time ?
please do not laugh , but i collect many different bugs and keep them in jars !
i wo not laugh . i like reading , my all time favorite is david copperfield .
cool ! he is a great magician !
what do you do for a living ?
i currently work in it , i build computers . i was previously a mechanic for 6 years .
sweet . my twin brother is a mechanic !
awesome ! so what do you do for a living ?
i am a competitive dancer ! but i am too short to be a ballerina .
cool ! have you won anything ?
yes , many tap competitions .
great ! so , where are you from ?
i live in the northeast part of the united states . you ?
nice . i live in the united kingdom
persona
i m allergic to bees.
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i m the youngest of five.
persona II
i enjoy gardening.
my favorite drink is red wine.
i work for a clothes retailer.
i have one child.
dialogue
that was hard work , but i just finished planting all the seedlings .
i hope they don't attract bees , i am allergic !
ouch ! i cannot wait until this baby is born so i can take my leave .
i am a nurse , i might deliver your baby , where do you live ?
sometimes it feels like i live at work . how many babies have you delivered ?
i've delivered over 10 now , and i understand , it is rough work .
all your own ? that is impressive ! what i wouldn't give for a pinot noir !
on my own , here in michigan , big city .
wow . my job seems so pointless in comparison .
where do you work for your job ?
at the mall . i really like the atmosphere of tasteless consumerism .
do you do retail work ?
yes . have you heard of express ?
i've , can you get me a discount ?
no , i'm afraid all of the workers are under surveillance .
aww not good , where do you live ?
persona
my favorite type of music is country.
i love to snack between meals.
my dog is a collie.
i love to travel with my family.
persona II
i have a shopping addiction.
i do not like when people get too close to me.
i don't like being asked a lot of questions.
i love the forest.
dialogue
hey what up with you today do you like shopping
i'm good . no , i enjoy traveling with the fam .
i want to stay in a forest
ok . do you have any pets ? i've a collie dog .
i'm getting a sheltie but i really hate all these questions .
that's too bad . i will try not to ask any more . i enjoy country music .
oct 5 is when i get to get my puny
www . . . that's nice . puppies are so cute !
hee is an angel . sso fluffy and tiny .
will he eat table scraps ? my dog i love to eat between meals .
no , i do not like that , it gives them gas .
oh , you are so right ! and he always lays right beside me . whew !
ahahah yeah , he is actually the son of a dog i raised .
that is cool . its hard to say no to those eyes when he wants some food .
persona
i was a wild child in my younger years.
my grand children mean the world to me.
i am an avid quilter.
i am a pharmacist.
persona II
i am funny.
i have sausage fingers.
i can draw.
i'm bloated.
dialogue
oooo whats going on today ?
i am just getting ready for work at the pharmacy . how are you ?
pharmacy hmmm ? are you a pharmacist ?
yes , i have been a pharmacist since i gave up my wild youth .
very nice . do you recommend a medication for sausage fingers ? apparently i have that .
i'd say to stay away from the sausages . the sodium does not help your situation .
would that also cause bloating ?
yes . i have something for that but you would have to see a doctor .
i see . i'll do that . at least i can still draw .
it must be hard with the huge fingers but i'm glad you manage .
oh yes . but it gives me material for my stand up comedy gig .
is that your main job ?
persona
i've always had long hair.
i enjoy running at night.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i like spicy food.
i'm saving up to buy a new camera.
persona II
i sometimes write poetry.
i want to visit the uk.
my favorite color is black.
i like to skate.
i sing in a punk band.
dialogue
hi , how has your day been so far ?
good ! just got done eating lunch and tried a new ghost pepper hot sauce !
sounds spicy ! ! i just finished writing some poetry .
i love poetry ! i am taking a fiction writing class .
are you enjoying it ? i love to write it is so freeing .
yeah , i'm actually working on a short story right now !
do you have any other hobbies ? i sing in a band . punk band actually .
oh sweet ! have you heard of the story so far or neck deep ?
i have not heard of them actually .
i do photography on the side , i am saving up for a new camera
nice ! i enjoy skating also . what is your favorite color ?
hmm probably blue but i usually wear green !
black is mine and i wear a lot of it !
i have always had long black hair !
nice ! i've long blonde hair !
that is cool ! i wish i had blonde hair
persona
my favorite food is sushi.
helping people makes me happy.
we have two kids.
my husband is a firefighter.
persona II
i've two tattoos.
i've a cat named speckles.
i work in an office.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i enjoy shopping.
dialogue
hello ! how is your yarn wrapped today ?
sushi i like eating those
so does speckles . he's my favorite cat . i have him tattooed on my shoulder .
well i do help a lot of people that makes me happy
helping is good . shopping makes me happy .
i like shopping with my two kids
i do not have kids . two tattoos though . knitting needles and my cat .
oh my husband yes then he is when firefighter
what . that did not even make sense .
i said he has a tattoo to and he works as a firefighter
you said oh my husband yes then he is when firefighter . haha
sorry for the typo error
it happens . i find them all the time at my office .
what do usually do an office
i do editing on books .
how about writing a book
persona
i work in the military.
i like things that explode.
brownies are my favorite dessert.
i also like kittens.
i have been all over the world.
persona II
i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.
i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.
my name is jovannie and i m 19.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
good afternoon how are you doing
not too bad having just woke up
wow you are lucky i love to sleep
i'm thinking of a bbq sandwich for lunch
that does sound very good
do you know any celebs ? i live near a few
i do not i am in the army
oh that's kind of dangerous i am only 19 i think that would be scary
i love to eat brownies and i love kittens
i still have an imaginary friend lol
i had one too named charlie
mine is named cindy she's uber cool
i love mine he is fun to hang out with
persona
i know how to play the guitar.
i like to race go carts.
i'm an avid fisherman.
i've a george foreman grill at home.
i hate fast food.
persona II
i play guitar.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i have four daughters.
i have two siberian huskies.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you doing ?
i am great ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i like playing stringed instruments a lot !
me too ! i learned to play guitar about five years ago .
i love playing my a lot whenever i'm not with my pets or kids .
that's cool i've kids too . we are going to rent go carts the weekend .
i am going to a bakery with mine to eat my favorite dessert !
what is your favorite dessert ?
chocolate cake , with extra frosting !
i wouldn't mind a piece , been watching my intake .
are you on a diet by chance ?
i kinda contribute eating out to the weight i have gained . it is sad ,
how many kids do you have ?
i only have three children .
persona
i hope to save enough money for it.
i m tired of having to read subtitles.
i started learning japanese at college.
our class is planning a trip to japan.
persona II
i like imagine dragons.
i like to kayak.
i run six miles a day.
i like to fly model airplanes.
dialogue
hello how is it going today
doing well what are your plans for the weekend ?
my daily six miles a day
great ! i am learning how to speak japanese
do you have any hobbies
traveling . my class is going to go to japan i am excited
i enjoy flying model airplanes , kayak and imagine dragons
awesome ! i need to save money for my trip
nothing like traveling its awesome
yes for sure . i hate having to read the subtitles lol
i don't pay attention to those
lol when i learn the language i'll not either
that would be totally awesome
do you speak any other languages ?
french its a wonderful language
yes i do love to hear someone speak french
persona
i'm the oldest of three boys.
i play the drums.
i work at the pizza parlor.
my mother was a single mother.
persona II
my favorite band is hop along.
i've been working the same job for two years.
i like to play video games.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i am a musician.
dialogue
hi hows it going . howre ya
good , of three boys i am the eldest , so there !
nice . my dad used to tinkle with cars
he should just use a urinal .
i guess he should have kept it in
playing the drums , which i can , would be acceptable .
nice talking to you mate
but wait mother , she doesn't have a husband , you know o
aww then how . gotta get her one
well , you know i do have a high flag career at a pizza shop , so , connections
that's cool . make me a pizza sometime
maybe , perhaps while i beat my drum ?
persona
i love to ride horses.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my mother is a retired teacher.
i love to bake.
persona II
i have a dog and two cats.
i like country music.
i like to go for runs.
i live by myself.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
hey good morning how are you ?
i am doing great thank you
i am well about to make a breakfast egg baked dish .
that sounds interesting ! what is in it ?
you are welcomed anytime , i like riding . do you ?
i have never gone riding , but i love to run
onion green peppers mushrooms cream cheese shredded cheese .
that sounds delicious ! do you just mix and bake it ?
cool , while you run do you see roses ?
no , i normally just run the track at the high school
yes i do , i love roses my fav .
do you have any pets ? i've three
oh gotcha , my mom use to teach she retired now .
lucky her , i can not wait to retire
nope just wish i had a horse
persona
i eat all take out.
i still live at home with my parents.
i do not want a job.
i am 32.
i play video games all day.
persona II
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i'm a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
people say i've a cute laugh.
dialogue
i'm good , how are you ?
hi there what video games do you play ?
i don't play video games , but i cook for my family
that sounds very helpful ! are you planning to be a chef ?
i don't think so , but my x likes my cooking . i still talk to him
i don't have an ex yet because i still live with my parents .
so do i , live with my parents i mean
do you have a job ?
no , but i'm looking for one . i do need one
i don't want a job . i can live stream for cash .
i tried that , but i don't think it is my thing
it is the only way i can continue to game all day and still make money
why do you not like jobs ?
because they cut into my gaming time man !
persona
i enjoy taking late night walks when its completely dark.
i like reading.
pizza is my most favorite thing.
i like being by myself.
my favorite band is dream theater.
persona II
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i love beef.
i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
dialogue
hi there ! hows it going ?
well , thank you , i am finishing a book . you ?
i'm taking a break from work . what book are you reading ?
i'm reading a book about the art of pizza making . its really interesting .
sounds cool . do you make pizza yourself ?
yes ! i even built a pizza oven in the backyard . what do you like to do ?
i like playing my guitar and playing video games when i'm not working .
are you a night owl ? i like to stay up late and game .
i can be , it depends how into the game i'm . do you game alone ?
i do most things alone . just me , some dream theater on my playlist , and the game .
i see , sounds pretty nice !
i enjoy it . so , whats your favorite pizza topping ?
i'm a beef guy , but all pizza is good to me
you should try putting hamburger on a pizza . its amazing .
persona
i work at a grocery store.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
i go visit them sometimes.
persona II
i will one day own a ferret.
i am allergic to peanuts.
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing good , just taking a break at work .
where do you work at
i work at the grocery store , but would like to be a social worker like my mother
that does sound better than groceries
i agree ! i go visit her sometimes . she grows a lot of plants in her garden
are you allergic to anything ?
no , are you allergic to anything ?
to peanuts very badly allergic
there was a kid in the school system my mum works for with a severe peanut allergy
wow it might have been me
maybe ! where are you located
i'm in the usa and you
me too ! what else do you enjoy
i want to have a ferret
do you have any other pets ?
persona
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
i'm a truck driver.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
persona II
i watch youtube videos.
i work at mcdonald s.
i like sleeping.
i've brown hair.
i write.
dialogue
hi what do you do ?
well , right now i'm baking !
i love baked goods . i m a youtube video moderator
well , i camp with my wife and 2 girls !
that s nice . my favorite part of camping is sleeping
mine , too ! i drive a truck !
i don t do that much driving
do you find it boring ? i also like playing baseball !
well i also work another job at mcdonalds so i don t have much extra time
do you make food there ?
yes i do make food there . however , my real passion is writing
what kind of writing do you do ?
i blog about the youtube videos
do you like doing it ?
persona
i take my emotions out through art.
i grew up homeschooled.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
i care deeply about animals.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i only listen to opera.
i have never been to canada.
i live in a condo.
dialogue
hi , how is your day going ?
its night now . i'm glad the day is over . how about you ?
i am grilling a big steak and listening to an opera cd a friend gave me .
sounds yummy ! i am about to draw some pictures of my cats tonight .
i do not have many artistic pursuits myself , but i enjoy others who do .
cool . i do a lot of different things with art . most of my artwork is about animals .
i love animals but have a condo so pets are not possible right now .
that has to suck . pets are like people .
it does , but i've to be up at 4am for work , but maybe someday !
have you ever screamed really loud , and it felt so good !
ha , that is hilarious . i sing heavy metal really loud and that might count . lol
yep , it counts . i find music is another form of art !
i am hoping to see my favorite band in canada this year . i've haven't been there yet .
oh , its beautiful there . i even drew a picture of the falls .
persona
i'm usually very shy.
i've trouble getting along with family.
i love the beatles.
i like eating vegetables.
persona II
i am 6 foot tall.
i love to dance.
i used to play hockey.
i like to go running.
i've asthma.
dialogue
hey there ! what are you up to ?
just listening to the beatles i love them , you ?
that's cool ! i am getting ready to go for a run .
that sounds fun sorry if i am a little weird i am very shy
me too ! my asthma is really embarrassing and makes me uncomfortable around others .
i understand i do not get along with my family so i am alone a lot .
that is too bad . thankfully i've dance and old hockey friends , so i am not lonely .
i got vegetables to keep me company haha i love eating them
do you like to garden ?
yes i love to garden i grow all my own fruits and veggies
that's pretty cool . your garden is like my sports .
what do you play ? i don't care much for sports haha
i currently dance . when i was younger i played hockey though .
oh , dancing is cool wish i knew how but then again i'm to shy
persona
i am a veteran.
my favorite book is enders game.
i grew up in kentucky.
i have a garden.
i like to read.
persona II
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
dialogue
hi've you seen the clouds today ? i love watching them
hello , no i've not . i prefer reading
eh , i guess reding is more fun than selling snakeskin oil lol 9 to 5
lol , i'm sure its very profitable . enders game is the best book ever
i could probably read some jacob sartorius lyrics lol he's my favorite
oh yeah ? we did not listen to music in kentucky where i was raised
yeah you should definitely listen to him sometime
i will try to fit it in when i am gardening
i saw some guy gardening and gave him a long stare from afar
lol , i'm sure he appreciated that . i love having a garden
yup its my best flirt move lol
haha . . i am a veteran . . that's my best flirt move
that's a good one too
veteran haha i cant spell very well
persona
i like to play video games.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i live alone.
i'm a scientist.
i play guitar on my free time.
persona II
my favorite activity is fishing.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
i cannot go a single day without eating ice cream.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
dialogue
hi
hey there . so , have any hobbies ? i enjoy playing video games .
i like camping and fishing
i'm aspiring to be a chef and i have been trying lots of fish recipes lately .
can you make ice cream ? its my fave
sure . i rarely do though since i live by myself .
where are you from ?
minnesota . i am a scientist . what about you ?
i am a cop
cool . so any other interests ? i can kind of play guitar .
i watch alot of news
so where are you from ?
persona
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i live alone.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
i've not spoken to my family in years.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
persona II
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i work in a doctors office.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
i am studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patients saliva.
dialogue
hi there how are you
great how are you today
awesome ! tell me about yourself
i am old anf have a ton of facebook friends
i have a decent amount myself
that's awesome but my family and i aren't close
that is a bummer . i am not close with my family either
i like being alone and hitchhiking
i'd think hitchhiking would be dangerous ! i am studying to be a dental hygienist
awesome but i hate teeth
i hate seeing patients saliva !
i bet that situation would make me uncomfortable
yes it is pretty gross . i'm a foot office girl at a doctors office now though
that sounds very gross also
persona
i drive a ferrari.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i just bought a new mansion.
i am touring with frank ocean.
i'm a rapper.
persona II
i grew up on a farm.
i'm a veterinarian.
i have two nephews.
my brother is in the army.
running is my way to relax.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm good how are you
i'm great . i just got back from the farmers market .
that's cool what do you do for a living
i make vegan food . how about you ?
i live in japan part of the year so i eat a lot of sushi
did you grow up there ?
no i am a rapper so i have a lot of money
oh , i see . i grew up in the country , so i'm just an average joe .
that's cool i just bought a new car and house
that's nice . are you enjoying your time out there ?
i am though i am on tour a lot so i cant enjoy it that much
that's not good . wouldn't it be better to wait then ?
now its nice to have somewhere to call home when i'm not on tour
persona
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
i like watching videos of surgery.
persona II
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i am colorblind.
dialogue
hi how are you tonite ?
hi , i am good . what about you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i do data entry and really enjoy it .
i'm 30 still living at home trying to open my own business
i'm 45m i'm married and would love to start my own business .
you too ? what kind of business ?
i'm a really great cook , so i'd prefer a restaurant .
mee too . where are you from ?
i'm from chicago , illinois but i now live in wisconsin .
so when do you think you will open one ?
i am really not sure if it will ever be possible .
www that suck , why not ?
all of our income goes to raising our kids right now . its so expensive .
persona
i'm colorblind.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i am still living at home at age 30.
persona II
i don t drink alcohol.
i work for a marketing agency.
in my spare time i like to play video games.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashad.
dialogue
hi , 45 f , i work for in marketing . married for 23 years
i'm 30 and still living at home .
ok , well the economy make things tough . our 23 year old just moved out herself .
yes . that is why i am trying to open a grocery store .
i am sure it helps to move home if necessary since you are starting a new business .
currently i volunteer as a firefighter . being colorblind makes it challenging .
i am sure ! what do you in your free time ? i play games with my son on xbox
i read . do you have a college degree ? mine is in marketing .
mine is also marketing . so stressful though i use to drink too much from the job
do you still drink a lot ? i do not drink at all .
no i quit drinking alcohol now i listen to isaiah rashad to relax
never heard of them . do you know anyone who is also colorblind like me ?
my uncle is color blind , from what i understand you are still able to differentiate colors
yes , i just can not tell the difference in certain colors .
yes , some colors are harder for him than others
do you know any other firefighter volunteers ?
persona
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i am an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
persona II
i like to make cakes.
i like the internet.
i'm a vegetarian.
i've a new job.
my favorite music is country.
dialogue
hey ! i'm paula , nice to meet you
hey , how is it going ?
good ! thank you ! yourself ? just browsing the internet ! love it !
getting ready for bed , do you want to read the bible with me ?
sure ! making cakes and reading the bible are my favorite things .
do you know how to sing ?
well so so i love country music !
do you want to sing in the church choir ?
mmmm i used to want when i was younger . . do you work ? i got a new job
yeah , as a middle school teacher .
oh . i'm a high school teacher as well . . what food do you like ? m
i like all kinds of food , not cafeteria food .
i am a strictly vegetarian now . . realized meat isn't good
oh , that's cool . jesus would be happy .
i used to be adventist and learnt a lot with the ,
will you read to me ? i'm sleepy .
persona
i enjoy playing video games.
i live life to its fullest.
i enjoy listening to country music.
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i'm in college.
persona II
both of my parents are doctors.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
i am in medical school.
i really wanted to be an actor.
dialogue
i am in medical school right now how can i help you ?
that is cool . how long have you been going to medical school ?
about five minutes because you keep texting me
i am in college too but not for anything medical .
that's a cool story , listen both my parents are doctors so i don't have a choice
wow . so medicine just runs in your family huh ? that's pretty cool .
it does , that's why i study so hard but i actually wanted to be a actor
will you ever try and pursue acting as a hobby ?
no because it would bring shame to my family
what are you into ? like what do you like doing for fun ?
studying , learning , passing test . like come on do i sound like i have time for fun
i'm just recommending trying to live life to its fullest .
and what disappoint my family no thanks , i wish i could be carefree
well , if its any comfort i'm sure your life will turn out great .
i doubt it , i hate my life
you shouldn't . or you should try living for yourself instead of for family .
persona
i like the color purple.
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
persona II
i'm a meat eater.
i love country music.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i am like awesome . how are you ?
fantastic . sitting here with my beer and my dog .
so cool for you ! i prefer a dark wine instead .
wines fer fancy sissy types .
like no way ! it enhances your atmosphere .
only atmosphere i need is my gun in my hand and the dog on the scent .
dogs are way messy .
my dog ai not messy . he does his job and catches the ducks fer dinner .
i prefer someone else to cook me dinner . whats his job ?
to catch them durn ducks !
like duh ! you said that . so you must be in the country ?
damn right i'm !
i'm totally bugging . i love the city .
i don't like the city . all those vegetarians . not a duck in sight .
i love it ! so many stores to shop and people to hang out with .
persona
i wish that i lived in the city.
i'm a vegetarian.
i live on a pig farm.
i dislike animals.
i've allergies.
persona II
i work at the pizza parlor.
i play the drums.
my mother was a single mother.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
i m the oldest of three boys.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am a vegan because i hate animals . i am allergic to them . i live in the city .
i work at a pizza parlor and live in the city in chicago as well
is your pizza vegan ? i'm staying at a farm
if you get it without cheese it is . do you play any instruments ?
my dream is to stay in the city
what city are you from ?
i'm do not send my info over the net
okay . do you grow vegetable on the farm you are staying at ?
no i just stay there at the farm
i live in the city with my two younger brothers and my mother
how old are they i want to know them
twelve and fifteen years old
wow i hope i can see them
i hope to be a drummer when i grow up
you should follow your dream
persona
i love dogs.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
persona II
i am not afraid of what others think.
i can be quite forgetful.
i was raised by two mothers.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
dialogue
good morning how is it going
hi there how are you today ?
i'm very forgetful at times
same sometimes i forgot my dogs are at home
i've two mothers so awesome
really my mum is allergic to my dog
not afraid of what others think of me
cool , do you have any pets ?
nope but i love spaghetti and meatballs
same i prefer dogs though
my boyfriend still work for nasa how cool is that
so cool , i'm a vet
i could not do that wouldn't want to hurt them if it came down to it
its fine you get used to it
do not want to kill anything or anyone i'd cry
i only help the vet though
persona
i work at a newspaper.
i am a carnivore.
my father used to be a butcher.
i'm highly educated.
persona II
i've a very tone body.
i work in a warehouse.
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
it is cool , are you educated ?
yes i've a degree in finances , my son does pretty well too
that is cool my dad cuts meat
so what do you do for a living ?
i work for the local paper
ok i manage a warehouse
i love love me some meat
i have to eat lean cuts of meats
why is that ? my pops was a butcher
i like to stay in shape
i use too but right now i need the money .
i can under stand that
yes what do you do with yourself ?
i have an extensive variety of games and i love taking my wife out
awe you are a sweet guy i see cool
persona
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
mo mother worked as a nurse.
i've had the same job for 8 years.
i do not consume caffeine.
i like to play guitar.
persona II
my family is very important to me.
i drive a nice car.
i work all the time.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my brothers work with me.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
great just chilling listening to the stones . you ?
relaxing a little after a busy week . i run a family restaurant with my brothers
sounds stressful . i like to play my guitar to relieve my stress .
i've not picked up my guitar in years . i really should make time for it
you should ! i used to drink lots of caffeine to keep me awake but now play instead .
what is your favorite song
wild horses . my mom was a nurse and she would listen to it after work .
that is a good one
i've worked 8 years at subway as a sandwich artist . what do you do ?
i run a family restaurant with my brothers . its a lot of work but family is 1
i'd go crazy if i had to work with my family .
its not for everyone . sometimes i wonder if its for me !
what would you do otherwise if you were not running a restaurant ?
persona
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my life s goal is to be the world s foremost encyclopedia salesman.
persona II
my father has a very prestigious job.
i am a lover of italian food.
i enjoy making 3d models for video games and animations.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am tired but how are you ? i sale encyclopedia
i'm just sitting at home watching netflix with my family .
cool , i work part time somewhere an like rocks
my mom is making pasta for dinner tonight , i love italian food !
its at the gas station an i hate it
i am sorry to hear that , you listen to any music ?
not really just want to be the worlds best book seller
it is good to have goals . you should checkout iron maiden , they rock !
yes it is , i will for you
great ! let me know what you think . you play video games ?
no i do not just work
i make 3d models for video games . it is pretty sweet !
that's nice what is it called
it is my job . i also make models for animations .
wow nice for what company ?
persona
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
persona II
my passion is in programming.
my best friend is gay.
i am in school to be a computer engineer.
one day i hope to own my own company.
i go to bed pretty late.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing pretty well , how about you ?
pretty good , a little tired today , but good . what do you do ?
currently i am a waitress but i'll be moving soon
oh really , where are you moving to ?
australia , my boyfriend is there and we will be getting married . where do you live ?
in california . i am going to school .
my brother lives in california . what do you do for fun ?
code mostly . i am studying to be an engineer . what about you ?
i like jogging , its relaxing and helps me clear my head . do you have any siblings ?
i've a brother and we are close . we are thinking of starting a business together .
that's great , i had a sister too but she passed .
oh , i am sorry ! how long ago ?
three years , i donate blood each month in her honor .
persona
i work for a beer distributor.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
i am married.
persona II
until then i will make 215 an hour.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i make and me by waiting tables.
dialogue
hi ! ! mom waitress her ! how are you ?
hello ! i work at a beer distillery !
cool , do you get free samples ?
i am great , how are you ? and yes all the time ! perks
well i'm a 24 7 mom as well as a college student so i could use a beer
we do free tastings ! my husband loves the free samples
that's fab . i am waitressing and only get 2 . 15 hr . any freebies are appreciated .
that's tough ! are you married ? i married last year
yes , but poor guy is barely making anything . he is selling sperm .
oh wow surprised i got married , listening to taylor swift almost made me not
ll , i have no time for music . what does she sing about ?
about bad relationships and guys aha
persona
my father used to be a cop.
i am single.
i am a cyclist.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i like to watch shows on netflix.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to learn self defense.
i want to go back to school.
dialogue
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?
oh , you know , being a cyclist , i have been training a lot , you ?
visiting with family mostly . i've to visit or talk to my sister often .
why ? my father was a cop once . i had to check in with him often too
oh , i got mugged yesterday . does your dad know of a good place for self defense classes ?
he does actually , right by our favorite pizza place . we love pizza .
i was wanting to go back to school , but not that school now . happened out of nowhere .
oh i'm sorry . maybe we could go get a pizza sometime . you single ?
yes i am . do you like to watch netflix ?
yep , i watch a lot of netflix being single too haha
i have been watching making a murder and now self defense classes are near
maybe we should do that together . i'm sure my dad would love me to take classes
my sister is going to join me as well . we should meet and make plans .
well if you favor pizza like i do , wanna meet at the pizza place ?
persona
my favorite city is seattle.
i work at a factory.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i enjoy jazz music.
persona II
i'm 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
dialogue
hello tell me about yourself
hi there . i work at the factory . how about you
well i am 19 , my favorite player is mike trout and i am starting a short stop
you are probably too young to like jazz music eh ?
a little but i do love oldies rock like ccr and paul anka , acdc
cool . i broke my nose listening to rock music when i was 10
dang that sounds painful , i haven't broke a bone
you ever been to seattle
i have actually love the weather
me too . its my favorite city . i love riding my bike everywhere
i love the museums and the fisher shop
you should come for a visit !
okay so down i haven't been there in a while
what else do you enjoy ?
mostly baseball how about you ?
not much else really ! we should play it when you come
persona
i'm 8 years old.
my name is todd.
i love comic books.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
persona II
i work at amazon.
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
i've two kids.
dialogue
it is nice to meet you . where do you work ?
i am only eight years old , i go to school . where do you work ?
i have a job at amazon . i have two children . one is 8 like you .
cool . is it a boy or a girl ?
a girl . are you a girl ? do you have pets ?
i'm a boy . i'm trying to convince my dad to get me a dog
dogs are great if you live in the country . i do . do you ?
no , in the city . but i like that because i want to be a superhero some day
nice . i'm trying to build a robotic superhero . i love robot things .
sounds great . do your kids like to read comics ?
no , do you ? do you have hobbies ?
i really like comics , but my parents don't approve of some of them .
i probably agree with your parents . i'm pretty conservative . any siblings ?
one sister one year older . the walking dead scares her , do you watch it ?
that's a terrible show . she should be scared . i do not watch it .
i love it but i my parents do not know i watch it .
persona
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i enjoy dating women.
i m retired.
i like cooking healthy meals.
i like to go out to the bars.
persona II
i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
pretty good , thanks . how about yourself ?
good . just hanging with friends then off to work .
nice . what do you do for work ?
got some great friends . real estate and waitress on weekend .
that is awesome to hear ! i don't work anymore .
are you close with your family ? what do you do now ?
i am pretty close with my mom and stepfather . and , i am a full time dad now .
that is a wonderful job . think there should be parents raising kids .
are you close with your family ?
youngest of 8 kids so yes .
oh my ! that is a big family .
i'm the baby of the family . so mom and i and dad are close .
that's great . what kinds of food do you enjoy ?
my time to time pleasure is mcdonalds .
gotcha . i pretty much only cook healthy dishes .
persona
my husband works at a telecom.
but i'm a frustrated driver.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
persona II
i've male pattern baldness.
i'm a classily trained chef.
i was born in baton rouge.
my mother doesn't ! ove me.
dialogue
hello , my name is jim . i am a chef .
hello jim ! my name is pam , proud mother of two !
hi , pam . wow , you are a mom . that is great .
yeah , a stay at home mom . my husband works for telecom .
i'm not married , myself . too bald , i think lol .
what do you do for a living jim ?
as i said , i'm a chef . classically trained .
that's right you said that ! i bet you cook very well .
my mother would not agree , but i do have my own restaurant . do you cook ?
yes of course ! i love to feed my family , i love to mountain climb as well .
that is great . where are you from ?
i'm from california originally , but now i live in chicago .
i'm from baton rouge , but now i live in seattle .
seattle sure does have a lot of rain does not it ? i've been once .
not as much as people think , but it can get pretty rainy .
must make driving a nightmare ! i often get frustrated while driving .
persona
i am always early to everything.
i love to tell jokes.
i work in a factory.
i hope to change the world.
persona II
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i'm too short to reach the top shelf.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i've the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ? i'm undecided about which coffee flavor i will drink .
i'm good and i do not drink coffee , so i cannot help you with that
do you like asparagus ? i will know if you ate some .
umm , i guess its okay . do you like cow tongue ?
ewww but i do like my steaks bloody and almost red .
now that is whats nasty , cow tongue and kidneys are way better
maybe my dog will enjoy that ! he got me married twice !
how many wives does he have ?
he is single ! i'm remarried .
oh okay , congratulations on being remarried
thanks ! i'm so short that i never thought i will be marrying .
what are you cooking for dinner ?
persona
i'm very social.
i am a high school student.
i eat healthy.
i am in the band.
i make straight as.
persona II
i play the guitar.
i like to go to comic con.
i write short films.
my father recently had a heart attack.
i am a lesbian.
dialogue
hello do you play any instruments
yea i even started a band
that is so cool i am currently learning guitar
that is great i got an a
what do you do in your spare time ? comic con is my favorite place
i've never been there
people dress up show off their work i go there to promote my short films
i just have a healthy diet
that is good to keep up with my dad jus had a heart attack
oh no , i'm sorry to hear
it is ok he is fine now
that's good to hear
yes i was lucky to have my family and my significant other by my side
i wish i had that
awww i am sorry to hear that but don't give up love finds all
thanks i'll try that
persona
i also love orange juice.
i like to watch tv.
i am 10 years old.
i love ham and cheese sandwiches.
my name is arnold.
persona II
i'm a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i work with my wife.
dialogue
hello how are you doing this evening ?
i'm doing good thanks for asking
that is good . what do you do for a living ?
i go to school every day
that is great ! i work for a big company
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a customer service representative
so you talk to people all day ?
yes i do . but i love my job
what city are you from ?
i am from the south . i am from alabama
it must be very hot over there ?
since yesterday it has been cold and rainy
is it humid at all ?
but usually it is hot here
do you have any pets ?
persona
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love walking in the park.
i have six older sisters.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i don't like feeling controlled.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i don't like my reputation.
i've a harsh inner critic.
i want to move.
dialogue
hi , how is it going today ?
its great . i took a walk in the park which i love to do .
nice , i hope i have a nice park nearby when i move .
i try to go often sometimes with one of my six older sisters .
wow that is a lot of siblings . are you the youngest ?
yes . i am . do you have any siblings .
no , i don't . my parents are kinda controlling so i am the only child .
ajaja . . that is an interesting way to put it . do you like sports . i am a boston celtics fan
i am not into sports . i really like art , though i am pretty hard on myself sometimes
i can be tough on myself but eat chocolate and feel better
that's a good way to handle it haha
whatever works , right ? well , this has been fun . .
persona
my dad works for ups.
i'm currently looking for a job.
i've owned two mustangs.
i am not a fan of science.
my favorite color is purple.
persona II
anyways i decided to give it a try and participaed in an audition for a talent show.
until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
my shyness made me panick and i didn t show up.
i m a shy person but i love to sing.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
i am ok but i need a job really bad . how are you ?
not too bad . still flustered over a missed audition .
i hope my dad can get me a job with ups . he's been working there 10 years .
ups would be a good outfit to work for . applied there once myself .
what kind of audition ? yeah they pay good but i do not look good in brown .
i see . i was going to audition for a talent show , but i panicked .
purple is my favorite color . i will tell them to let me wear a purple uniform .
fedex has purple in their uniform , do they not ?
you can't panic when you get a chance to show off your talents
i love to sing , but my shyness always gets the better of me .
i think it is purple or dark blue . that might fit me better
it would be worth looking into , at any rate .
some performers still get nervous even after 30 or 40 years . its normal .
that's true . maybe next time i'll be able to just go for it .
i just sold both of my 1968 mustangs so i have enough money to last a while
persona
i am an art teacher.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i like to sew my own clothing.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
persona II
i am fifteen years old.
i live in america in the state of florida.
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i have braces.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
hello , i'm fine
i am nervous . i live in florida and the hurricane is headed for my house .
oh lord , i hope you are alright
we had to evacuate with just us and our three dogs .
gosh , are all three of the dogs still in good health ?
yes . my dog , maddie , was very scared on the ride .
well , i hope she's doing better now . would you mind sharing some of your hobbies ?
i love science ! what about you ?
i am an art teacher and i love making my own clothing
that is so cool ! well i got to go . have a good day !
you do the same
persona
i sometimes think i'm shallow.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
my mother is a professional make up artist.
if i want it , i buy it.
persona II
i play the bass.
i like vintage furniture.
i collect stamps.
favorite band is the beetles.
i've a large cd collection.
dialogue
hello how is your weekend going ?
hi it is going swell .
do you have any collections or hobbies ?
yes i love going to thrift stores .
nice ! i like to find vintage furniture at thrift stores . find anything good lately ?
i found multiple sports themed jackets .
nice , do you have a favorite team ?
i love my new york yankees .
i am a fan of the seattle seahawks myself . do you like music ?
i do indeed . classic rock and old school hip hop .
i like the beatles i think i have all their cds and some old vinyls .
obla di obla da life goes on .
its been great chatting with you !
have a good one yo .
persona
i love to recycle.
i drive a large , blue van.
i have curly , red hair.
i'm a hippie.
i've two tattoos.
persona II
some jokes go too far.
i like simple jokes.
i prefer the simpler times.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
dialogue
hi , i am ruth , i am on a mission about jokes .
hi ruth , my name is sky and i love to find new uses for old things
first , some jokes become hurtful , bc they go too far .
i stay away from jokes as i don't want to hurt anyone .
that's cool about old things and new uses . i am into simple jokes .
they can be fun . but one has to be careful .
i also prefer things from long ago simpler times of life .
yes it was and i too like simpler times . do you have a car ?
my friend soulmate likes the south park cartoons , etc i hate them .
i don't like south park either . i have an old vehicle .
i do not have a car , what kind do you have ?
it is an old vw bus from the 60s .
persona
i am a vegan.
i am a 30 year old female.
i like to ride my bike.
i work as a vet.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
persona II
i look forward to retiring.
i love all of my beautiful children.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i'm a humble baker.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello , have you seen a lady run by with five dogs ?
not today atleast . missing someone ?
looking for my dogwalker , i was going for a bike ride and wanted to bring them . . .
are your dogs your children ?
so far , 3 dogs . . and they have 2 pet cats , i am not crazy i am a vet . . you ?
i bake but i am very humble
haha people that say they are humble rarely are
yeah i just do it until i can retire
wow what do you bake ? i am vegan !
everything . guess i wo not use eggs in your cake !
do you have pets kids ?
persona
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
i'm a painter.
i love coffee with cream.
i want to be a museum curator.
persona II
i like to play nintendo.
i live in the great white north.
i like to race rc cars.
i have a pet husky.
i love to eat fish.
dialogue
hello , do you like video games ? i love nintendo .
video games are fun . my passion is painting
that is exciting . where are you from ? i am from the great white north .
california . what do you do for a living ?
i race rc cars competitively . i also train dogs . i own eight huskies .
that's a lot of dogs . i paint professionally
i use them for my sled . what do you like to paint ?
mostly landscapes . california is great for that
canada also has some amazing landscapes . the place i fish is amazing .
what part of canada do you live in ?
no real cities around me . the far far west if you look on a map .
that sounds nice . it must be peaceful
are you near the fires in california ?
thankfully , no . i live on the coast
i wish there was a better way to handle those fires .
it is definitely difficult . thank goodness for firefighters
persona
i love country.
i love animals.
i enjoy reading.
i m going back to school.
i m a vegan.
persona II
i fix airplanes for a living.
i m never still.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
dialogue
hey , are you the guy who wanted his airplane fixed ?
no , i am a country man
oh , my apologies . i like to keep busy and was expecting his call today .
oh i'm sorry about that .
well then , how can i help you ?
i want to talk to you about animals because i love them
animals are great , i understand .
what is your favorite animal ?
my dog , max . he loves hanging his head out of my old ford truck window .
that is funny ! i have two cats and five dogs
what do you do for a living ?
i am a full time student
i don't miss those days .
it is a lot of work though tons to do
it is worth it for sure . what kind of car do you drive ?
i do not i ride a bike
persona
i'm former military.
my favorite sport is football.
i drive a truck for a living.
i recently bought a camper.
i exercise 4 times a week.
persona II
its cold where i live.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
i'm a viking.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
dialogue
hello how are you today ? i am so cold today brrr
hi ! it definitely is cold , but otherwise i am doing well . how are you ?
not bad for a viking
i agree this is not my favorite time of year . except for sports , i love fall sports .
i have a viking boat and love to fish on it
that is awesome ! i love to fish , and i love camping too . i just bought a camper .
nice ! i like to pillage and also dine at fine restaurants
i enjoy dining out as well . what is your favorite food ?
love both chinese and mexican as well as italian . and you ?
i love italian or a good steak . anything beats what i had to eat in the army .
i bet . yes i do love a grilled steak maybe a ribeye
definitely ! ribeye is my favorite .
of course all the fat is there but makes it so tasty
yes it does ! and i am willing to work off the extra fat .
persona
i sell clothing on facebook.
i do not like to clean house.
my husband is a pastor.
i have two children.
persona II
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i think i need a vacation.
i work too much.
if things aren't done right i'll redo them again and again.
dialogue
i'm exhausted . how are you ? i'm at work way to long lol
i've a couple kids and the hubby is a pastor , i know the feeling
wow yea that is a lot going on huh
what do you do for work ?
i am a specialist for an engineering c many .
that's cool . like science and stuff ?
yes like science and stuff haha i need some time off in mexico
you like bill nye ? mexico is neat , i went when i was a youngster
not justvwith work but i am ocd in general . everything has to be perfect and its exhausting
yeah heard that brother . go on , preach
and no i hate bill nye . lol he's an idiot
take it back . i have a facebook account where i sell stuff
haha you like bill bye ? he's to political
es a handsome man . back in my day he was just a science man
persona
i go visit them sometimes.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
my best friend lives in a big city.
i work at a grocery store.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
persona II
i am a christian.
my father used to work for microsoft.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i work in the it industry.
dialogue
good morning . how is everything ?
hello there . it is good . i just had work at a grocery
sales is difficult in my opinion . i . t . is what i do .
i love gardening . and growing plants in the garden
bless your heart ! flowers are beautiful
thank you . just like living in a big city
i live off of the bible .
oooh . that's good . have you eaten it
why would i eat the old testament ? that's kinky
maybe . it tastes good . or well . bread
wut ? lol changing the topic . kings of leon is an awesome band
oh yea ? i visit them sometimes
persona
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i enjoy shopping.
i work five days a week.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
persona II
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i draw comic books.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm good , i'm going to the pool tomorrow for three hours ! i do every thursday
do you swim very often ?
yes , every thursday , and i do yoga every tuesday !
wow do you eat well too ?
of course , only fruits , vegetables and protein !
you should teach me to eat better
lol , i do work 5 days a week though . . .
oh i love to drink doctor pepper
yeah that's a good soda ! i really like to shop for soda too !
nice do you ever chew gum
sometimes , do you like to chew gum ?
yeah blackjack is my favorite ever
what the heck is blackjack gum ?
persona
i love lasagna like i am garfield.
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i have a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
persona II
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i own a black suburban.
dialogue
hello ! how are you this morning ?
i'm good , how are you ?
i'm doing good . ready for my busy day today . like all mondays
yes , i can understand that . what makes it so busy ?
driving my kids to school , sports , my book clubs , 2 brunch groups and pta . whew
sounds busy . dropped kiddo at school and got stuff for dinner
sounds easier than my day . do not you wish you can just pick up and leave .
always . but responsibilities to the world
i agree . but being a clothing designer in paris is more attractive than soccer mom .
i wish i could be among the stars , instead of stuck here
i am with you . but at least we got martinis on girls nights out . right ?
never , too busy reaching for the stars .
persona
i play the trumpet.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i am in my high school band.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
persona II
i take her to the park.
i'm 25 years old.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
dialogue
how are you doing this fine day ?
hello i am doing great how are you
just a little angry right now
why are you mad what happened ?
my boyfriend lost his job and filed for unemployment
that's horrible i hope he finds something soon .
it means less time for me to take my daughter to the park she loves
it will all work out soon . i hope to graduate high school this year
i remember those times like it was yesterday
i am in the band it makes it go faster sometimes i love it
i moved into the apartment i am in when i graduated 7 years ago
that's interesting . what do you do in your spare time
nothing right now since my daughter started school
i watch movies with my father was collect dvds
persona
i also meditate a lot.
i've a marketing job.
i practice yoga daily.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i'm one of four siblings.
i live in an apartment.
my mother is a teacher.
i like to draw.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello . i'm great . just finished my daily yoga and meditation . you ?
i should do some of that . just chilling in my apartment .
nice . i have to go to work . marketing . not fun but good money .
i bet . my mom is a teacher
cool . hey if you want meditation tips let me know . i do it a lot .
i usually draw to relax
ok , yeah that is like a visual meditation . nice .
for sure . do you have siblings ?
no , i don't . do you ?
i've four of them ! so many
wow . i cannot image having to share my vegan oatmeal with 4 siblings lol
just trick them into thinking its gross . i ahd to
haha good tip ! i love being vegan , not even close to being gross .
very true . whats your favorite color ?
i like white because it helps me focus when meditating . you ?
persona
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
my name is frank.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
persona II
i hate the holidays.
i'm a police officer.
i have been married 3 times.
i have a gun collection at home.
i drive a ford truck.
dialogue
hi names alice and i don't like the holidays because i've to work
hi , i am frank . nice to meet you . where do you work ?
i am a police officer and they do rotations and it is my time .
sounds busy ! what do you do to relax ? i am a cyclist myself .
i sometimes fix my ford truck that i drive from time to time .
nice . personally , i like being outdoors .
that is good , i collect guns at home . my ex wives hated the been married 3 times
that is interesting . i recently read a book about someone who was married ten times !
wow . and see what happened . i'm not getting married again . i'm done .
i'm too busy trying to improve my competitive cycling times to get married .
huh , that is interesting would you like to share more ?
i work at a supermarket , but i'd really like to race competitively .
that doesn't sound so bad .
training is great fun . on fridays , i ride up to canada to explore scenic routes .
persona
i like to bowl.
i'm a family man.
i'm a pediatrician.
i am married with 2 children.
persona II
i'm a scientist.
i'm an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i play guitar on my free time.
i live alone.
dialogue
pleasantries ! ! bernard here . how are you ?
okay . how come you were not at bowling tonight ?
i was playing my guitar at the club .
so how did that go ? i had to watch the kids right after bowling .
it was great . how did the kids behave .
pretty good . they like being with their dad . the wife went shopping .
no wife or kids in this house . just me .
peaceful ! i work all day long with sick kids , so two at home is not bad .
where do you work ? i work in the lab . scientist .
i work at the clinic for children .
that is honorable . i cook on my off time . 5 cuisines .
well next time try to schedule your guitar playing on a different night than bowling .
will do . great talking tonight .
bring some of that great food to bowling next week , okay ?
i definitely will . bring enough for the whole team ! !
great ! i'm on call tomorrow , need to sleep when i can , night
persona
i work in construction.
i drive a prius.
i've freckles all over my face.
i love to read romance novels.
i was in the army.
persona II
i have beard that's longer.
i'm a younger guy.
i like to ride my bike.
i own a dog that is small.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? what do you like ?
hello . good . i enjoy reading especially romance novels . you ?
that's cool . i've a bike i like to ride . do you have pets ?
no pets . i am busy with working construction .
i am the proud owner of a small dog . tell me more .
nice . well former solider in the army . yourself ?
i am a younger male doctor . thank you for your service . ride parleys ?
nice ! yes . going to sell my prius and maybe purchase a bike .
definitely an upgrade ! i love to let my longer beard blow in the breeze !
nice ! i try to stay out the sun i have too many face freckles .
you will be a night rider then ?
yes , would love to be that . so you have any pets ?
persona
i am a vegan.
i enjoy reading.
i have two smartphones.
i am a registered nurse.
persona II
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you doing ?
i am doing well just reading my book , how about you ?
what book ? i'm well . . . just folding and putting away my work pants .
i'm reading a star wars book , what kind of work do you do ?
i have read a few by timothy zahn . i am a chef . you ?
i am a rn , enjoy your work ?
i do ! i get tired of wearing the same five pants and jackets though .
what is your favorite thing to cook , i no longer eat meat or have dairy
oh my . shrimp mee hoon and all sushi creations are my favorite .
sushi is always good in my book
that it is . you don't consider seafood to be meat ?
no i not but i'm not that strict with my meal plans
i like my local sushi joint but hate waiting in lines . . . so i make my own .
very nice i am ok with lines since i dual wield my cell phones
you have more than one phone ?
yes i do , i have 2 one for work one for personal
persona
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
my parents are distant.
i see a therapist that doesn t really understand me.
persona II
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i love my dog.
i enjoy walking around the park.
i go to the theater to watch plays.
dialogue
are you getting married soon ?
no my parents will not come if i do
i wanted to make your wedding cake
i just don't even feel like getting up
i can come over and feed you
that sounds fun what will we eat
pizza , brownies , and cookies , and ham
that sounds like a feast come by
it is . a feast for friends
that sounds like a plan to me
okay great . then maybe you could go with me somewhere
that would be great where we going
to the theater ? to the park ? wherever
i would go to any with you sounds like fun
persona
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i take her to the park.
i am 25 years old.
i have a 7 year old daughter.
persona II
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i love to vacation in paris.
i like to go to the opera.
i am six feet tall.
i enjoy classical music.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ? i'm listening to some wagner right now . . .
wishing my boyfriend would get a job . hello how are you today ?
i am good , thanks . boyfriends . . . they all play too many video games these days it seems .
i am to old for that 25 this year
yes , me too sister . i'm just itching to visit paris soon . ever been ?
i have not i'm a dancer , what do you do ?
i listen to classical music and visit the opera every chance i get . . . really .
my daughter is seven today
congratulations ! seven is still a magical age . boyfriend get along with her ?
they love each other so much
cool . guess you must keep dancing if she loves him , but does not work !
right at least i put food on the table
food is good . when you are over six foot like myself , you appreciate food trust me .
i make hot dogs for a living .
a dancing hot dog maker wow . you must live in new york city . lol .
burritos are my favorite too
persona
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
i am a people person.
my husband works at a telecom.
but i'm a frustrated driver.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
persona II
i take things very literally.
i like comic books and anime.
i'm gay but i haven't told my parents yet.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hi ! frustrated with the traffic pfaff ! how are you ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you like to do for fun ?
i am always reading and watching anime
do you like adventures ? i am into mountain climbing . i find it very cool !
i stay home most of the time
alone , or do you have a family ?
i live with my parents
do you study work ? i don't but my husband works for the telecom company
yes i study alot and draw lot
what do you study and draw ? i have 2 daughters that study now .
i study criminal justice now
maybe you can straighten out those crazy drivers that frustrate me then
what do you get frustrated about
the traffic and those idiots on the road just very frustrating ! some should not be driving !
persona
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
persona II
i love to knit and crochet.
i'm a happy person.
i love to listen to music.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to take walks.
dialogue
hi , i'm megan , what is your name ?
my name is kourtney . do you have any hobbies ?
yes i've alot of hobbies ! i like to explore and do crafts
very cool . i sometimes listen to gary numan but mostly to be ironic .
what genere of music is that ? i love music !
its like 80s electronic music . i love music too !
oh , i maily listen to r b , especially when i'm going on my long walks
cool ! what is your favorite thing to eat ?
pizza ! i like it extra cheesy
awesome ! i like mangos especially for breakfast .
mangos are very good ! especially when its nice and juicy !
yep ! what else do you like to do ?
i like to sit by my lake and make scarfs
cool ! i like water to . snorkeling is my favorite .
that sounds fun ! yes it makes me happy and puts a smile on my face
what else do you like to do ?
persona
i've not gone home in over two years.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i can speak three languages.
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
persona II
i love to shop on weekends.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm love to travel . . . somewhat of a nomad . you ?
well , i want to travel . . . . working up to go on a cruise ship . never been on one .
i've not gotten back to my home if over 2 years .
i do go out tho . ny boyfriend takes me to dance lessons .
cool , i am a computer programmer working remotely .
very cool . games or practical application ?
all of the above . . actually . i speak 3 languages too , did i mention that ?
wow ! next you'll be telling me you are in japan or something .
oh heck yes . . i will . do you have kids ? i don't .
i do not have any kids .
any pets ? i have a cat named courtney .
actually i do a lot of shopping on the weekends . i was thinking about getting a dog .
you should get one . pets are awesome !
i may just do that . i want a shelter pet tho .
yap , please save a pet if you can .
persona
i can play the piano.
i'm a baseball player.
i like to read books about chinese history.
my favourite colour is green.
persona II
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i enjoy playing computer games.
i am glad that i work from home.
i'm confined to my bed.
dialogue
hey there , how are you today ?
hi i am doing okay just got done with baseball practice
that's cool . i wish i could play . i'm stuck in my bed . medical reasons
i'm sorry hope you feel better soon
yea me to . i literally sit on facebook all day . or play computer games
that sounds like fun . do you like to read
no . i probably should read more though . i do work from home which is nice
that's great that you are able to do that . i read about the history of china
that's awesome . i should look into that .
it is very interesting . whats your favorite color mine is green
i'd have to say blue . i love the ocean so
that is a pretty color do you live near the ocean
kind of . i live about 2 hours away so not to bad
that's real close wish i lived that close to it
how far off are you from the ocean ?
about 5 hours depending on traffic
persona
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
i watch south park at least once a day.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
i currently hold three jobs.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
persona II
i married my high school sweetheart.
i was an army brat.
i am a nurse.
i surf often.
i'm a great baker.
dialogue
hey care to chat with a nurse ?
sure . do you like heavy metal music ?
i do . do you like to surf ? i love it .
i do , but i do not have time , too busy with the jobs i've .
what jobs do you have ?
i work at a library , a shoe store , and on weekends i work for a dollar store .
spouse ? i'm married to my sweetheart from high school .
i'm engaged to my long time girlfriend .
do you like to bake ? i do and i am great at it
not really , i prefer watching ball games .
my pop was in the military , so me army brat .
i've nobody in the army . i'm a cartoon brat .
that's wonderful and awesome .
i really like the cartoons on comedy central .
so do you have any weekend plans ?
unfortunately , i work my third job on the weekends . i am trying to save for the wedding
persona
i like long walks on the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
persona II
my car is over 20 years old.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my dad was a preacher.
i did not finish college.
my mother was a school music teacher.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
doing well , thanks . about to go to the beach and take a walk .
that sounds lovely . i am not allowed to be alone with men . daddy is a preacher .
oh boy , that sounds rough . do you cook at home ?
i don't . i work
i love cooking meals and listening to pop music .
i listen to gospel , and read a lot .
i like to read and paint as well . my favorite is blue .
i like looking at paintings .
do you watch tv ? i live game of thrones .
i do , i am a walking dead fan .
love that show . darryl is my favorite .
i love the one who carries lucille , and father gabriel .
oh yes . he's creepy . great show .
it is a great show . my neighbor was daryl for halloween last year .
cool . i think i will make some chicken quesadillas .
persona
i've an above average iq.
i don t have a college degree.
my eyes are bright blue.
i love to eat meat.
persona II
i like to shop.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
my parents pay my rent.
i love my dog.
i m a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am good and you
great ! i just got back from my favorite sushi place for lunch .
wow i want sushi now
it is my favorite ! i'm a vegetarian but i eat fish all the time .
what color are your eyes
they're green which are accentuated by my blonde hair .
mine are bright blue yeah
my favorite store is having a sale , i am so excited .
and what store is that
it sells home decor . my parents pay my bills so i try to keep things nice .
nice i love home things
do you have any pets ?
i do not but i've a big brain
persona
i am going to school for writing.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
persona II
i love sunsets.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
i work 60 hours a week.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
dialogue
hi there ! whats going on ?
hello ! not to much how about yourself ?
just taking a quick work break before finishing up a project .
i am going to school to be a writer !
nice ! i typically telecommute and work for a local tech company .
oh wow ! my mom is a librarian and i help her sort books tat the library
good for you . i need to get out and walk to my local library more .
i love fantasy novels !
what books are your favorites in that genre ?
i also love reading poetry ; earnest hemingway !
ahh . i like sunrises and sunsets . to me that is natures poetry .
makes sense , i hope to become a journalist after i graduate !
persona
i'm caucasian.
i like rollerblading.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
i avoid eating sugar.
persona II
i've four cats.
i take the subway to work everyday.
i'm afraid of clowns.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i am a vegetarian.
dialogue
hello , do you like animals ?
what kind of animals ? i am definitely a dog person over cats .
i love all animals , especially my 4 cats . i do not eat meat because of that .
i like most animals , but i've no aversion to eating meat .
i understand . what do you do for fun ?
i love sports ! especially hockey . how about you ?
i see a hockey game every fall when i visit my sister in toronto .
i love the maple leafs ! they are my favorite team .
really ? mine too . what is your occupation ?
i'm a teacher . how about you ?
i sell cars , which is weird because i take the subway everyday to work .
you must live in a larger city . where do you live ?
new york city . i might start driving . i saw a clown on the subway today .
i think i would be more afraid to drive in ny than to take the subway .
i am less afraid to drive as i am terrified of clowns though .
have you seen it ?
no way . i heard it was good but too scary for me . you ?
i have seen the old television version and read the book .
persona
i am a pharmacist.
my grand children mean the world to me.
i like classical music.
i am an avid quilter.
persona II
i've often been called a slacker.
i ride a skateboard.
i'm a weirdo.
i have blue and orange hair.
i wear dingy clothes.
dialogue
dude whats poppin ? how u doin ?
i am doing pretty good , getting prepared for the upcoming weekend .
is it the weekend already ? totally awesome ! no job no time
i have grandkids coming to help pick apples and getting stuff together to make jelly .
jelly ! killer munchie food . i am about to sk8 board is life
my job as a pharmacist doesn't allow much free time
no job is the way to go . the man isn't holding you down . carefree
well i'm about to retire . . i quilt and listen to my classical music
when i dye my hair i listen to the classics , blue and orange takes a long time .
my son used to use sharpies on his hair
i use them on my nails . the name is dingy dave by the way
that's too funny . . he does that also . i like the name lol
persona
i am a painter.
my wife hates me , she thinks i'm lazy and poor.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i live a lie.
persona II
i don't like when people get too close to me.
i don't like being asked a lot of questions.
i love the forest.
i've a shopping addiction.
i think about food a lot.
dialogue
hi there hows it going ?
going okay , how about for you ?
mmmm pretty good maybe better if i had a bag of chips hanging around .
chips are good , do you have family ?
um , well . . . hey do you shop on amazon ?
i do shop on amazon , i buy my equipment for work on there .
very cool . i go camping a lot and get all my equipment there .
are you in to painting ?
have you checking out amazons interesting finds ? good stuff .
i'll have to check it out ! maybe they have deals on brushes .
oh , then are you a painter ?
yes i'm , what do you do ?
painting sounds good . makes me think of those paintings of bowls of fruit .
you must love food ! i enjoy eating too !
we all have to eat , right ? some great deals at trader joes , need to stop by there .
i've a lot of money to shop with , maybe i will go there !
persona
i like nfl and college football.
i'm a georgia resident.
i love to read fiction books.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
persona II
dancing is my passion.
i drive a silver lexus.
i have a dog named socks.
i am a college student.
i am terrible at math.
dialogue
heel ! whats up ? ? hows your weekend going ?
good ! i've started reading a new fiction book . how is your weekend .
ugh , i have to do this math assignment and it sucks . hows the book tho ?
very good . where do you live ? i live in georgia .
i am in texas and i drive a lexus . lol sorry i couldn't help myself
ha ha ! ! ! favorite nfl team ? mine is the packers .
oh gosh i do not know . . . i guess longhorns ? ? how do you even pick a team ?
ha ha ! ! well it helps when you enjoy football .
i am way too busy for that . 15 credit semester for fall and i am like ahahah
true , i am either reading a horror fiction book or watching football . ll
lol that is awesome though , so you are a book worm a sports guy huh ?
yes , a little of both worlds i guess .
tell me more about you . i'm interested .
well , i'm a teacher .
www ! what age do you teach ?
i teach 7th grade science .
www do you enjoy it ?
very much so . it is a very rewarding career .
persona
my wife is a hairdresser.
i love to play basketball.
my favorite beer is coors.
i drive an acura.
i work in car sales.
persona II
my mother passed away in 1979.
i never learned how to swim.
i'm a meat eater.
i like anime shows.
i had to get a job early as a child.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hi ! i'm good , just finished playing basketball . i love it .
what do you do for a living
my job is in car sales . how about you ?
i work in an office
i see . what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to watch anime
nice . what are your favorites ?
there are so many . i could not even settle .
yes , there are certainly a lot .
do you like meat at all
yes i do , but my wife is a vegetarian .
i love it . i could not be without it
same . she thinks meat has hair in it somehow . she's a hairdresser , though .
persona
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i am going to be the starting shortstop.
persona II
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i am very good at the drums.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've a bicycle.
i have three dogs at home.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
pretty good thanks and you ?
i am good thanks for asking
do you like to watch sports ?
not really i am always outdoors
cool i made the baseball team
and what team is that ?
for my college . i wana go pro
what are you going to school for ?
to get better and better at baseball
you don't have a back up ?
i'm the shortstop i don't play backup
persona
i m insecure.
i work too many hours in a week.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i have a wife and children.
persona II
i love to listen to music.
i'm a happy person.
i love to take walks.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
dialogue
hello . how do you find yourself today ?
i am enjoying an easygoing friday ! how about yourself , friend ?
i'm always great ! especially when i've music going .
cool ! do you have a favorite band ?
too many to name , to be honest . how about you ?
i like listening to eighties hair metal . i plan on buying a corvette one of these days .
corvettes and hair metal are a great combo . go to any lakes over the summer ?
nah . i just hung out . remodeled a home . you ?
very cool . i got out to the lake a lot . one of my favorite things to do .
do you fish ? always very relaxing .
of course . i tend to fish and knit at the same time . surprisingly compatible activities .
wow you must be a very talented multitasker .
only for low energy tasks lol ! you enjoy taking walks ?
i work too much to walk . i got out a little bit today . do you ?
persona
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
we also have three dogs and two cats.
my wife and i have 2 children.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
persona II
i love to sleep in.
i work in a lab.
i ve been a vegan since i was 5.
i believe in love at first sight.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
not so bad , how about you ?
a bit tired . just got home from working at the lab
what kind of lab do you work at ?
one that studies health and diet . its particularly interesting to me since i'm a vegan
cool , sounds like you have the right job . i'm a physical therapist and love it
yep , ever since i chose to be vegan at 5 i knew i would love it
i have two kids , the 14 year old is thinking about becoming vegan
tell her it is so worth it .
do you have any kids ?
no but i believe in love at first glance , so i am hopeful it will happen
have any pets , cats or dogs ?
no , i've thought about it , but i want to enjoy sleeping in on days off
lol , that makes sense . i've five all together , quite the handful !
persona
i work as a police officer.
i like to go hunting.
i do not like broccoli.
i like to play video games.
persona II
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love cold weather.
i love non gmo foods.
i love dark clothes.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
dialogue
hi , how ya doin today ?
i'm doing good . how about you ?
good . just got off work at one . gotta go to the other here in awhile .
oh wow . 2 jobs ? i start mine soon . i'm a police officer .
oh ! that sounds so interesting and thrilling !
yeah , its def not boring . any plans for the weekend ?
i am going to see the red hot chili peppers in concert ! they're my fav !
oh nice ! i saw them once . i am going hunting with my brother .
i am going to see the red hot chili peppers in concert ! they are my fav !
i am eating lunch right now . i hate when i tell them no broccoli .
that is fun . i've never been hunting before . what do you hunt ?
just birds and small prey . nothing big .
what are you having for lunch that you had to tell them no broccoli ?
chicken and broccoli fettuccine , no broccoli please lol
that sounds good . . . even with the broccoli .
do you play any video games ?
persona
i watch a lot of tv.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i enjoy fishing.
i live alone.
i work on cars for a living.
persona II
i'm not much of a fan of hot weather.
i'd travel the world if i could.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
dialogue
what sort of music do you like ?
i like jazz mostly and i lie watching alot of tv
jazz is nice , i like all music except country .
so whats your favorite food ? mine are cheeseburgers
i'm a big fan of international food . i want to travel the world .
nice ! i live by myself so i want to just travel and see the work
i just want to avoid areas of the world that are hot . i like cold weather .
i want to go somewhere where i can do some fishing
that's nice , i like fishing with my friends and family .
i'm a mechanic and am trying to save money to go to panama
panama is too hot for my tastes but that does sound fun !
my friend went there and he loved it , so that enticed me to go
persona
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
boating is my favorite activity.
i work for a large hospital.
i'm a doctor.
i live in a large home.
persona II
i have asthma.
i love to dance.
i am 6 foot tall.
i like to go running.
i used to play hockey.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight ?
good , i delivered three babies today at the hospital .
are you a doctor at the hospital ?
yeah , pretty new . it is my first year .
impressive ! i usually visit the doctor for my asthma .
do you pretend to blow the candles out ?
not usually . it is upsetting because i love running and to dance but it is hard .
i go to the beach a lot , the air there is great
maybe i'll try that . i used to really enjoy hockey too .
i love to ice skate , we have a rink at my house
awesome , i would love that . i played defense . i am big , six feet tall .
do you have all your teeth ?
yes i do . do you ?
yes but i never played hockey
oh haha i get it . i was lucky i guess .
yeah . i hate the dentist
persona
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
persona II
i listen to death metal.
i still live at home.
i like cartoons.
i'm in college.
dialogue
death metal is my favorite music . what is your music preference ?
i m not really into music but i do love puzzles
i love puzzles myself , particularly crosswords . what kind do you do ?
same crossword can i do some sports too
i still live with my parents . how about you ?
no longer i m a teacher for six grade
i like that you are a teacher . what subjects do you teach ?
i teach math and i m into volleyball team coaching
i blog on basic math and i am into cartoons . what cartoons do you watch ?
i don t really watch cartoons but i eat apples but i m allergic to it
i'm a college student . what teacher college did you attend ?
i was in a state university
what hobbies do you have besides sports ?
i like doing crochet to
what types of entertainment do you like ?
just hanging out with friends and visiting places
persona
i hate broccoli.
my mom is my best friend.
i design video games for a living.
i am afraid of the dark.
rock music is my favorite.
persona II
i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
i started learning japanese at college.
i hope to save enough money for it.
our class is planning a trip to japan.
i m tired of having to read subtitles.
dialogue
good morning how are you today ?
i'm doing great but the dark scares me
yeah i sympathize . do you speak any languages ?
only when i speak to my mother
i would like to master japanese but need to build up savings .
i could design a video game to teach you
that would be awesome ! i want to understand japanese without the subtitles in movies .
that's a real goal
it will probably take some time . do you have hobbies ?
i eat a lot of broccoli , is that a hobby ?
i should be ! i love anime . do you watch ?
no but my mother does , she's my bff
that's sweet . i want to go to tokyo do you travel ?
i'd love to go there
it isn't a cheap flight but would be fun .
you could be a stow away
persona
i read a lot.
i draw comics.
i love role play.
i visit comic con.
persona II
i do yoga three times a week.
i'm married with 2 kids.
i live in chicago.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i am a high school teacher.
dialogue
hi ! i teach school and live in illinois .
hello ! what do you teach ?
i teach eighth grade math .
i hate math , i am more of a language arts person since i like to read .
i love to read as well as volunteer .
do you ever volunteer at comic con ?
no i volunteer at a not for profit agency .
that's not as much fun . i like to volunteer at comic con because role play is fun .
my family enjoys volunteering on the weekends but comic con sounds interesting .
i sell my hand drawn comics there and role play with my friends .
that sounds really exciting . it was nice chatting with you . have a great day !
it was a pleasure ! have a nice night .
thank you have a good night .
but wait , is it evening for you ?
yes it is evening here .
i like to stay up reading before bed , do you ?
persona
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
persona II
i am a retired computer programmer.
i just turned 77.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
i love animals.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
dialogue
hello there how are you ?
pretty good . the name is nina bleu and you ?
hi nina , i am katy . nice to meet you
you too . did you happen to catch the game of thrones finale ?
i did not . i usually only watch british television
oh . it that where you are from ?
i am from florida . my grandson loves game of thrones though
yep . last season and i am pumped for it .
that is very exciting . i will have to have his mother bring him over to watch
yep . and make him a home cooked meal while you at it . i love those !
oh i am 77 now . i put my daughter in charge of those with my secret recipes
nice . i've to get some of my own secrets started .
that would be lovely . do you have any animals , dear ? i have a little dog . gracie
no not now . i am a law student and animals are expensive .
yes they are . congratulations on being a law student . very impressive indeed !
thank you ! only thing that helps now is listening to pop music on breaks !
persona
i'm very good at the drums.
i have a bicycle.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i've three dogs at home.
persona II
i want to be a famous actor.
my english is not very good yet.
i also dance and sing.
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
dialogue
hello there ! my name is sarah , an aspiring actress . and you ?
i'm april . i hate working out , but lord knows i need it
have you tried dancing ? its a fin workout . p
no but i have a bike , and i do walk my 3 dogs . you have pets ?
yes i do . a cat actually . i brought her back from tokyo .
so a siamese cat ? were you born in japan ?
a calico cat named majora . she hates it when i sing in the shower .
hysterical ! i play drums poorly and very loudly . she would hate that too .
ahahah . . . do you know if rosetta stone works ? trying to improve my english
i heard its good , but i've no experience with it . try online sources .
will do . thank you so much !
no problem . life is about helping each other . you have made my evening less lonely
ditto ! where are you originally from ?
i am from pittsburgh area , in pennsylvania
persona
i am a pharmacist.
i like classical music.
i am an avid quilter.
i was a wild child in my younger years.
my grand children mean the world to me.
persona II
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i m a breath of fresh air.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
dialogue
what are you up to today ?
i love to quilt and listen to classical music so that ! you ?
i'm telling my friends some jokes right now . i love making them laugh
fun ! in my younger years i was a wild child .
that sounds great . you sound like a breath of the fresh kind of air like i am
now i work as a pharmacist ! not as fun !
i'm a lifeguard , which is a pretty interesting job
i've 3 grand children that mean the world to me . do you have any ?
no i do not . i'm still young
do you have any hobbies that you like to do ?
i love katy perry . i like to shower sing to her music . you ?
she is fun ! i've seen her in concert . i want to go to this tour .
i just love how positive her music is . she just spreads the love
she does ! its a good time and fun to watch her perform .
awesome ! do you like going to the beach ?
i love the beach and the ocean !
persona
i'm bored with my current lifestyle.
i wish i could speak another language.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
persona II
my mom is a lawyer.
i have 5 children.
i'm a student.
i like to go fishing.
i have an internship at a computer company.
dialogue
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
hi i love watching spanish movies and tv shows
cool , i am currently studying and enjoy going fishing in my spare time .
sounds more exciting than me just watching movies all day
hey ! movies are great ! what movies are you into ?
mostly foreign movies , subtitled though , i wish i knew spanish .
why do you wish you knew spanish ?
so i could pay more attention to the action . tele novellas are fast paced
do you have any children ?
no children for me , what about you ?
i have 5 and they're a nightmare !
wow , t sounds like your hands are full , surprised you have time to fish .
persona
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
i freeze up in social situations.
sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.
i work as a freelance accountant.
persona II
i get distracted easily.
i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i am very athletic.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am doing okay how are you
just very sad right now
i am sorry what is going on that is making you sad
i just graduated and didn't do well in school
well if you just graduated that's great ! do you want to go to college ?
i do want to but i get very easily distracted
i had a hard time in college but it got better anything is possible
tell that to my string of exes
exes should not matter anymore but i understand where you are coming from .
i cannot tell you how many i have but they all ended up very badly
i have a hard time socializing never know what to say . but it all works out
i tend to make friends on the soccer field easily
that is great maybe you can find someone there
female soccer players are much hard to find
they can be but you will one day
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i've never broken a bone.
i love cats.
i am athletic.
i'm a freshman in college.
persona II
i have many homes.
i collect vintage cars.
i like to ride motorcycles.
i ride horses.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
dialogue
i love horses , motorcycles and old cigars . you ?
cats are mostly what i love . are you athletic like me ?
i do a little yoga and diet for my health . you dance or sing ?
i do . have you ever broken a bone ? i never have and hope to never !
no but i cracked a tooth once . i old cars . do you ?
no i do not . have you gone to college ? i just started my freshman year .
yes i went to college but now horses are my thing . you do not like music ?
i love music ! what is your favorite food ? pizza is mine .
i love carribean food . whats your major ?
nursing . i can no wait to graduate and get on with my career .
hmmm . you like motorcycles ? i do .
i like the way they look . i don't like to ride on them .
how you entertain yourself ? john is my cat .
i like to craft , sing , dance , eat , watch television and read books . you ?
persona
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i m a lesbian.
i love cats.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i play a lot of video games.
persona II
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
when i m stressed , i overeat.
i love kids.
i m a kindergarten teacher.
i have a lot of style.
dialogue
hello how are u tonight
i m okay just playing some video games . what do you do ?
i teach kindergarten at a small school
that is cool . i m a cake decorator . do you like it ?
i've a great love for kids its why i teach
i've a great love for felines , maybe i should train them ! just kidding
but when i get stressed out i tend to overeat
i need to lose a few pounds too
i also like to organize my space it is a stress relief
my girlfriend does that for me
i have great style should have gone to school for design
my style is great its my closet that isn t so great
my classroom is a wreck from the kids
you should think about teaching cats also
persona
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i like movies based on comedies.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
persona II
i miss my dad.
i larp on the weekends in the forest.
i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.
in reality i m 32 and live at home with my mother.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today
i am pretty swamped actually ! i have been working so had on my upcoming show
what type of show is it ?
it is a romance . which is not my favorite because i really love comedies !
like a soap opera ? are you an actor or actress in it ?
yes like a soap opera . and i am an actress . what about you ?
i do not work , i live with my mom and help take care of her
that's so sweet ! is she sick ?
yes , she's . i'd love to move out honestly
well you are kind to take care of her . my parents unfortunately passed away .
i'm sorry to hear that , do you have other family
where would you move to ? yes i've my sister we are in the show together .
anywhere where i had my own apartment lol that's great tho
yes getting out on your own is important ! do you have any hobbies ?
i larp when i get a chance , do you ?
what is larp ? i have never heard of such a hobbie ! food ! ! i love it !
persona
country music makes me cringe.
i m a terrible speller.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
i m an amazing dancer.
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
persona II
i had 128 tackles last year.
my position is linebacker.
i'm an athlete.
i play football.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
dialogue
what is up my man ?
not much ! just trying to wind down before work tomorrow
i only had practice today .
what are you practicing for ?
i'm a football player , a linebacker .
you must be fit . i dance to keep in shape
i have to be as an athlete , i play professional football .
that's impressive . i am a great dancer but not a pro
do you want to be ?
one day . my hair gets in the way though haha
where do you live ? maybe i could see a show of yours .
i'm in canada . what about you ? i would like that
i live in maryland , i play for the ravens .
i am impressed . you must make a lot of money
i do , but i work for it .
i work hard at an animal shelter
persona
i like to garden.
i make my own soap.
i'm a fruitarian.
i make my own compost.
persona II
i love kids.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
i've a lot of style.
when i am stressed , i overeat.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
hello there , how are you this fine morning ?
doing great . just had a huge fruit salad with sunflower seeds for lunch . you ?
nothing that healthy , sigh . i gorged on pizza after a long day of class
so unhealthy . i happen to be a fruitarian . i grow most of my food .
that is great . i teach kindergarten ; kids are the neatest at that age .
they sure are . full of curiosity . ever done a compost experiment with them ?
no . but we do art . i rearrange the room every week so their perspective is always changing
cool . their brains need lots of stimulation . any hobbies ?
fashion and shopping ! i love to have a new look . you ?
i make some awesome soaps . my friends say i should sell them , but i don't know .
you should ! especially at craft shows , people love that kind of thing
yeah , that might be fun . i'll look into it . do you like craft shows ?
persona
i am an athlete.
i went to the university of north carolina.
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
i play basketball.
persona II
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
i work in a warehouse.
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
i've a very tone body.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
living large now that i make that big money
what do you do for a living ?
i play for the minnesota wolves
is that a basketball team ?
yep , five million a year right out of u of north carolina
what are come of your hobbies ?
i practice my dribble a lot . what about you ?
i don't have much free time
what keeps you so busy ? as an athlete i spend my time at the gym .
i work very long hours
i hope you make over time pay
yes i do but got lots of bills
must be hard . i do not worry about money these days .
persona
i am a mother of 5.
i like to draw.
i like all types of music.
i like to watch movies.
i like to do crafts.
persona II
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i do not get along with my family.
i enjoy classical music.
i wish that i could be an animal.
dialogue
i wonder what it would be like space ?
yes that would be interesting
i really don't get along with my family ugh
why not ? did sumin happen ?
well forget them i do like music
what happened ? are you ok ?
yes i'm okay i wish i was an amical
which animal would you be ?
i big horse with long hair
my kids would love that
really that's cool lol
what do you do for a living ?
nothing but onder about space
what do you wonder about ?
persona
i'm in my second year of medical school.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i've two children but i am divorced.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
persona II
i listen to pink when i'm painting.
my wife makes the best pasta.
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
dialogue
pinks music is awesome , do you like her
i haven't heard of her . i'm hindu but live in states
i hear they have great coffee , and i love that
yes we do ! i drink it a lot at medical school , long hours
between my commute to work , and drawing i drink alot also
drawing sounds like fun . i like to bake . mom is teaching me best skills !
you should talk to my wife , she makes amazing pasta
that sounds yummy . would make a good lunch for medical school
how much more schooling do you have ,
just two more years . my kids will be so glad when i am finish d
i hear you , hour commute to work for me , extra time away from the family
yes ! it is hard because their dad is dead beat . what is you profession ?
i am a professional painter
that sounds like fun . much less stressful and maybe relaxing ?
hard on the body though , especially in the winter
outdoor painting ? yes that would be awful
persona
i love the band van haven.
i like going to canada.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i want to be a doctor.
i wear a lot of purple.
persona II
i want to learn self defense.
i want to move to las vegas.
i want to go back to school.
my sister is my best friend.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
dialogue
i wanted to try learning some self defense but the teacher said i was a lost cause .
that's too bad . come play d d with me
is critical role on tonight i was just going to watch stupid shows on netflix
i do not know . i'm going to see a van haven tribute band
i wish i had hots for teacher i want to go to school again
i'm gonna study medicine and wear purple scrubs
a secret of mine , my sisters dead , but still my best friend . i kept her skull
you'd fit right in at the place i go in canada
canada sounds good but i wish i was moved back in las vegas .
does van haven ever play there ? i love them !
yeah van halen is actually coming over to party with me and my sister later
can i come ? that way i can wear my new purple mini dress
k but do not wear anything underneath its a secret dress code from van halen
but i bought matching purple underwear
we use underwear as outerwear
that could be really hot ! ! !
persona
i love chocolate.
i have six older sisters.
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
i love walking in the park.
i'm an avid fan of the boston celtics.
persona II
i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
i went to stanford.
my favorite food is pizza.
my idol is theirry henry.
i play soccer professionally.
dialogue
i am eating pizza and i love it and it has always been my favorite
we make pizza at the restaurant i work at
i am a pro soccer player . whit kind of work do you do ?
i own the restaurant with my family . i like basketball .
oh you make pizza . i would like to work there .
no you stick to playing soccer professionally . where are you from ?
my college , stanford , had a good basketball team but i do not care for that sport
i love the celtics , they're a good team . what soccer team do you like ?
i live in atlanta with my wife and 4 year old son and our dog .
that's great . i enjoy walking in the park with my family of 6 sisters
i like manchester and i am hoping to play for them one day .
are they the best in league or do you like the coach ?
that is a lot of sisters . they have always been one of the best .
yes do you have siblings ? it is great to be considered among a legacy .
this pizza is awesome . i wish i could eat it every day . its my favorite food .
you should explore how to make some in a class .
persona
my father was also in the military.
i love my girlfriend.
i m a veteran.
i m going to school to get my bachelor s degree.
i eat a lot of meat.
persona II
i work at a hotel.
i love animals.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
dialogue
i am a hotel massage therapist . i love massaging animals they are so fun .
hello , i am in dire need of a massage , i am a construction worker with sore muscles .
i usually just do animals , can you pay me in chicken nuggets ?
i can do that , my girlfriend is a chef , she makes them out of tenderloin .
sounds good . can we listen to a fine frenzy while i massage you ?
that is okay with me . i am going to go back to school soon .
what are you going back to school for ?
business management , i'd like to work in the hotel industry .
maybe i can get you a job at my hotel once you graduate
that would be perfect , thank you ! i'd greatly appreciate it .
you could bring your girlfriend . our hotel needs a good chef .
i'll tell her that . she's looking for another job herself .
maybe your girlfriend could give you a massage , i enjoy working with animals more than people
she doesn't know how to give a proper one , she loves them too .
well if she makes me enough nuggets i'll massage you both .
she would be more than happy too , she's always going to spas .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer winter.
i love the rain.
i drive a van.
persona II
i want to take her on vacations one day.
my motor never stops running.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
my father was a driver himself.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
dialogue
i drive trucks for a living , just like my dad
hi there ! just in from my very wet run ! love trucks !
but i just got married so i quit driving to stay with my sweetheart
how is the weather there ? pouring cats and dogs here but i love it .
so now i am just gonna work trucks to earn money
congratulations ! ! ! was there pizza at the wedding ? my favorite !
nice and relaxing here in florid
cool , it is almost winter here in ny which is my fave season .
i am going to take her on a much needed get away soon
i ride around in a van which is not as exciting as a truck .
i am very hyper , my motor is always running
take her on a truck ride ! !
what kinda van do you have
an old green hippy volvo painted with happy faces
that's awesome , my wife is old hippy
lol i'll sell you my van for fifty dollars and a chocolate bar
persona
i have 3 ex wives.
my father was a famous actor.
i don t like acting.
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
persona II
i've 2 sisters.
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
i am a baker.
dialogue
hi . just got back from a great game of tennis .
nice , i was playing tennis before but i haven't energy after 3 ex wives .
oh , bet you do not have enough money to afford court fees with all the alimony .
my father was rich . he was a famous artist . money , 3 ferrari waiting me but not enough .
if you get married again i could bake your wedding cake .
ok , next time i'm ready .
hey , you need any dental work done ? my mom needs new clients .
you are very helpful friend . nice . what do you thin about acting , i hate acting .
i do not act but i use to years ago . why do you not like it ?
my father and his friends , all of them are ridiculous .
why are they ridiculous ? do they do something wierd ?
i do not understand them . how do your parents do ?
mine are fine but they still expect me to eat dinner every sunday with them .
boring . i am sorry for you , are you cook ?
no , but both of my sisters cook . do you
no no you say me wedding cake etc . what do you do ?
persona
i collect stamps.
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
i'm a mortician.
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
persona II
i'm a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
not too bad , not too bad . how about yourself ?
i'm good thanks for aking
you watch any good movies , lately ? they are out there , but the classics are best .
yeah i have seen war for planet of the apes
you ever see dirty harry ? do you feel lucky , punk ?
i don't think i've
well , you should check it out , if you have got time . what do you do ?
i stay home all day
that is almost like some of the stiffs i work with lol . no hobbies ?
i play with my dolls
i've got a daughter who loves the things . you take care , alright ?
persona
i've blonde hair.
i am in art school.
my favorite class is painting.
i aspire to paint murals.
persona II
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i am on a low carb diet.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am good , what about you ?
just eating a salad . it is part of my diet
what do you usually like to eat with your salad ?
i like tofu , lettuce , cheese , cucumbers , tomatoes , corn , and eggs
that's a big combination . do you like to paint ?
i am not much of an artist . i do love music . what about you ?
have you ever written any songs ? i like to draw and paint on my free times .
no i just listen to music . jazz is my fave
is there a reason why jazz is your favorite ? do you like other genres ?
i just find it very relaxing . i do like other kinds but not as much
i see , what are your preferences in girls ?
i like them nice and beautiful . i am model good looking so i expect it
do you like them more natural ? you must be really handsome then . . .
i eventually want to work in hollywood . i prefer lots of makeup
were the complete opposite then . i don't want anything to do with hollywood .
persona
my favorite color is red.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite food is a burger.
i work as an accountant.
persona II
my country is russia.
i'm a olympian.
i'm a weight lifter.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
dialogue
i'm from russia , where are you from ?
i'm from the us .
oh , that's wonderful ! i visited there when i was in the olympics
it is less than 15 words .
sorry , i do not understand . what do you do in the us ?
we paint the town red !
how fun ! i spend all my time practicing weight lifting .
we usually gray a couple beers and burgurs1
oh , i could not do that ! i train a lot , and can bench press 345 pounds .
no it , s not
in russia athletes don't have that much fun
you gotta loosen up man !
persona
i have a little sister.
my favorite subject in school is math.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
i like to play soccer.
i have a golden retriever.
persona II
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i'm vegan.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
dialogue
hello ! i just got home from work .
hi what kind of job do you have
i'm a stocker at the grocery store .
that's cool how long have you been doing that
i started last january . back when i became a vegan .
that's cool do you like sports
not really . i like to spend time on the farm . do you like sports ?
i play soccer on the weekends
that's a good sport . how long have you been playing
casually for the past few years
you should consider becoming a vegan . it is very healthy .
i've thought about it do you have pets
i help take care of the animals on the farm . but no pets of my own .
how long have you lived on a farm
i just volunteer there . i live in an apartment .
i see that's so nice of you
persona
i like cosplay.
i work from home.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i love watching tv and movies.
persona II
i have two brothers.
i believe in love at first sight.
i work in a lab.
i love to sleep in.
i've been a vegan since i was 5.
dialogue
hello ! how is your night going ?
great , just thinking about my favorite show game of thrones , you ?
oh , that's my favorite show ! just getting in from work down at the lab
is not it a great show ? i love all forms of cinema . tv and movies .
its so gripping ! my brothers and i watch it every sunday when its on
its a good storyline with an interesting world the authors made .
i agree . whats your favorite food ? i love tahini !
sushi is mine , althought i do not eat much of it since i work at home remotely
that sounds neat ! i've never had sushi
have you ever done any cosplay ? i like it , but i've never dressed up .
i've not , but it sounds fun !
i've three brothers , how many do you have ?
i have two , and three sisters
you have a big family ! i am the oldest , what about you ?
persona
i've been in 3 triathlons.
i've only one child.
i like snowboarding.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
my daughter just graduated college.
persona II
i've never been to the beach.
i love my parrot , todd.
i love to climb.
i'm a disappointment to my family.
i'm the oldest of 5 children.
dialogue
hello i'm todd and i love my parrot
hi todd ! cool , i wish i had a parrot . instead i have only one daughter
climbing is something i love to do .
nice , i enjoy snowboarding myself . i've also done 3 triathlons
awesome , i'm a disappointment when speaking about my family and i have 4 siblings .
how come ? my daughter just graduated from college
because i've never been to the beach
i run more than 2 miles a day at the beach to train but i hate it
have you thought about doing something other then running ?
yeah but i force myself to prepare for the triathlons
how many triathlons have you done ?
i have done 3 ! and will continue to do more , maybe even with my daughter one day
persona
i live alone.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i like to play video games.
i play guitar on my free time.
persona II
now i am a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
i am an actor.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i have been acting since i was ten years old.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
great how are you ? have any hobbies ?
i'm an actor so my job takes up a lot of time what about you
gaming and jamming on my guitar . i cook to but am an amateur
that's cool i started doing commercials when i was young
i live by myself . so lots of free time
that is so nice i wish i had more free time
so far i can cook 5 styles of cuisine ! i hope to make it six soon
wow that is awesome whats your favorite
french cuisine it is so elegant
its really good i love eating french food
i need a man to cook for .
do you have a boyfriend
no i'm all alone in this world . just me and my food
i am sure you will find someone
ah such is life i suppose
persona
my favorite food is steak.
i like meat.
i listen to rap.
i am working in finance.
i drive a black car.
persona II
i live alone in my condo.
i am an insurance salesman.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
my favorite color is blue.
i post on reddit often.
dialogue
hi , i like cheddar on me biscuits . what about you ?
yum ! with lots of meat ! and then more meat ! ! !
you are the meat man , i love you
whoa . . . the meat woman ! ! ! meat is totally the bomb ! ! !
i assume you are man , my apologies madam
you are hilarious . i'll take a side of meat with that please
i like riding my bike sometimes
bikes are fun ! i like to ride with my pet panda in my black sexy car
do you have car insurance ? i am a insurance salesman
i do but my panda is in need of insurance . he is very capable
i cannot talk to him because he knows martial arts
you are so smart . how did you know he is kung fu panda ?
i have heightened senses and knowledge
are you a panda too ? mind blown here . while i jam to rap
persona
i live in a rural area.
my favorite food is pasta.
i love helping people.
i m a older woman.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
persona II
i'm a truck driver.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
my mother was a teacher.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
dialogue
what are you doing today ?
i'm spending time with my husband , which is why i retired . you ?
that's really sweet . i drive trucks for a living
that sounds fun . i drive a lot of trucks , as i live out in a rural area .
do you know how to take a stick shift car out for a ride ?
as an older woman , i grew up on stick shift cars . which do you prefer ?
i prefer stick shifts for sure . used to drive one back in virginia
then we are on the same page . what do you enjoy doing most ?
i really love spending time with my mother . she used to be a teacher
that is so sweet . i adore helping people , and spending time with my husband .
you sound like a really great person . what do you do for fun ?
thank you ! i love to make pasta , since it is my favorite food . what is yours ?
oh yummy . i am a huge fan of pasta too . i like lentil pasta the most
that sounds delicious , i wish i had some right now !
it is amazing , especially with alfredo sauce
i'll have to get some from the grocery store tomorrow .
persona
i'm a meat eater.
my mother passed away in 1979.
i had to get a job early as a child.
i never learned how to swim.
i like anime shows.
persona II
i travel every year to disney world.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i like to read true crime novels.
i have two dogs.
i am close to both of my brothers.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing quite well , thank you . how about yourself ?
i'm great . i'm in disney world right now . i come every year
oh wow that makes me sound boring . i'm just watching anime .
i like anime too . what do you work at ?
i am a professional body builder .
wow you must be really strong , i work at insurance agency as secretary
i am trying to be . i eat a really big diet with a lot of protein .
i go sometimes to the gym , but sometimes i get lazy
i have a surprising secret though
oh yeah ? what is it ? i brought my two dogs with me .
well , i never really was around water much and don't know how to swim .
i don't know how to swim either . my two brothers know how to though
i try but it is difficult because i don't have a lot of fat .
do you like crime novels , i love them
no , i'm not much of a reader . but , i do like the dragon ball z manga .
persona
my dad is a veteran.
i love watching funny movies.
i listen to all kinds of music.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite color is green.
persona II
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
i'm afraid of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i'm unsure of who i'm attracted to.
dialogue
you ever been chased by a lion ? i've confused feeling about me . you ?
no lions but i love my green tennis racquet
one time i made a unicorn cry . did your parents reject you too ?
no my parents didn't reject me my dad was a army colonel
get out ! mine too ! i told the unicorn we eat horse meat . you sing ?
i love country , classical and all different types of music
great ! i wonder what its like to be a girl . you ?
yes i love movies like freaky friday anything funny
oh okay . you believe in voodoo ? i like john and marcia .
what color is your hair
ash blonde . yours ? merna jean is my friend .
blonde with green highlights . green is my color
wow ! i don't trust people or myself . you ?
i trust most people they are good
persona
i like to attend wine tours.
i enjoy visiting museums.
we have two sons.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
i like to paint.
persona II
i love comics.
i love reading.
i have a cat as a pet.
i work from home.
dialogue
hey how is it going what do you do for a living
hi ! i'm an artist , i enjoy painting . you ?
i'm a virtual assistant from home
that's cool , what are your hobbies ?
my hobby is reading comics love it
comics are cool ! i like visiting museums sometimes
that is cool , do you have any pets
no pets , but two sons are pretty much like pets haha
haha i feel that i have a cat that keeps me busy
cats are so cute ! do you live alone or are you married ?
just me and my cat
sounds like a great pair . i just have my husband and my kids .
cool seems like you have a beautiful family
thank you ! i actually just celebrated my anniversary last week !
persona
i love animals and i want to help them.
i would like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i'm currently on a diet.
i have three pets.
i love going to the gym.
persona II
i work as a grill cook.
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
running is a hobby.
i'm looking for a second job.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
dialogue
want to talk before i run while listening to pink floyd ?
yeah sure , i am just in the middle of feeding my pets .
oh . i love pets . maybe my second job should be with animals .
i'd like to be a vet one day .
well first i need to have my own restaurant . i'm a grill cook right now . t .
oh very nice ! do you make healthy foods ? i just started a new diet .
i grill chicken , that's why listening to that good pink floyd .
i listen to them at the gym every night too ! i love it .
you like the gym . i like running so that is neat .
yep and we both like animals as well . i like helping them .
yes my dog algae runs with me every day .
what a great name , i hope he is green .
haha . he does have a green collar though .
my dogs are glen , franklin , and clyde .
its just algae , me , and carrot cat .
i have a friend with a cat named patty mayonnaise .
persona
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
i only wear silver jewelry.
i work in a doctor s office.
persona II
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i haven t done anything since high school.
i play games at the arcade , still.
people in school said i was quiet.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today ?
i'm fine how about you ,
i'm doing fine too . listening to some linkin park
i'm going to school to be a dentist even though i hate saliva .
i can understand that . saliva is disgusting . i didn't go to college myself
i've thorns painted on all my toes .
that must look pretty cool . do you go to the arcade much ? i love to
that fine if you didn't attend college . what is your occupation ?
i am unemployed . high school was kind of the last thing i really did
i do not go arcading because i work at the hospital 6 days a week .
that sounds like a very stressful job . i would be too quiet to work somewhere like that
i prefer to silver jewelry over gold jewelry .
i don't have a preference , both are pretty . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to collect coins as a hobby .
persona
i've two dogs who are like my babies.
i am a mother.
one child has autism.
i've two children.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
persona II
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
my family means the world to me.
i have 3 dogs and a parrot.
my left knee is filled with metal.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am great , just getting home from work
nice ! what is it that you do ?
i teach at an elementary school , i love it , it is my dream job
that is so awesome ! do what you love and you are not working !
exactly ! what do you do ?
i am a waitress currently .
oh i bet it is fun meeting new people every day at work
definitely never a dull moment ! what do you do for fun ?
i spend time with my two children and my two dogs
nice ! i've three myself dogs and a bird .
i love my dogs , they're like two more children to me , part of the family
i know exactly how you feel ! and my parrot can talk so bonus .
that sounds fun , maybe i will look into getting a parrot for my kids
persona
i m not much of a fan of hot weather.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i would travel the world if i could.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like to read a lot of books.
persona II
i drive a black car.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i like to wear black.
i've a black purse.
i like rock music.
dialogue
hi . how are you tonight
i'm am doing good just listening to music
oh that is cool i love guns and roses
i like any music except country mostly five finger death punch though
i really love rock and my black purse
i love to read books lots of books
i wear a lot of black clothing
black is a good color do you like the hot weather i can not take it
i hate it , i am moving away from florida and spring time
i'd travel the world if i could but can't afford it
me too . i want to go to ireland
oh i hear it is wonderful do u have a family
yes i've 3 beautiful children
i don't have children yet but i spend alot of time with friends and family
persona
i love trips to the beach.
i m the world s best aunt.
i m in my last year of grad school.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
persona II
i larp on the weekends in the forest.
i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.
i miss my dad.
there i m a general of an orcish army.
in reality i m 32 and live at home with my mother.
dialogue
you larp ? so do i ! lets do this !
heck yeah . where is my foam sword ? ready ?
vera died . i asked her to stop singing . you sing ?
i sing opera , and boil pasta . my dog is my only friend . what can we do ?
vera died . my dad is missing . i want to dance . you ?
i saw your dad yesterday . he's ok . i'm graduating tomorrow .
my mothe wants me to live with her . i am 32 . would you ?
what does your mom look like ? i only live on the beach . though .
the forest have eyes . i am military . you ? vera died .
the forest has ears and brains too . i am a chef , italiano .
you ever been chase by wild rabid dogs ? i sing . you ?
i love my little dog . he walks on the shore with me . are you ok ?
when you eat chicken you are eating a dead bird right ?
i do not eat meat , only plants .
persona
but i m a frustrated driver.
i m a people person.
my husband works at a telecom.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
persona II
i worry about my image.
i wish my mom was healthier.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i wish i could go to a better school.
dialogue
i wish i could get out of this neighborhood ! how is yours ?
mine is pretty good . i feel safe with my 2 daughters here .
mine is terrible ! and my school is bad too . i wish i could change schools .
what do you do for fun ?
i go online and look at models . i wish i had a better nose .
i like to do adventurous things , like climb mountains .
that seems like a good sport . i could do that with my mom if she were healthier .
oh . i'm sorry she'sn't healthy .
it doesn't help that she doesn't sleep well . the neighbors yell all night .
oh , terrible neighbors are the worst .
i think i would look good with blonde hair , what do you think ?
i have blonde hair and like it .
if only my eyes did not droop so much .
why does that matter for your hair ?
it is all about my whole look .
oh . i see what you mean .
persona
i like to go fishing.
i am a student.
my mom is a lawyer.
i have 5 children.
persona II
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
dialogue
i've to quit smoking . two packs per day it too much .
it is , my kids would kill me , all five of them .
do your kids listen to music ? i listen lindsey stirling 24 7 .
they love her ! i listen to while i fish with my mother .
i eat meatloaf with my mother as often as i can .
nice ! my mom practices law at the courthouse . i am learning law too .
she gets mad when i spike my coffee with alcohol though , which i love to do .
i do not drink , my kids would be sad . i smoke though .
do you smoke two packs a day like i do ?
no , just sage plants and dried herbs . healthy things .
two things i never get tired of lindsey stirling and meatloaf every night . not as healthy .
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
i know she likes the violin . more likely that she likes sage plants than meatloaf .
i like the violin too . my mother sued lindsey once back in 1997 .
are you sure it was the same lindsey ?
yes ! it must have been . my mom is the best .
persona
my dad worked for home depot.
i like to work puzzles.
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
i'm a teacher.
persona II
i'm a weight lifter.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i'm a olympian.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hi . whew ! what a long day at work . teaching is exhausting . and you ?
i know that exhausted feeling being a olympian weight lifter !
good for you ! i am more of a quiet night with a good puzzle person .
i am currently able to bench press 345 pounds and squat 400 pounds
that's a lot of weight . i spend my spare time writing novels .
what do you write about ?
romantic suspense . my heroine in my current novel is a swat officer .
wow , you should throw a weight lifter in there somewhere
maybe . i will have to think about it . maybe an eye witness .
oh , i am sure you can give me a bigger role than that ;
unless you want to be the villain or the best friend .
the best friend will do nicely , thank you
lol . picky are we then ?
i didn't get to olympian status for no reason ; haha
you are an olympian ? way cool
persona
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i work at a hotel.
i love animals.
persona II
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i m a graduate student studying law.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great what about you
i'm fine , thanks for asking .
not a problem how your morning going
not too bad so far
yeah i hear you my son woke me and my husband up
oh no ! i can never sleep at night anyways pretty much a night owl .
i use to be but not much any more i'm some night
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a stay at home mom
okay . currently a grad student at unl in law school .
that is cool how do you like it
i'm not gonna lie it gets pretty stressful at times .
being in school is stressful period
yeah it definitely is cannot wait to be done
i was in school for medical a little bit
persona
i play piano.
i've a ten year old son.
i graduated high school in 1986.
persona II
my name is mary and i am from colorado.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
my favorite band is one direction.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
great and you ?
wonderful . cold front today . winter is coming .
i hate cold . do you play any instruments ? i am a pianist .
i've a guitar . i try to copy one direction songs . love them .
i do not have much free time , bc my 10 year old son has autism .
oh , i'm sorry to hear about that .
my mom says that ppl that graduated high school in 80s complain too much .
well that sounds kind of judgmental of her .
i got out of high school in 1986 and i do not think i complain much .
i don't think you do , either . i also graduated in 1986 .
wow , what a coincidence !
i know , right ? where you from ?
texas , but not in the flood zone , thankfully .
i am from colorado .
i've been there . the clearest cleanest drinking water .
persona
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job is not very personally fulfilling.
persona II
i own a boat.
i live alone in a cabin.
i am a 70 year old man.
i have 5 grandchildren.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
dialogue
hi how are you today
pretty good thanks , how about you ?
i'm doing ok i just got done fishing
sounds cool , i'm reading about traveling to cancun
that is a nice place i wish i could go one day .
i might do some activist work there , to help build houses
that's very nice of you i just turned 70 so i'm to old to help anymore
i see . do you follow politics much ?
sometimes but do not like talking about it it causes to must
i understand , it interests me but can cause arguments . . .
do you work in politics
no , i'm a legal assistant with a law firm
that is a great career what got you interested in that ?
well , my dad i guess
that's pretty cool what do you like to do when you aren't working
i read a lot and do activist stuff
it was nice talking to you my grandkids are here now
cool , thanks . have fun !
persona
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
persona II
i was a swimmer in college.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
my parents met at woodstock.
i have a cat named pickles.
i love starbucks coffee.
dialogue
hi , i just got in from tending my beautiful rose garden . how are you ?
i'm good , hanging out with my beagle droopy . what are you growing ?
just roses so i've time to swim . used to be good in college .
i meant to ask what colors are you growing ? swimming is fun .
no worries , pink . my dad gave my mom a pink one when they met at woodstock .
that is so sweet ! i am eating shrimp , do you like shrimp ?
yes i do , almost as much as coffee . starbucks is my favorite .
whats your favorite starbucks drink ? i like the mocha espresso .
i like that one too ! danit , my cat pickles is laying on my roses .
my dog droopy would bark to make pickles get off the roses .
lol . some one needs to .
do you ever watch youtube ?
persona
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i love watching greys anatomy.
i am in high school apart of the school band.
music has always been my number one passion.
persona II
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.
dialogue
i'm in school band and it rocks .
hey , i'm also in the school band ! what do you play ?
who is your favorite person in your life ?
that would be my mother . she has done so much for me .
mine too that is so awesome
so what instrument to you play ? i play the guitar .
guitar . music is my favorite pass time
mine , too . i got hooked when i first heard the beatles .
electric guitars rock . it keeps my mind right
i totally agree . so , do you have any other hobbies ?
greys anatomy is my favorite show
i love it too ! who is your favorite character ?
the hot doctor of course
ll , understandable . . . the whole show is amazing .
persona
i m a vegan.
i love country.
i m going back to school.
i love animals.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i believe in fairytales.
i m obsessed with animals.
i practice yoga and hike.
i love the natural world beauty.
my family is poor.
dialogue
do you have any money for me ?
no i am poor and vegan , i grow all of my own food
oh , do you want to do some yoga ?
i am going back to college so i am too broke to pay for yoga class
we can do yoga at my house ?
oh well that would be decent . do you have any animals ?
i think we cannot afford any
we could find some animals in nature , i love them
i'd love that . let us be bffs
why not ? i'm down , do you like reading ?
about fairy tales , sure . will you read some ?
i'd read to you if you like that kind of thing
i do , thank you , a lot
what kind of music do you like ?
i do not know , fancy calm kinds .
not bad , i am a big country fan
persona
i like to eat.
i want to feel pretty.
i want to be desired.
i feel overweight.
persona II
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i want to be in a band someday.
i am a factory worker.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight
hi , i'm feeling pudgy tonight . you ?
a little bloated , just finished composing a new song
i wish i was pretty . are you pretty ?
i find it hard to rate myself , some people say so , others not
my husband no longer desires me . are you married ?
i'm not married , just in a new relationship
i love eating out . you like eating out ?
i do , but mostly after work with the boys
how does it feel to be desired and pretty and not overweight ?
that is a tough question , i cannot really qualify it
beauty is in the eye of the beholder . you agree ?
i do , for all are beautiful to some
some people to be pretty . do you eat to be pretty ?
persona
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
i'm a very bad liar.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i try not to think about death.
persona II
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i like to swim.
i'm bald.
i hate tacos.
i do not work.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
hi ! i'm doing well !
do you have any hobbies ?
not really . i like to make people laugh but i am not a professional
i spend a lot of time swimming but i do not work
swimming can be nice . not working is even better
well i've to use a lot of sunscreen for my bald head
sunscreen is good , you don't want cancer
do you have any favorite foods ?
i absolutely maddeningly love tacos guan
i do not like tacos but i love chocolate milk
do people ever think you are crazy ?
sure all of the time . most people have crazy tendencies
good to know , a lot of you friends think i am
they're probably the crazy ones
i like the thought of that
persona
i can draw.
i m funny.
i've sausage fingers.
i m bloated.
persona II
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i only have three best friends.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i like swimming.
dialogue
hiya . my names stephanie . who are you ?
hi , i'm a pizza maker who makes pencil drawings as a hobby .
sweet . i swim after school and play overwatch on pc .
you must be fit . i , on the other hand , am kind of round .
i am so fit , my boyfriends demands it . do you drive ?
yes , i've to go to work somehow . is your boyfriend demanding ?
i love fast cars . my boyfriend doesn't tolerate silliness . where are you ?
i am in michigan . you ?
florida . it is hot here and i love to go to the beach .
i wish to visit florida sometimes . people would laugh at my belly though .
my friends and i love to sunbathe all day . do you own a home ?
no , renting , but planning to buy one .
i live with my extended family but i do not care , i love them .
it is great that you get along . i have big family , too . 5 brothers !
persona
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
persona II
i m entering the police academy this summer.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
i like to watch mma.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
dialogue
hello , what is your name ?
my name is joe . do you like music ?
i am ryan . yes , i like all kinds . do you ?
my favorite is punk . do you like the band . rancid ?
i have never heard of them before
i have tickets to a concert of theirs in san diego soon
nice , that sounds fun . i've a weight lifting competition coming uo
in san diego ? i'm going to be moving there in a few months .
yes , do you like to lift weights ?
not really . i do not want to get too pumped . i like a lean figure
i do not do too many squats but i love bench press . do you watch mma ?
not really . do your parents lift too ? is that how you learned
yes my dad did . what are your parents like ?
that is cool . my mother danced the ballet in london
wow that's interesting , have you been there ?
i was little . she was kind of famous for it , but i do not dance much
persona
i'm a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i paddle board on my days off.
i'm buying a house.
i play the piano.
persona II
i am a pilot.
i'm afraid of spiders.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
both of my parents are in the military.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
dialogue
what are you doing today ?
i just finished working in the hospital
oh are you a nurse or a doctor ?
nurse , in the emergency section busy
oh i bet that is a tough job sometimes
it is but i like it
do you have any pets ?
i do not , but i have piano , it is like my pet
haha that makes sense . i have 2 dogs . they are beagles
oh , i might get one , coz i'm looking for a house to buy
you should go to slc where my girl lives at
oh , i do paddle boarding when i am free
that is great . i fly planes . so similar haha
oh , wow , unique in the things that we do
do you have any fears ?
of course i do but very minimal
persona
i don't like vegetables.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i love to go running.
my favorite truck is a chevy duramax.
persona II
i'm dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i'm in my 20 s.
i work at a real estate office.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
great here . how about you ? i'm billy .
doing well ! i'm jane . just got home from work . what do you do ?
i'm a college student . i run on my free time .
cool ! i work in real estate . currently going out with my boss , which is fun !
cool . i just bought a chevy duramax truck which is my favorite .
neat ! do you sing while you drive ? i love singing !
haha . no i can not hold a note .
you like gardening ? i love daisies ! pretty girly even though i'm in my 24 .
i'm 22 . not really a gardener .
that is okay ! anything you like to do on your free time , aside from running ?
hang out with family . . i enjoy that . also , i buy all my clothes at american eagle .
oh , so do you like to shop ?
not so much , but that is my favorite store . lol . what else do you do ?
besides gardening , i sing in a choir ! it is lots of fun !
oh that is why you love to sing .
persona
i have studied ballet all my life.
my mother is a ballerina.
i have the support of my whole family.
i plan to retire in 6 months.
i'm a white dancer.
persona II
i go to high school.
i am a boy.
math is my favorite subject.
i play ice hockey.
dialogue
big game against the rams tomorrow , but gotta finish this algebra paper first !
how are you doing today
just a little stressed , our defense has not been good and being a goalie with that is stressful !
oh i'm sorry i hope it gets a little better
its hockey , it comes and goes . at least i have got algebra , this stuff calms me down .
omg i hate math i'm not good at it
haha , its my favorite subject . when i graduate i wanna go to college for it !
i loved english that was my favorite subject
yeah , all the girls are good at that , makes it easy to find a cute tutor .
i did not need a tutor lol
i don't either , really . but its a good excuse lol
lol i bet it is
so what are you up to today ?
cleaning and taken care of my kids
ah yeah ? how old are your kids ?
11 months and 5
persona
i can knit.
my sister is a guitarist.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
persona II
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i am considered a nerd by many.
i'm very good at math and science.
i love computers.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
dialogue
hey . how are you doing on this wonderful night ?
i am well just reading jane austins pride and prejudice
that was movie also was not it ?
if it was i haven't seen it .
i have seen a little bit of it . maybe you
no i don't get much time to watch movies . i'm a teacher .
oh wow . that is wonderful . what grade do you teach ?
i am a tutor for english literature , bit teacher sounds better . ll
ll . you might as well be that if you are teaching others .
i feel i am , what do you do ?
i am a correctional officer .
that sounds scary but rewarding .
it can be depending on whats going on , but its not worth the bs .
be is no good unless its a college degree . ll
ll , that i do agree with you on that !
my stupid autocorrect is malfunctioning .
persona
i'm next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
i have five cats.
madonna is my sister.
persona II
my favorite band is one direction.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to ski in the winter.
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
good . my 5 cats are a menace tonight tho .
that sounds like a huge hassle . i'm mary nice to meet you .
hi mary , it is good to meet you .
i currently live in colorado . where are you from ?
california . my brother is a director . he was married to madonna once .
do you listen to madonna ? my favourite musicians are one direction !
i did . not when her and guy were visiting .
anything else you enjoy to do ?
well , i make blue sweaters . its my favorite color .
that's awesome ! i enjoy to ski during winter , it is very cold here .
where is here ? i'm outside of la .
colorado ! it may be cold during winter but spring time is very beautiful .
i have been to denver a few times .
did you like it there ?
it was fun . never went in the winter tho .
persona
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
my favorite band is creed.
i am a carnivore.
my father is in prison.
i enjoy running.
persona II
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i like to bake brownies.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hi'm doing well . how about yourself ?
ya , my best friend came to visit me from tanzania , so having great time .
cool . where are you from originally ?
come on , you know . i m from kenya .
i've never been but i am sure it is a beautiful land . do you listen to music ?
yes , very often . when i bake brownies , i turn on my music . how about your taste ?
i like to eat weed brownies and jam out to creed .
weed ? that too in brownies ? i'm laughing louder !
haha . yeah i get high . my work interferes with my getting high
seriously ? tell me about your work then , especially your dressing ?
i like ceasar and italian dressing . i love steaks too
wow , good to know , what will happen if you go to your office with flip flops ?
i actually just quit my job and am on welfare .
persona
i'm a medical file clerk.
i'm from baltimore md.
i have six tattoos , all of cats.
i've a pencil thin mustache.
persona II
i have five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i have the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
dialogue
hi there how is your day going ?
good , i've lots of tattoos
wow i only have 3
i've 6 , and 56 pigs
pigs ? i've a dog he's special he introduced me my 1st and 2nd mrs
all my tattoos are of cats
o really why is that
i have no idea . lol
i have a gene that i am able to know when you wat asparagus weird huh
yes , yes that's weird weird weird
lol do you like steaks i am about to cook some medium rare are my fave
oh i ove them ! i want one
lol what do you like to do on your spare time
i have a i have a thing mustache . nice
so do you have kids ?
yes i've 47 kids
persona
during the week i go to college to become a lawyer.
i collect single malt scotch.
i live in a tiny house to save money.
i tend bar on the weekends.
persona II
i love eating at mcdonald.
my parents both are school teachers.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
i want to own a house on a beach.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
dialogue
i just picked up mcdonald for dinner . i am about to grub !
lol really ? i can't afford that lol trying to save
i live with my parents . they make bank teaching at the school in town .
really ? like scotch ? i do alot .
i don't drink unless i'm watching nascar . a beer and the races make for a great sunday .
i like to hang out in the bar on the weekend
there's a great bar near the beach . i wish i owned a house there !
my house is small i go to college weekdays
gotta live somewhere . do not feel bad ! you do college , i listen to pop music . simple pleasures .
i like r b an jazz lol
i listen to what makes me happy . r b has good beats . the lyrics are negative .
not too me depends on the artist really
true . same could be said for pop i guess . you are right !
yes lol i like pop an some songs off the chains
jazz is also good . quick , name your favorite jazz artist .
i want to be a lawyer
persona
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i enjoy shopping online.
i enjoy swimming.
i'm a mother.
i used to work for monsanto.
persona II
i can t go a single day without eating ice cream.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
my favorite activity is fishing.
dialogue
i just got back from floating on the river which i love , what have you done today ?
i just returned from my daily swim .
love to swim too . i really enjoy exercise , i once ran the mile in under 4 min !
impressive ! i have been taking my son for swim lessons all week .
cool ! my only downfall is ice cream , i've to eat it daily ! lol
lucky for you swimming burns lots of calories !
true enough ! ha i love to fish also but it can get boring .
river floating is wonderful for relaxing your mind too .
very much so ! what are your favorite activities ?
i love reading fantasy novels and shopping web stores . how about you ?
i don't read a lot , but i love online shopping so convenient !
yes and it is much easier than dealing with crowded stores .
yes , hassle free for sure .
what do you do for a living ?
persona
my favorite band is the avert brother.
i love to travel.
i'm a psychology major.
i enjoy broadway shows.
persona II
i like to listen to rap music.
my car is black.
my favorite song is california love.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
dialogue
just fyi i am a gangsta with driving fast black cars listening to rap like 2pac my fav .
ok , well i like the avert brothers
do they sin california love ? if not they suck . its my favorite song . .
no . would you talk about the gangsta life ? for my psychology thesis .
cool ask me anything jees i'm tip top gangsta homie ! i got my glock ready to fire
you sound like one of my shows i watch on broadway
you have no idea who your talking to homie , do not call me no broadway trash
sorry , so are you a gang banger then ?
duh dunce , you like messing with dangerous people like me huh ? we you beter step back
i study people like you . in and out of prison
prison ! i loved all the homies when i was in there . top dog they called me
i travel all over to interview people . leavenworth , walpole , corcoran
thought you'd ask about the name topdog . see i have to be on top . always
i just figured it was an ego thing . you think highly of yourself
like physically top i mean loving the homies is hard work . . .
lots of people are gay for the stay
nice one dude you are the new top dog for me homie
that's quite a compliment . thanks
persona
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
persona II
my name is todd.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my favorite hero is superman.
i love comic books.
dialogue
hi , i am todd , when i grow up i want to be superman ! how are you ?
wow awesome . my last name is juarez , my family is from sicily .
i read comic books everyday , what do you do ? love italy !
i work in the tech industry , kinda have a knack for it .
never been to sicily , is it like italy ? what is a tech industry ?
yes it sure is . i work with computers . give them orders and they listen well .
i pretend to be superman and save people . i've xray vision
what an unusual skill . you could probably make a lot of money with that .
people listen to superman , too . computers mind ? like kids ?
yes , computers will act just like children if you let them .
i do not have any money . when i save people they just say thanks
give them an invoice next time . freedom isn't free . you know ?
are they grounded when they don't ? stood in the corner ?
all computers have some kind of grounding . it protects the user from electrocution .
persona
i am in gymnastics.
i work as a scientist.
i like the beatles.
my parents were scientists.
i'm well built and tall.
persona II
i study philosophy at mass.
i love going to concerts.
my eyes are brown.
i am a vegan.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
dialogue
hey there , tell me about yourself
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am tired , i am studying philosophy at mass . . lots of homework
that seems tough . i am a scientist , so know the struggle of long days
you think you know the struggle ? are you even vegan ? i'm actually vegan
no , i'm not . i'm pretty well built though
really ? what color are your eyes ? mine are brown
brown eyes . . just like the beatles song . i love them
wow , you know what i love ? going to concerts . .
too bad the beatles are not around anymore . we could go together .
i am pretty wild , i don't know if you could hang
oh i can hang . you have not met me yet
look i am a proper badass , like angel tattoo on my hip and everything .
whoa . . angel tattoo . . okay , i probably can't hang
persona
i am an army ranger.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
i am not afraid to die.
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
persona II
i am a savage.
i love the outdoors.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i have no technological skills.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
pretty good and alive how are you
about the same . so what do you do ?
i'm a deployed army ranger how about you ?
oh that's pretty cool ! i work for discovery channel
that sounds really cool any perks of the job ?
yea i get to be outside all the time and not in an office
i hear you i think sometimes that's the only way i know how to live
i am with you . how is being an army ranger ?
i like it i am just used to the army living
yea do you travel a lot ?
i used to not too much now how about you ?
oh ok . i travel some depending on where i'm going to be doing videos for work
i have two kids and a wife back in the states do you have a family ?
persona
i don't like to eat meat.
i like fruit.
my favorite fruit is apple.
i like green apples.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
persona II
i like to play soccer.
i've a little sister.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
i have a golden retriever.
my favorite subject in school is math.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
hi . i'm doing good , thank you . you ?
i'm a math professor because my favorite subject is math
that is impressive . do you have any hobbies ?
i play soccer from time to time . . .
what is your favorite food ?
it would have to be pizza
i like vegetarian pizza . but my favorite food is fresh fruit .
what about fast food ?
very rarely . somehow , i'm not into meat that much .
well my little sister does not like meat that much either
does she like apples ? i could live on them .
persona
i'm in medical school.
i really wanted to be an actor.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
both of my parents are doctors.
persona II
my hobby is sewing.
i've a garden in my yard.
i am a cashier at a grocery store.
i like to make fresh pies.
dialogue
how is the weekend treating you ?
i am tired . going to medical school can be exhausting !
i wish i had gone to college . i am work in a grocery store now
well i really would have rather gone into acting .
being a doctor will be more rewarding i think . maybe you can still act as a hobby
i love community theater . i love to act there between classes .
i love to sew on the weekends . it is important to pursue your interests
it is ! are you married ?
i am . my husband married me for my homemade apple pie recipe .
that is funny ! i am not married and love a girl who does not know it .
you should tell her . life is short
yes . my mom and dad are doctors and all they do is work .
they should make time for themselves too . it sounds like you need to embrace life
i think you are right . i would love your pie recipe !
anytime ! i would love to share it with you
that would be great . what do you do on the weekends ?
persona
i've a dog and two cats.
i like to go for runs.
i play the guitar.
i live by myself.
i like country music.
persona II
my mother has her own fashion brand.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
i'm a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
dialogue
hi , i am marsha . i am a accountant
hi marsha . hows it going
good . do you like hiking ?
yea i do go for runs
i enjoy it a lot .
that's nice . do you like music . i love country
i love country music as well ! !
wow we should hangout sometime . i'm all by myself
do you like fashion ?
well , . i do have a dog and cats . if that counts
lol i love cats and dogs
say what . i wish they could go on runs with me
persona
i tend to work myself up.
i just want my voice to be heard.
my back hurts chronically.
i am an old soul.
i am passionate about a lot of things.
persona II
i married my high school sweetheart.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i have 3 kids.
i like the group the rolling stones.
i don't eat healthy.
dialogue
hi . i just ordered some pizza . what about you ?
sitting here with the heating pad on my back ! i'm jane , and you ?
i am angie . i know all about pain . my 3 kids run me ragged .
this back thing is chronic . they say probably stress related .
maybe try listening to music to relax . i love the rolling stones .
i like them . its totally my fault . get myself worked up over little things !
i cannot complain too much . i'm very unhealthy . all i consume is soda and junk .
with 3 kids probably all you have time for . i've one . swamped always !
ll . i love them though . luckily my high school sweetheart is an awesome dad . you ?
my guys great . one complaint i feel like they never hear me !
i understand . i feel like my dog hears me better than him .
so much i have passion for . soul has been around for ever ! you ?
i feel like i have a pretty young soul .
i think it feeds my need to be heard . days i wish mine was young !
i think i am just going to let the kids order out tonight . i am tired .
my hubs cooked ! i really should not complain ! you should and rest .
persona
i am strong.
i'm tall.
i'm young.
i never eat veggies.
i love to run fast.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i am a vegetarian.
i love pandas.
i'm starting a new juicing bar.
i love to surf.
dialogue
so i've a new business idea ! wanna hear ?
sure what kind of business ?
a bar on the beach but the kinds that sells fruit juices , esp . lemonade !
what beach hopefully not florida
swampland usa ! of course not . cali baby !
swampland too funny what kind of juices like mango ? pineapple ?
i'm thinking lemonade base but mango pineapple infusion w flower on side
just drinks ? no food ? or some snacks ? snacks that make you thirsty would help sell more drinks
that is a good idea , actually ! i think i will incorporate a side of salty , dried starches
yummy . . . with paper umbrellas ? what cost would the drinks range for
definitely with those little tiny origami , handmade cute umbrellas . 6 . 00
not too expensive sounds good good luck with your burgeoning business
persona
my boyfriend is in acting school.
i'm constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
nachos make me happy.
i work in a movie theater.
i hate popcorn.
persona II
i draw comic books.
my favorite show is scobby doo.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
dialogue
comics books is my favorite thing to draw
comic books are cool i love watching movies and recording movies
what about scooby doo is the best , its my favorite show !
i watched that growing up . are you in school
no ! dr pepper and black gum , yum , but not at the same time !
i have never had black gum before .
during the day i work in the corner store , it sell groceries !
i'm a concessions manager at the movie theater
scooby doo is my favorite show !
what is your favorite and least favorite food ?
dr pepper and black gum , but not at the same time !
i love nachos but don't eat popcorn it doesn't taste good at all
persona
i have 2 dogs.
i like to go hunting.
i like to play video games.
i don t like broccoli.
persona II
i have a cat.
i wait tables at a cafe.
my mother was a nurse.
i like to be alone.
dialogue
hi want to get to know each other
hello , are you staying in on this horrid , rainy day ?
i am . i enjoy my own company
that is why i am a gamer .
that sounds awesome . i am a waitress
do they serve broccoli at your restaurants ? are dogs allowed ?
no dogs , but we have all the veggies ! do you like dogs ?
i love dogs , i have two of them .
my cat would not like that
are you a hunter , or have you ever been ?
no i could never do that
i grew up hunting and fishing . what are your hobbies ?
i like to play video games
me too , my favorite is fallout .
i like racing games best
need for speed is my go to for racing games .
persona
i love the color pink.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
i love pasta.
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
persona II
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i'm a college student who is a full time working mom.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i make and me by waiting tables.
dialogue
i am exhausted . being on your feet all day is hard work
the best way to recharge is a bowl of pasta !
after serving food all day i don't think i can look at a bowl of pasta
bummer ! maybe a quick swim outside would do the trick ?
no time for a quick swim , i am either waitressing , caring for kids and studying
i am a student too . my favorite music to study to is britney spears .
i am studying to be a doctor . what kind of school teaches that ?
medical school ? at least you'll get to wear pink scrubs !
yeah from one uniform to another . at least i will be making more than 2 . 15 hr
that's good . in my ideal job , i'd be outside most of the day .
what job is that ? my kids would like that job probably .
i'd lead hiking groups . maybe even take them swimming my favorite !
sounds like you'd make a good teacher .
yeah , that might be a good fit for me . whatever pays for the pasta !
persona
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i am a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
persona II
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
i'm doing great just got done with work you ?
i am good . tired from a long day of hiking .
sounds like fun . i love being outdoors . my wife and i work at the local zoo .
cool ! i work with marketing stuff . i love it .
how long have you been doing that ?
about 6 years . give or take a little . very rewarding as far as people i meet .
that sounds exciting ! do you have any children ?
one son . he will change the world one day . you ? have any ?
yes , i have a daughter that just graduated and she ranked at the top of her class .
awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! she will change the world one day too !
yes i hope so ! so , do you have any plans for this evening ?
probably hiking . i bought some new pink hiking boots .
new shoes are always fun . i'm just going to make dinner and relax .
that sounds like a peaceful evening . i hope it is as grand as it sounds .
thanks ! have fun on your hike ! it is going to get too cold for that soon .
persona
i have one child.
i enjoy gardening.
i work for a clothes retailer.
i own two boxer dogs.
persona II
my favorite drink is coke.
i like bagels with everything on them.
i like to make cookies.
i like to train dogs.
i like to run.
dialogue
hello how are you ?
i'm doing good . i have been out in my garden today . love gardening
i train dogs for a living , and love to drink coke while i'm training
you do ? maybe you could train my 2 boxer dogs . they are a bit rowdy
i am an avid runner , i have to be because i love baking cookies so much
i run a lot at work in a clothing store . retail gets busy
before i run in the mornings i like to eat a bagel with all the trimmings
that sounds good . you should come pick some fresh ingredients from my garden
i should bake you some cookies sometime and drop them off to you
i'd love that and so would my daughter . its just her and i
i'd love to visit your garden
you are free to come over any time
does your daughter like dogs ?
yes , she loves dogs . raised with our boxers
would you like me to bring some bagels as well ?
i'd love that . what else do you enjoy ?
persona
i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
i play soccer professionally.
my favorite food is pizza.
my idol is theirry henry.
i went to stanford.
persona II
i'm the president.
i have lots of cash.
i've been bankrupt and back.
i used to own several casinos.
dialogue
hello . i am a very important person . can you guess how ?
hello from stanford . theory henry is my idol . no clue .
i paid to be elected and now there are regrets .
my wife often days that with our 2 kids . how so ?
many ways . i am rich , i play with the system . , i encourage gambling . . .
professionally i play soccer and ponder world pollution in my free time .
that seems fun . what is your soccer position ?
gambling is something political ambitions are . the game of chance
that's totally right . so many chances are hard to deal with though . . .
forward and some goalie when needed .
that sounds fun ! can you do the splits ?
as is life and many things in the world today . school politics included
my sons like soccer . . . and football too . i like cards . do you ?
can you do a back bend or a plank for 3 minutes
persona
i am in the navy.
i listen to folk music.
whittling is my favorite hobby.
i'm an orphan who was in the foster care system.
persona II
i m twenty years old.
i love to read fiction.
i m a student at a small community college.
i work at a hospital.
dialogue
hi ! do you have any hobbies ?
i often cut wood statues i like to use oak how about you
interesting ! i love reading fiction and i help at a hospital
i like hospitals they often play folk music my favorite kind
cool ! is wood working your job or do you have another ?
know what is a hobby i am on leave from the navy
wow that great . i am just a student at the local community college
i loved college it got me out the foster care system
nice what was your major ? i am trying to go to medical school eventually
i was a liberal arts major . do you have kids ?
no i am 20 so i am trying to figure my life out . do you ?
i don't have children mostly because i lost my parents as a child
oh wow i am sorry for your loss
thank you but it was a long time ago
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?
plan in event with lots of folk singers in the future
persona
i live in the mountains.
i'm a lawyer.
my hobby is photography.
i do not own a television.
i know how to pilot a plane.
persona II
i love the game halo.
yellow is my favorite color.
i work for a magazine.
i love to workout.
i like to read.
dialogue
hi ! want to play halo ?
hello , sure ! i was playing fallout earlier .
awesome ! halo is my favorite . what do you do for work ?
i am an attorney , criminal defense .
nice . what do you do for fun ?
photography , i live on top of a mountain and the views are breathtaking .
sounds amazing ! i love mountains , great for exercise !
they sure are . i have my own plane too , no need for a tv .
wow ! i do not make that much money at the magazine i work for .
have you thought about going back to school ?
maybe , i do enjoy reading .
who is your favorite author ? mine is dean koontz .
james paterson . what is your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
mine is purple , my plane is purple too .
neat , where do you like to go on your plane ?
to the beach , i'm an avid surfer .
persona
i m learning to play the guitar.
i work at the deli counter.
i like to go fishing.
i m a college drop out.
persona II
i like to garden.
i like photography.
i love traveling.
i like to bake pies.
dialogue
hi my name is mandy how are you
names jack , i work at the deli counter
i work at a nursery and have a large home garden
that is awesome and i learned to play guitar . and love to go fishing
i travel yearly and have a eye for scenic views
i dropped out of college and i know things will change in my life
college is over rated but i love baking pies on weekends
yeah it is not something i want to do .
i wanna be a photographer but i probably not good at it
how will you know if you don't try .
i have but nothing print worthy but maybe one day your right
well if you try and make it possible things can change for the better .
same can be said for you i hated college
me too , no matter how i tried and wasn't happy
i feel ya and i skipped a grade in middle school so go figure
wow that's awesome . i really want to work for my own .
persona
i have a son.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
my husband works for the government.
persona II
i don't treat my girlfriend very well.
i am a lesbian.
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i love to sing.
dialogue
i've ever had a broken heart because of a friends character ?
hm . . that is a bad thing . .
i expected my best friend from college to be on my birthday party but she didn't .
it happens some times . . move on
i was shocked and i cannot stop thing what i wronged her .
what do you do in ur free time
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine .
i had a friend in my school
but can you advise me on how to do away with that bad feeling .
try to follow a tv series or a movie
okay fine i will try it out and see if it works .
it will definitely work for sure
persona
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i have a lot of style.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
i love kids.
persona II
i work for a magazine.
i love to workout.
i love the game halo.
yellow is my favorite color.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i just got off from working for a magazine . you ?
hi , i am doing well . i just got off work as well , i am a teacher
what grade do you teach ? what do you do after work ?
kindergarten . i like to organize my class room at the end of the day
i tried to take all my aggression out in a good workout . i love hitting the gym .
nice ! i've gone to the gym once in my life
ll ! are you a big gamer ? i love playing halo .
no , i do love helping kids with their future though
that is very nice . what is your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
i like back and purple
every time i think of black and purple , maleficent and ursula come to mind .
very true ! maybe i'm just a villan
well , we need to work on your evil laugh . muhaahaahaa ! ! !
i'll just give my students extra homework haha
that is truly wicked of you . ll ! !
well i think its almost time to go
persona
i teach a yoga class.
i enjoy nature.
my favorite food is salad.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
i still live with my parents.
i am currently unemployed.
summer is my favorite season.
i've a cat.
dialogue
hey there ! do you like animals ? i have a pet cat right now .
i like anything that is outdoors !
outdoor animals ? cool . is your favorite season summer , like mine ?
i like all seasons . fresh lettuce and veggies are good in the summer
yum . i wish i could afford lots of fresh veggies . i hate being unemployed .
what kind of work did you do ?
i used to be a teacher at a daycare , but it went out of business .
my mom taught second grade .
cool ! luckily , i live with my parents at the moment . mom teaches fifth grade !
small world ! i live at home too !
it can really be a blessing to be able to live with parents .
it sure can . i teach fitness classes but it doesn't pay well .
i hope that you can get a raise soon ! i bet you deserve it .
i like to think i do . hope you find a new job soon
thank you very much . i'll keep hunting .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to play with summer , my kitty cat . she likes the laser pointer .
how long have you had this cat ?
persona
i recently moved to florida.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
twilight is my favorite book series.
i only surf when the tide is low.
persona II
i like collecting rocks.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love the smell of beans.
i love zumba.
i love huge paintings.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
bummed out . the tide is too high too surf . i like them low .
that is unfortunate . sumba will make you feel better
wonder if they have sumba in florida , just moved here .
nice ! florida reminds me of the smell of beans . love that
beans . you like the smell ? cooking i hope .
yup good old aromatic floridian beans
hmm , i will have to try them have you read twilight series yet ?
no i have not . but i'm a dragon ball z fan
i like dragon ball z okay , but vampires are my favorite .
cool do you have any collectibles ? i got dbl figures lots of rocks
yugioh and pokemon cards and memoriblia
persona
i am an only child.
my name is nancy.
i like barbies.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i m a girl.
persona II
i can knit.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my sister is a guitarist.
i like going barefoot.
dialogue
how are you doing today
good , thanks . hi , i am nancy .
what is your hobby ? what do you like ?
i love playing with barbies and singing my favorite song . .
i like to dance a lot
cool . can we dance together ? i have no brothers or sisters .
i'd rather dance with my dog
that's ok . i am used to being alone .
i love my dog . you should get one .
i'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world . . . no dogs .
do you have any hobbies
yes , singing and playing with barbie dolls . you ?
i like to make blankets
cool . can you make a blanket for my barbie ?
i could . what color would you like it ?
pink , of course ! do you have a favorite color ?
persona
i've tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i'm a financial analyst for a brewery.
persona II
i've 3 children.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i drive an suv.
i've a law degree.
i've 3 dogs.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm great how are you ?
just enjoying a quiet weekend at my vacation home in the smokey mountains
i would rather spend the weekend at a casino
well that does sound fun but with three children and three dogs it would be hard
i run numbers for a brewery
i'm a lawyer and deal with environmental law
is that a real degree ?
yes it is . although big boo i like my suv
i spent time on many continents and seven countries
then you have seen some beautiful places . i am jealous
i drink heavily to forget the horrors of korea
i understand that my dad has ptsd from vietnam
it is hard sleeping at night
yes i am sure it is .
do you like tacos or pizza better ?
persona
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i am a musician.
persona II
she taught me to cook.
my mother is from russia.
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
i've a dog.
she died when i was 18.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing alright . you ?
i'm fine . just thinking about my mom .
is she still alive ? good thoughts ?
no , she passed away when i was 18 . thinking about russian recipes she taught me ,
that's interesting . what is russian food like ?
hearty and tasty , that's why i opened a restaurant 3 years after she died .
what was her favorite ? or yours ?
i loved her borchst better than any i ever had . i love ine as well .
fancy stuff huh ? well i enjoy creating music myself . mom inspired a few of my pieces .
that's great . my dog and i love music .
animals huh ? how many you got ?
persona
my husband just decided to leave me.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i enjoy ice cream.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
i am 50 years old.
persona II
i work at a coffee shop.
i've three roommates.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i have an eyebrown piercing.
both of my parents are teachers.
dialogue
hi there ! chatting from work at starbucks !
starbucks would be so nice . i need a break from all these kids and animals .
tell me about it . i live with three roomies and they drive me batty .
well i am getting rid of one of my roomies . my husband is leaving me . good riddance .
i would say sorry but you seem happy about it so yay !
there is good and bad . but , there is always ice cream to cheer me up .
yum , my mom and dad are teachers . we meet up weekly for ice cream .
what do you do for a living ?
my sis and i are in a band grunge . and i work at starbucks .
wow ! that's neat . i like a little older music since i'm 50 .
i am 43 . i need to get rid of my pierced eyebrow . getting too old for it .
you are never too old . i should try that to cope with the responsibility of the kids .
you sound like a super cool mom !
you are so nice . did you have any kids ?
no , just my 3 year old niece mia . i adore her .
how cute . 3 year olds are fun little people . you must be a fun aunt .
persona
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
i hate that my mom made me get braces.
people say i talk when i'm not supposed to.
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
i could eat less.
persona II
i love eating at mcdonald.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
my parents both are school teachers.
i want to own a house on a beach.
dialogue
if you want after hour eats , mcdonald has some great mocha frappes
that is very tempting , i eat way too much fast food .
me too . i probably shouldn't but my folks are super busy with work
i hate these braces mom made me get , its so hard to eat healthy food .
you could put it in a blender . that is what nascar racers to before a race
that is a great idea ! i really want to be a vegetarian for my health .
i would rather be rich . that way i can get an ocean home and good doctors .
money is great , but happiness is important , too . i would rather be an animal doctor .
i think happiness is an illusion which money can help with .
sometimes , but cartoon ponies make me happy . . . being rich , i could get a real pony !
forget ponies . watch some auto racing . i do every sunday if nascar is on
i really love ponies , though . i draw them all the time , all over my books !
my parents hate it when their students scrawl all over their school books
i just cannot help it . people tell me to stop talking about ponies so much . . .
persona
i'm a travel agent.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
my parents own a business that i am now running.
i like fitness.
persona II
my favorite sport is hockey.
i avoid eating sugar.
i like rollerblading.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
hi ! i love to jog and snorkel . my favorite spot is the carribean .
have you ever rollerblade or play hockey ? that is my favorite !
no . i'm more drawn to travelling to and playing around warm spots on earth !
i prefer snow and the cold do you have a favorite food ?
jamaican . i love curry and goat . eat it every chance i can get .
i like foods with spices too . i usually stay away for a lot of sugar .
i need to stop sugar too . going to barbados soon gotta fit into a bathing suit
a balance diet is best . that is what i stick to . my parents are from barbados .
really ? you should let me set up their travel plans . that is what i do .
i heard alaska is beautiful for vacation
it is . but i still like the caribbean islands the best .
persona
i've 10 piercings.
i like to drive for hours.
i can t live without my friends.
my favorite food is italian.
persona II
i m an only child.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
dialogue
hi , do you go to the gym ?
sometimes , to work off all the pasta i eat . how about you ?
i've to workout or else i'll be ugly .
dang , low self esteem ? do you have many friends ?
sure . they make fun of me though for spending 2 hours on my hair and makeup
i bet you are pretty on the inside . any piercings ?
my ears , belly button and tongue . do you like piercings ?
i do , i've 10 myself
my ears have 2 each , one on each are gauged .
that is awesome . do you like long drives ?
i love long road trips , honestly , i really just want to find a husband .
that is great , i love to drive for a long time . you single ?
i am . otherwise it would be strange to be looking for someone lol .
you never know thought . could just be unhappy
i suppose , though i believe everyone should be happy .
that is true . do you have any pets ?
persona
i've never kissed a woman.
people notice how organized i'm.
i love to gossip.
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
persona II
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i like to take cold showers.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i sing in the shower.
i drive a moped.
dialogue
hello
hello
i'm looking for fellow video gamers . my personal favorite is halo 3 . what about you ?
sorry i don't play games
oh , bummer . what about adventure ? i cruse fast on my moped
i'm a homebody . i watch tv everyday
i am a little antisocial also . i can never keep eye contact without looking away !
me too lol
i like to sing , but only in the shower . scared of what others would think lol
what do you do for a living ?
professional halo 3 player
really ? how do you get paid ?
persona
i love my impala.
summer is my favorite season.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
persona II
i've 3 kids.
i know karate.
i'm an avid artist.
i want to go to mars.
dialogue
hello how are you ? i'm good .
hello there , what are you doing ?
not much , just got back from my martial arts class .
oh , i just cleaned my impala . i love it so much .
i don't really enjoy cars , but i would love to travel in a spaceship .
you must love martial arts . i love my car and fishing .
i love my kids , making art , and practicing my martial arts .
the space seems nice , but summer is what i really like
summer is not my favorite season , but the kids like it and they play out side .
you listen to radio ? i enjoy listening to programs
i like to watch television , especially educational shows .
what season you like ? tv shows ? like what ?
i do not enjoy the sun outdoors . but i like astronomy and science shows on public television .
how many kids you have ?
i've three total , all boys
astronomy ! you really like space !
persona
my name is mary.
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
persona II
i only eat organic food.
i am allergic to dust.
i collect comic books.
i've an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am mary , nice to meet you !
nice to meet you too .
what are you up to ?
i am reading a comic book
i wish i had time to do that , it is all work for me , even on weekends .
where do you work at
i work in a doctors office , i'm a receptionist .
what is that kind of job like ?
i'm studying to become a radiologist at my local college .
what brought you into that ?
my boss let me know of the pay and i had to get in on it .
yeah , i heard that was a lot of money
it is mostly paperwork management and also incoming calls .
that doesn't sound bad
anything else exciting about you ?
persona
my hair is curly and dark.
i have two children.
i don't like to clean house.
i sell clothing on facebook.
persona II
since my dog died i m incomplete.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
i live in a house with a yard.
i'm an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
dialogue
hey my friend how are you doing ?
hello my pal i am doing great . how are you ?
kids woke me up got to cook breakfast and glad you doing good
cool ! i've two kids . they are messy .
husband cleans nice just trying to wake up
i hate cleaning ! i'd rather be on facebook .
facebook is fun i just want to let dog out get some hardwood floor for the house .
what is the name of you little dog ?
little and just want to draw relax see how i want to create my new back yard
the name of your dog is little ?
little is a good name and hope your day goes good
i hope your day goes good too . what do you hate the most ?
won't be good now little past away just miss him husband been taking care of me
i am so sorry for your loss . he's in dog heaven .
it be okay my sons is my world and thanks
tell your son i said hello . i hope he is well .
persona
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i have a cheap car my dad gave me.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i am a writer.
i enjoy going to museums.
i have ten nieces and nephews.
dialogue
how are you this evening ?
oh , i am fine , eating cookies now so greasy and unhealthy
ooh yummy . very healthy but tasty !
i hope it is healthy , i try to stick to a healthy diet
i just eat whatever . i should probably watch my figure living in nyc though
my dad gave me a cheap car , i hope i can drive to nyc
that was very nice of him . there are so many cool museums here you should visit
it will be easy for me because i'm energetic and skinny
only time i get exercise is running around my 10 nephews and nieces
you have a big family , i run fast with my family for long miles .
i should write about you and your endurance
yeah , it will keep me motivate to stay away from unhealthy diet
persona
i dance ballet.
i'm an only child.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
i'm currently in nursing school.
persona II
i'm a georgia resident.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i like nfl and college football.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
dialogue
hi , i'm from georgia and i'm a big football fan . how about you ?
i'm from alabama . football is fun to watch
you are a crimson tide fan ?
not too much , i am so busy going to nursing school right now
oh , that's great . i am between jobs and bored . joined an nfl fantasy league this year .
sounds like fun . when i am bored i like to dance , specifically ballet
i was never a good dancer . i am an avid reader . love creepy horror books and sci fi
i like to read sci fi too
have you read any piers anthony novels ?
i haven't read any of those novels yet
you should check out his incarnations of immortality series . fantastic !
i went to a christian school , so i mainly read the bible . . .
that is great . i just ordered a new large print bible . my eyes are getting old .
now i find it more interesting than factual . my mom was a sundayschool teacher
i attended a congregation a lot when i was younger . not so much now .
i believe if you are a kind person , that is all that matters !
persona
i'm allergic to cats.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i love scary movies.
i keep my hair cut very short.
persona II
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
my car is over 20 years old.
my dad was a preacher.
my mother was a school music teacher.
i did not finish college.
dialogue
hi there ! my name is jordan , what is yours ?
my name is anna , how are you ?
doing well here , tell me about yourself !
well , i really do love a good scary movie , you ?
not into scary movies , my favorite is the last of the mohicans .
i like them , but i like to keep short hair which is not good to hide behind
mom was a music teacher , so there's always music in our house , less movies .
really ? i am learning piano actually ! !
fabulous ! i took lessons in college for my art degree , but i didn't finish .
cool . my teacher has a cat though and i'm allergic
i recently bought this 22 year old car and i think they had cats !
sounds like a scary movie . i would watch that one
so , what do you do for a living ?
i'm a hair stylist , how its easy for me to keep it so short
that is cool ! you get to try out all the styles and products .
yes , not that i have a lot of hair to try it
persona
i am divorced and looking to date.
i am a professional bowler.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i have two children , a boy and a girl.
i work at an insurance firm.
persona II
i've 3 small dogs.
i've a personal trainer.
i used to be very religious.
i love to ride bikes.
i tutor kids in my spare time.
dialogue
hi there , i am bob .
hey there how are you ?
i'm amazing , how are you ?
i'm doing well . be glad when i'm off work
i ride bikes , do you ?
i like to bowl . i do it for a living
i would like to smoke bowls for a living
okay . . . i take care of my grandparents and my two children
i was religious once , are you ?
i'm very much
i am not i just lift weights now
well that helps relieve stress
gotta get it out after i tutor kids
i bet so . i sell insurance
great , i just ride bikes
i'm recently divorced . but i stay busy
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer baseball over football.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i like sports.
i work for a government agency.
persona II
i am a registered nurse.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i enjoy reading.
i'm a vegan.
i've two smartphones.
dialogue
hello how are you today
his i am just fine what about you
i am doing good just enjoying one of my fav things reading
that sound good , what is your favorite food my is pizza
i am vegan so i love my veggies
i love baseball what about you
no i'm more of a reader but i do love my movies
that sound good am plan to read more also .
cool . my fav movie is pretty women
that good i love to watch bet
i have 2 phones one for work and one for fun
that great i have just one .
persona
i am good at throwing parties.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i enjoy talking to strangers.
i want to live at the beach.
persona II
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
dialogue
hey there good afternoon , like hippos ?
hello ! i like hippos but my favorite are monkeys !
really ? i want to come back as 1 if i die
that would be entertaining . what do you do for a living ?
i am lame an i smoke way to much
bummer . i am thinking about moving to the beach . where do you live ?
2 packs a day is way too many
i agree . how do you think you can cut back ? it is probably expensive .
no clue i do not try
but you want to stop right ?
not sure , like lindsey stirling ?
never heard of her . tell me what she does .
she sings so nice i live for her
ah , i'll look her up !
yes do you will enjoy like meatloaf ?
actually , meatloaf is my favorite food . not the group though .
persona
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i cannot stand salads.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
persona II
i love to take naps.
i love watching basketball.
i sing barbershop and rap.
my eyes are blue.
my favorite season is winter.
dialogue
yo , yo , yo , whats up with you ?
do you like salad ? i cannot stand it .
gross ! i'd much rather nap then eat salad .
my stay at home mom forced me to eat them .
that's the worst ! do you like watching basketball ?
my father sold insurance . he loved basketball . he would always get tickets .
basketball , naps , and winter are the best ! oh and gangsta rap
i always preferred to study . i was valedictorian in high school .
what color are your eyes ? mine are blue
i had to drop out of college to help my grandparents .
awe i am sorry to hear that , are they ok ?
they are fine now . i helped them relocate .
how very nice of you . are you going back to school then ?
i hope to one day . i am not sure .
persona
i moved far from home.
i am skilled in computer repair.
my family owns a farm.
i've red hair.
i like to eat meat.
persona II
i am ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
and , my best friend is abigail.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
dialogue
today i am  years of age , you ?
oh , happy birthday ! i am 37 .
harry potter is awesome ! ! , i really like the books
he sure is ! where do you live ?
near abigail , she is my best friend ever ! ! !
ah , that is cute . do you live in the town or countryside ?
in the town where tomorrow is the first safety patrol day ! !
oh , sounds exciting . i lived on a farm when i was your age .
tean years old is a great age , agree ?
oh for sure . climbing trees , riding bikes , not a care in the world !
harry potter is my book preference human ! comply____
haha , i am a bit old for harry potter but my kids enjoy it ?
persona
i am in my last year of grad school.
i am the worlds best aunt.
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i love trips to the beach.
persona II
i am married.
i have a passion for god.
i love to travel.
my favorite book is the bible.
i'm a older gentlemen.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hey ! i am great , how are you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
what are you up to ?
oh nothing much just reading
cool , i love reading , especially my italian cookbooks !
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a student , finishing up my last year at grad school ! what about you ?
i'm retired now but i used to be a teacher
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? he's in school and says i'm the best aunt ever !
what city are you from ?
i live in california i just love taking my dog to the beaches here everyday !
i'm from cali as well
do you do anything for fun now that you are retired ?
i usual read the bible
cool ! do you like music ?
persona
i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
i started learning japanese at college.
i am tired of having to read subtitles.
i hope to save enough money for it.
persona II
i have 6 toes on one foot.
i have glasses.
i hate skiing.
my favorite book is twilight.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
dialogue
hi how are you today
fine ! i'm tracy , a college student and i love foreign cartoons . are you rich ?
no but my nose was broken
cool ! i listen to audiobooks and speak one asian language . you like sushi ? i do .
its alright do you read books
yes ! whats your name ? you like prozac ? i invest so one day i'll be rich .
its alright do you wear glasses
whats alright ? i'm studying to be a protologist . you have free time ?
a little . how many toes do you have ?
seven . my favorite book is the front runner .
i like twilight they're so dreamy
cool ! you hate subtitles ? i do . my moms a psychologist .
persona
i live in colorado.
i'm married.
my car is blue.
i have an mba degree.
persona II
i am about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i've lived a very sheltered life.
i am 17.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
dialogue
hey , whats up ? what are you doing today ?
hey , not doing much enjoying a day off from work with my husband
i am just sitting around ignoring my homework , i am almost done with those nuns .
seems like you had a rough day . where are you from
i am in new england , how about you ?
i live in denver i love the mountains
awesome . i am going out to uc berkeley next year , gonna party my bootie off !
its best to study and do well too . i went to university colorado got my mba
i would love to go to colorado , i never get to go anywhere .
maybe you'll when you get done with college
yeah studying is all well and good but i cant wait to party !
that is fun to do to . do you have a car
persona
i work as a scientist.
i am well built and tall.
my parents were scientists.
i m in gymnastics.
persona II
i travel a lot.
i like doing art projects.
i am a strong woman.
i'm married.
dialogue
hello , how are you , my friend ?
hello how are you today ?
i am well . just came back from a backpacking trip .
that sound like fun i am a man of science
i love art projects . does that make me a man of art ? haha
i'd like to think so
i feel i'm a strong female because i can carry a heavy backpack .
that's cool because i'm a gymnast
that's so excellent ! since what age ?
since i was 4 , i was raised by scientists
which field of science exactly ?
a little bit of everything
is that possible by profession ?
mostly tech but i am all over the place
i see . my spouse and i travel aplenty for work
that sounds like a great job
persona
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i'm an art teacher.
i like to sew my own clothing.
persona II
my father was born in australia.
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was an author.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
dialogue
hello , do you like to travel ?
hello there , how are you . not too much i like being home .
what country do you live in ?
usa here what about you ?
usa , but my parents are from ireland and australia
that is pretty awesome . do you like thrift shops ?
yes , absolutely love digging for trash and treasures .
i love making new clothes out of old and seeing my kids in class light up
that is truly a gift of frugality . i wish i could sew .
it took me a very long time to learn how . still work in progress .
i'm always practicing my music . i love to sing .
i cannot carry a tune in a bucket . do you work ?
i travel alot , i love ireland and its music .
now that's music i can dance too . always puts a smile on my face
funny , it is very happy and fun .
do you have other hobbies besides travel ?
persona
i went to law school.
i am an excellent baker.
i was born on christmas day.
my landlord is raising my rent.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
persona II
some jokes go too far.
i prefer the simpler times.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
i like simple jokes.
i like the flintstones.
dialogue
hi zach my name how are you
hello , zach . when is your birthday ? mine is christmas .
mine matches the flintstones hence my dogs name dino
what matches the flintstones ? i've a dog too .
my birthday was the last episode my best friend prefer south park
oh , okay . i have never watched south park .
i'm more into simple jokes
i'm a baker , nice thing to do with a law degree , right ?
i have a business degree and i do stand up but i have not filter
i love to bake pies , everyone says my pecan is the best every .
i miss simpler times just watching grandma bake all day
that's what people tell me , even my landlord
well i've not baked since she passes
that is so sad , you really should get in the kitchen .
i do i make a killer caprice salad
that is wonderful . i make a version with pineapple slices , instead of tomato .
persona
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i drive a ferrari.
persona II
i love to swim.
i enjoy being outside.
i love pasta.
i love the color pink.
dialogue
hey ! i just came in from outside . its my favorite place to be !
i'm all about driving , fast and furious !
oh ? swimming is my favorite activity . driving gets boring for me .
you just got to have the right car !
i drive a minivan , lol . definitely the wrong car for speeding around town .
a mini van ? do not think i have ever been in one of those !
you probably wouldn't like it if you were . mine is painted pink . i love that color .
yeah . i'dn't like that ? bet you have a picket fence to match .
sure do ! and a house in the burbs . serving up some pasta for dinner tonight , you ?
i'm all about space . i've a mansion .
nice ! i have got a family . i wish i could have some space !
need to build you one . do you like music ?
persona
my favorite place is the mountains.
my wife is a nurse.
i've 2 kids.
i like to play baseball.
i am a doctor.
persona II
i have several siblings i don t know.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
i work at a local party store.
i was adopted.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
dialogue
vera died without saying goodbye . you adopted ?
no my parents are legit . as are my children . you have kids ?
i clerk at a store . you see faces in clouds ?
all the time . my patients do too . you are so very short
no kids . two dogs same thing . you have pets ?
no , but i've two children whom i love .
i'm adopted but i love christmas . you ?
i'm not religious . my wife is though , she is a nurse .
i think i have sisters i don't know . you know your brothers and sisters ?
i love my sister . we play baseball together and our team is very good .
my birth mother met me at sixteen . vera died . you sing ?
i sing old time tunes , and play a banjo . when i am not in surgery .
any parties coming up ? i can cook . can you ?
i do not party anymore . only go climbing in the hills . where are you
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i listen to podcasts.
i do not have any children.
i live near a park.
persona II
i want a porsche.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i am often late for class.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
dialogue
like i said before , i was late again
late to work ?
oh no , school this time
are you a college student ? why were you late ?
you know that . isabelle , she's just so warm
lol is her favorite color purple ? mine is
ink if dogs can see puris , are you smoking again
oh a dog ! i see dogs all the time in the park i live near
hmmm , well we should walk there . watch the stars
yes watch the stars . no children out at night , i do not have any
wheres my porsche ?
you lost your car ?
you know what i mean , its a porsche or no kids . ever !
lol
you gotta work fo me . ugh , so you gonna give me a ride to school or what
if you can keep up with the podcasts i listen to
persona
i love to listen to music.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
i am a happy person.
i love to take walks.
persona II
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
my name is kevin.
i play the guitair.
i am a student in college.
i'm studying software development.
dialogue
hi , i am kevin . i am in college . how are you ?
hi kevin , i am anna . i am just a generally happy person
cool ! i workout a lot and enjoy learning new things !
maybe i could teach you how to knit or crochet ? its really enjoyable
thanks but i'm more into software development . i play my guitar on my free time .
oh , well i listen to a lot of music . you play in a band ?
no , it is just a hobby . it takes my mind off of things when i play .
well , do you like walks ?
i mostly run as part of my workout .
if you enjoy the lake too , maybe we could go run walk there ?
sounds fun ! i will bring my guitar with me and maybe some homework too !
lets do it . sounds fun
i'm almost done with my software development project , then we can go !
wahoo . sounds like a plan
let us set the date . hopefully we get a good weather .
where are you located at ?
persona
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i like to go to the opera.
i enjoy classical music.
i'm six feet tall.
i love to vacation in paris.
persona II
i'm highly educated.
i'm a carnivore.
my father used to be a butcher.
my only friend is a dog.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good actually . how are you ? any plans today ?
i am going to bring my dog to the park
lucky . i've to get things ready for tonights group event .
whats your event that youre having
a group of us parents are going to an opera tonight .
that's fun i wish i had more friends i just hang with my dog
well , dogs can sometimes be better friends than people .
that's very true they're so loyal
they're . i have two of my own and i love them to death .
i love mine too what other hobbies do you have
i love working on my car actually . only on weekends though . you ?
i sometimes help my dad in his butcher shop
do you get free steaks or meats ?
persona
i m never still.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
persona II
i love to dance.
i don t eat meat.
i'm witty.
i love sharks.
dialogue
hi there , how is your night going ?
it is very good . i had a busy day , but i like busy
what did you do ? i swam with sharks ?
wow , was that scary , i am an airplane mechanic
just kidding ! i am so witty like that
ha i just that's funny . do you like fancy cars ?
i love dancing on fancy cars , yeah haha
lol , i bet the car owners don't love that
they do not have to know ; do you like a good steak ? we should go
i like steak okay . i like old music
that is what i like to heat . a fellow meat lover .
i could cook us steak and we could listen to my records
what else do you like ? i know i was kidding , but i like sharks a lot
just like to keep busy with what ever is in town
oh , so what kind of things ?
concerts , the circus , just going to the gym
persona
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i dropped out of high school.
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i love to read.
persona II
i love meat.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i've a new job selling cars.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to paint pictures.
dialogue
good morning ! what do you do for a living ?
i did not finish highschool so i just read books now !
awesome ! my wife used to be a teacher so education is important to us .
i try to read at least three a week , the same age i learned to read , three !
what a good goal ! i just started selling cars again .
what is your favorite kind of car ?
practically , i like hyundais . for fun i would love a mustang .
i speak two languages , french and english !
nice ! i've been really into painting , so that's my biggest hobby .
we should hangout sometime and you can teach me to paint
i would like that ! we can get some pizza , my favorite food !
i love pizza and reading , my two favorite things .
i especially like pizza with meat on it !
did you finish high school ? i ended up dropping out .
persona
i play football.
my position is linebacker.
i am an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
persona II
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am a hardcore biker.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
i got a girlfriend last month.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hi there ! i'm well . you like football ?
not really , although i do like being outdoors
i am pretty athletic too . i am a linebacker .
that's cool , i like riding bikes , do you like hiking ?
sometimes . but football is really my thing .
breakfast is more of my thing . i like pancakes
haha . breakfast is cool . did you know i made 128 tackles last year ?
that's impressive , almost as impressive as me finding a girlfriend last month !
congratulations ! what is she like ?
she likes hiking a lot , we go hiking with friends all of the time .
that is nice . she's sporty too .
yeah , she is a hardcore biker like me so we get along well
a match made in heaven , then !
persona
i do not get along with my family.
regular life disappoints me.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i enjoy classical music.
persona II
i have trouble losing weight.
i'm a very short woman.
i am near sighted and wear contact lenses.
i love animals.
i don't cook and usually eat out.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hi , i could be better . how about you ?
i'm good thanks for askin
are you happy with your life ?
yes i think i'm
good for you . my life on the other hand , is a total disappointment .
why do you say that ?
my family hates me . i do not get along with them .
is there a reason for that ?
i spend a lot of time at furry parties . i wish i were an animal .
what animal would you be ?
i spend most of my time dressed as a bunny .
are you the easter bunny ?
i wish i were . life would be better that way .
persona
i am a farmer.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i have two pet dogs.
persona II
people do not like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello . i'm good , just came in from a hike
very cool do you go to church
i am a brujeria , nature is my church . my dogs are my congregation
oh do you pray in nature
something like that . i'm a farmer
i like to see people pray in groups
do you do photography ? waterfalls are my favorite .
yeah i make phone apps too
that's very cool . what kind ?
ones to help heal people
that's very cool . i use several
persona
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i'm a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
persona II
i travel every year to disney world.
i have two dogs.
i like to read true crime novels.
i am close to both of my brothers.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
dialogue
hello i've a small dog and a big dog
hi how are you doing
i'm just wonderful how are you today
i'm great just trying to type in between my snake crawling on me
i love to travel disney world is my favorite
i've never been there . how is it ?
awesome my kids and brothers love it
what rides did you go on
don't laugh but i am scared of them
they're so fun . i love the rush .
that is so cool sounds scary
i am very much a thrill seeker
that would explain the snake crawling on you
yeah i just can not help it
persona
we live in a rural area.
i am a woman.
my parents are still married.
i've several children.
persona II
i like playing games online.
i'm a vegetarian.
i'll study computer science.
i am on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
hello i'm doing well how are you ?
am fine . thank you for asking
no problem . what are you up to ?
i'm still a high school student . what about you ?
oh okay . i'm a single parent mom i've 5 kids .
ohh , that's great . what do you do for living ?
i work from home in customer service . how is school going ?
its boring . i want to study with computer science but can't do that
oh well what grade are you in ? my son is in 9th grade .
i'm in 10th grade
i loved my days of high school . are you into sports ?
persona
i'm from mexico.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
i like to go on walks.
i have 2 cats.
i like to bake.
persona II
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i'm twenty six years old this may.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing wonderful and you ?
i am doing ok tonight
awesome , i am not from the united states .
where are you from then ?
how many animals do you have ?
i currently have two dogs
how nice , i've two cats !
what do you do for a living ?
i am currently a teacher . and you ?
i have a crummy job . . . ugh
sounds like a great time !
persona
i'm recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
i'd like to spend more time with my family.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
persona II
i m from austin , texas.
i like to cook new recipes.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like every post i see on social media.
when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
dialogue
hello from the great austin , texas ! how are you ?
i'm good . you ? just graduated
congratulations . i went to culinary school . always cooking new recipes
i went for business . i miss my family
i contact my family a lot on social media , but they never like my posts . its upsetting
mine lives across the country it makes me sad
i understand that sadness . i mean why would they not like the posts of my food !
haha that makes sense i suppose
i like every one of their posts ! it just upset me . tell me about you
i wish i could see my family more really
why do you not go visit them ?
they live so far away from me
where do you live ? how far are they ?
maine and they live in california
i live in utah , and my family live in england , so i understand
that is way farther , i am sorry
persona
i love decorating for christmas.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
summer is my favorite season.
persona II
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i sleep in a princess bed.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
a little sad since my favorite season summer is over
yeah i like summerton do you like being outside
yes , i love fishing so i live outside . what ind of stuff do you like ?
i like playing outside with my dolls and toys
that sounds fun , i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas
christmas is such a fun holiday
yes it is , my family enjoys listening to classic radio programs
do you like to have picnics
i enjoy the sun and food so picnics are great
i love having picnics with my family
that's the best way to enjoy them .
i also really like it when i get flowers
me too they're beautiful
persona
i recently moved to florida.
twilight is my favorite book series.
i am a huge fan of jason mraz.
i want to find out what its like to eat grasshoppers.
i only surf when the tide is low.
persona II
i am caucasian.
i like rollerblading.
i avoid eating sugar.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ? i love rollerblading
hi ! i suck at that ! do you know what its like to eat grasshoppers ?
horrible i bet ! lol i try eating a balanced diet but that is to far for me
i really wanna know ! what do you do for fun ?
rollerblading mostly , i'm white so get sum burnt really easy while out
yes , recently moved to the sunshine state , aka the tornado state now .
ll , it was only a bit of wind wasn't it ?
too much for surfing ! i like low tide , really ! what music do you like ?
reggae rock mostly , how about you ?
jason braz type music . he's my fav . i also like reading .
oh yeah , what books do you like reading ?
do you like twilight ? its my fav book . anything about vampires , i guess .
i don't mind watching the movies , but i'm personally not reading fan
what food do you like , if not grasshoppers ?
well i really like avoiding sugar , so mainly home cooked meals like stew etc
sounds healthy ! do you cook them yourself ? are you married ?
persona
i m getting married in six months.
i m a babysitter.
i've a sweet tooth.
i drive a mercedes.
persona II
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i'm an accountant.
i drive a red car.
i enjoy running.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm great ! i'm craving something sweet .
i never eat sweets , when i crave them i just go for a run .
i should go run since i get married in 6 months .
congrats ! you should , running is great . i listen to bruno mars when i go
the girl i babysit loves bruno mars .
i like her style . he is my favorite ! is babysitting your full time job ?
for now it is . i need money to pay for my mercedes .
is it red ? i have a red one ! ! perfect car for an accountant
it is black like my real honda civic .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a high school teacher in texas .
i thought about being a teacher before i went into accounting
i love my job ! i love my students !
i am happy for you ! what else do you enjoy ?
i enjoy spending time with my 5 year old son . he makes me the happiest person !
persona
my father is a preacher.
my favorite color is purple.
i go to church on sunday.
i've a 3 year old.
persona II
i have 3 kids.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i'm a blackjack dealer.
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am good ! i just got home from church with my 3 year old . how are you ?
i'm good , just took my kids to the playground
great ! my father is the preacher at my church , always happy to see him too !
it must be nice . your father wouldn't approve of my job
what do you do for work ?
i do some illegal gambling . i've a degree in statistics
oh you are right i don't think he would , but that is okay !
i'm in school to be a casino manager so i can become legit and certified
i'm glad you are taking that in school !
what do you do for fun ?
i run an tumblr blog dedicated to purple things it is my favorite colour ! what about you ?
i like to write short stories . i have a thing for dinner theater
really ? that sounds interesting . any particular genre of stories ?
murder mysteries . i like the aspect of who done it themes
clue is one of my favorite board games !
persona
i like to create websites.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i really enjoy reading the news.
i love new technology.
persona II
i sometimes drive fast.
i prefer reading to sports.
i'm a gentle giant.
my family comes first to me.
i've survived near death experiences.
dialogue
hi , fast driver , reader , big and tall , family first survivor . you ?
hey . how are you ? i look new things that are emerging like drones .
chicken wings are our friends . i love to read . you ?
i really like to watch media and finds ways to make cash . and you ?
wow ! one time i made a unicorn cry . i was nearly dead but survived . you ?
i did almost make a website that had a unicorn . you ?
no . has wild lions ever chase you ? my family is first always . you ?
no , no lions . and my family is like that too .
i see people in clouds . you ? i am fast driver too . you ?
no , but i want to create the first airplane that float with no fuel .
hmmm . i'm a jumbo shrimp . you sing ? i do .
no , i do not becuase i like using laptops to write code
merna eats fish bait for snacks . you play sports ? i don't .
i don't play any . i just stay inside .
i wrote a book about coding . you dance ? i do .
no i didn't write a book
persona
i'm 25 years old.
i have a 7 year old daughter.
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i take her to the park.
persona II
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i wish i could speak another language.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you today
hello ! i am good how are you ?
i sit at a computer all day long
oh no ! why is that ?
i love movies and good tv shows
do you watch movies and tv shows on the computer ?
yes ome times i do when i'm bored
that sounds like fun ! do you go outside ?
i love to be outside when its sunny
me too ! i like to take my daughter to the park
i like the park too and my hot color is pink
your favorite color is pink ?
yes very much so its great
i do not know what my favorite color is !
i have a seven year old girl
me too ! where do you live ?
persona
i love rap music.
i love going fishing.
i am single.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
persona II
i was born under a blood moon.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i work some very odd jobs.
i enjoy going on hikes.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
good . i am talking with my mom right you . you ?
i'm trying to plan a hike for tomorrow
that sounds nice , any fishing spots around the hike ? i love to fish
yes there's a bit of water . i might do some fishing myself
fingers crossed you catch something . be sure to play some rap music , fish love rap .
haha is that so ? i hear a lot of rap when i work
hands down that is my favorite music . the music of my people , street people .
it is pretty fly . you ever go anywhere else besides where you live ?
never , though that may be why i'm still single at 40
that is a shame . i have never left the country but i have gone out of states
i have never even left my small town of 500
wow . anything else interesting about you ? the night i was born was a blood moon
i was born on arbor day , so plant a tree in my name
that's actually very sweet . i like that .
right it is a nice way to spend the morning before having a lavish party
persona
i drink a lot of tea.
i hope to one day be a published author.
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
i work in a used book store.
persona II
my favorite tv show is friends.
my brother lives in england.
i've a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite food is sushi.
i own my own business.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm great ! how are you ? what do you like to do for fun ?
i watch lots of tv do you
i like books more , like writing short stories . . . want to get published one day ! you ?
i go to my house in mexico a lot
is this a vacation home ? what do you like to do there ?
yeah its a timeshare haha
how are the museums in mexico ? i really love to check out the art in museums
they are nice have you had sushi
yes , i've ! do you like it ?
yeah it si my favorite ever
tea or coffee for you ? i prefer tea
tea for me i don't like coffee
good choice ! are you married ? any kids ?
neither of those what about you
me neither . do you have any pets ?
persona
i live in the mountains.
i know how to pilot a plane.
i don't own a television.
my hobby is photography.
i'm a lawyer.
persona II
my favorite band is nickelback.
i'm catholic.
i don t know how to swim.
i just started working as a librarian.
i am a vegetarian.
dialogue
hi , what kind of music are you into ?
i enjoy folk music . it is popular where i am from .
great , where are you from ?
the appalachian mountains in east tennessee . it is a beautiful place .
very cool . i live in clearwater florida .
oh , nice ! i have family in florida . i actually learned to pilot planes there .
do you enjoy the beaches here ?
i do , especially in the panhandle . the white sand is so beautiful .
i agree . i love the sunshine here as well .
yes , it is very nice . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a place filled with books .
hmm . . . either a bookstore or a library . . .
yes , i'm a librarian .
that's great ! i love to read . i'm an attorney .
how long does this hit go on ?
it is eight replies each i think .
persona
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i'm excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
i want to write a book before i die.
persona II
i find joy in the littlest things.
i refuse to ride the bus.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
dialogue
hello , what music are you listening to
slipknot . i want to visit the pyramids
oh how exciting ! that would be great
yup . i would like to paint them or something . what do you like to do
i listen to a ton of music , honestly . it is my main pasttime
that is cool . i like art
what do you like to paint or draw ?
like billiards tables , or pyramids . i teach middle school art
how thrilling ! that must be a great job
its alright . they sometimes talk too much
well that is true at that age . i try to work as little as possible
yeah work is lame . i don't like needing money
lol it is lame but can still be a source of joy sometimes
i guess so ! i wanna draw a unicorn next . i like them although i'm an adult
that's random . they can bring joy too though !
yeah . it is random ? i feel like it is normal
persona
i m still single at the age of 35.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
my dog s name is wonwon.
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
persona II
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i like to go to the movies.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hello there ! i am good other than 35 single . lol how are you ?
i'm busy ! i work 3 jobs so i'm always staying active .
i work two jobs ! i'm a teacher spanish drawing classes .
how old are your students ?
6th grade . they get tickled when i cannot say hippopotamus with my thick accent .
where is your accent from ?
japan . i moved here to teach high school about 12 years ago .
wow ! how do you like living here ?
i love it ! so does my dog , won won . where do you live ?
i live in a city so i walk a lot at least 2 miles a day
that is great for exercise !
yes , i try to walk everywhere . though i would love to get a ford mustang someday
i am much more of a chevy girl .
the mustang is my dream car , we can race haha !
yes , we should ! ha ha !
persona
i love to play tennis.
i work as a lifeguard.
i love the chainsmokers.
i also love to travel.
my dad works offshore.
persona II
i love anime.
i draw comics.
i read a lot.
i love role play.
dialogue
hi my name is yumi , and i enjoy anime and draw comics for my work
hello ! i'm a tennis player who enjoys travels , lifeguard worker dad works offshore
nice ! ! i like to read , about different topics . some of my friends call me an encyclopedia
lol , i bet you are fun to be around . do you have an eidetic memory
do you like to roll play ? i do ! ! with my friends .
i'm not really that big in it . do you have hobbies ?
well movies i love going to the movies
what genre is your fav ?
all sorts of genre . what about you ?
i mostly like romance . kinda a sucker for cinderella stories
aww ! ! did you see the movie that disney made about cinderella ?
oh yes , have you ever seen rogers and hammerstein one ? it is like a broadway .
i liked that version a lot
i watched it so much as a kid , i ruined the vhs .
persona
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
i m deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
my favorite color is red.
i really enjoy hiking.
persona II
i m dissatisfied with the school life i ve had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i have one close friend i grew up with.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
i worry about money even though i m in high school.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i'm doing well . just having some tea . how about you ?
doing good just stressing over school , not a big fan . you ?
planning my next hiking trip . what are you in school for ?
still in high school my self but ready to get it over with .
i understand . do you enjoy hiking ?
yeah its fun me and my close friend go exploring all the time
i love it . i just hate when we run into snakes , i'm terrified of them !
oh yeah not a fan , so how old are you ?
i just turned 34 . its a great age . how old are you ?
17 but wish i could fast forward a few years to get my own house
i like having my own home , but it is a lot of work .
yeah but i am ready my parents are to strict on us
i had strict parents . unfortunately , it does not always stop when you move .
well it hopefully can't get any worse .
i will keep my fingers crossed for you .
persona
i like sports.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i prefer baseball over football.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i studied early childhood education in college.
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
i've a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
dialogue
good afternoon , i am trying to get this money
yeah , me too . but , i love sports more !
like puppies ? i do i love mine
lol , no more like i like foot ball over baseball . not pets
i'm in college for childhood
awesome . what is your favorite food ? i like pizza .
i like that too me an tiki
my favorite team is the nationals . how about you ?
i am a teacher already , what do you do ?
inbetween jobs now , i am just enjoying sports right now .
that is cool , like oldies music ?
yeah i do . not as often as i love eating pizza and watching the washington nationals play !
that sounds so cool to me
do you have any hobbies ?
not really just chatting an catching up on money
oh ok . yeah i just enjoy sports myself .
persona
i love to cook.
i am looking for someone.
i have three dogs.
i enjoy fishing.
persona II
both my parents are creative.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i dream of playing music for a living.
i'm a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing good you ?
tired , i've been studying all day trying to make some fresh beats
wow you a producer ? my 3 dogs got me tired haha
no i'm a student at the local university , what kind of dogs do you have ?
they're all bulldogs , i fish alot with my 3 boys
wow those are big dogs , how old are your kids ?
well i call my dogs boys haha , what you mean fresh beats ?
i make music in my spare time , i've to be creative in my family
cool so you do make music , what you taking up in school ?
i am perusing a degree in music degree
that is great , i am working becoming a chef , i enjoy cooking
i should learn how to do that but my dad looks down on it
wow really , a top chef can making 6 figures
persona
i'm a writer.
i just bought my first home.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i love to barbecue.
persona II
i like to eat spaghetti.
my newest car is a chevy.
i live in california.
i work at a power plant.
dialogue
hi , i'll try to make this fast for us lol
lol hows your day going
could be better . wild fires in california where i am from .
o wow yea i been busy unpacking i just bought my home
congrats ! i just bought a chevy . so that's nice .
yes i intend to celebrate doing a barbecue next friday
well that should be fun . i will be working at the powerplant here next weekend . no fun .
well hopefully you be off quick i've to start writing my new article also
sounds interesting . do you like spaghetti ? i do .
yes i do i like many different pasta dishes
me also . what are some other things you like ?
i like to go with my brothers hunting several times a year
fun ! i go hunting too . i enjoy it .
how long have you been going ?
ten years or so . i don't like the meat though . i donate it .
o that's awesome of you
persona
i am a musician.
i like to play video games.
i've been working the same job for two years.
my favorite band is hop along.
persona II
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
dialogue
will you listen to me playing the drums ?
hi . sure . i am jamming out to hop along tonight . what are you doing ?
i am making pizza . listening to my main man drake
yum ! i am thinking of playing a bit of league of legends .
i do not follow that game
video games are awesome ! beats my sad job . two years and i'm bored .
what do you do if you do not mind me asking ?
i work at a recycling company . how about you ?
that's private sorry .
if i wasn't a musician in my spare time , i would go bonkers .
i bet . do you want to go to a restaurant with me ?
where do you want to go ? do you have a favorite food ?
pizza is my favorite . pizza hut maybe
okay . how about next friday night ?
persona
i love to save money.
i am a couponed.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
i enjoy horseback riding.
i am a full time mom.
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother to two beautiful boys.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am great how are you ?
i am good dropped my kids off at school
that is great , how many do you have ?
3 little ones do you have kids
i've five but they are all married now
that's nice do you see them often
every weekend they come by to visit
that's so great i hope my kids do that when they're older
i am sure they will if they live close enough .
yeah that is true do you like the outdoors
absolutely i love to go camping during the week
i take the kids on family camping trips
those are the best , mine always loved our trips .
yeah its a great family bonding time
do you have a lot of kids ?
persona
i own 3 cats.
i love candy.
i'm a very funny woman.
i deliver packages for a living.
i drive a honda car.
persona II
i can play the violin.
i can t sing very well.
i love chocolate.
i'm from georgia.
i want to have two kids.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
great , got my weekly candy delivery today ! ! and you
i am well . do you all have chocolate . i love it .
chocolate is a favorite ! so many ways to eat it lol
yes . lol . where are you from ? i was born in georgia .
i was born in florida , so not far ! love the warm weather
florida is beautiful . i cannot wait to have kids . i want two .
okay , no kids here . . just 3 kitties . kids scare me lol
lol ! can you sing ? i am not very good at it .
oh no i am terrible . . . only in the shower do i sing lol
i sing only in the shower too . lol !
what kind of music do you like
i like gospel music . what about you ?
country is my style . . . some shania twain
persona
i've a very unhealthy diet.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
persona II
i m originally from london , england.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
dialogue
hello mate , how are you today
just eating some pizza rolls with a dr . pepper . what about you ?
hanging out in my room , in the dark .
that's more than a little strange
oh yea , where are you right now ?
i'm at home . trying to resist the urge to run around like a crazy person
i love the outdoors too ! i hope you aren't crazy
no not really . but i have excess energy
i think you might be going crazy . . .
my metabolism is just high . i'm stick thin
then eat some more food ! fish and chips are awesome !
i eat tons ! not very healthy food either
i've been eating a lot to deal with depression .
i am so sorry you are depressed . why are you ?
my parents both died in an automobile accident .
oh my gosh ! that is terrible . my condolences
persona
i'm allergic to dust.
i only eat organic food.
i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i collect comic books.
i own two snakes.
persona II
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm well today after cleaning , i have a dust allergy .
do you have any pets
i do ! two gorgeous snakes that are albinos . you ?
an adorable puppy whos super playful
how cute . what about hobbies ?
i like to cook what about you
i love comic books and i also collect autographs , which i have a lot of .
what autographs do you have
like celebrities . i've over two thousand of them so far .
wow how did you get these autographs
well , i book local shows for venues so i'm able to get them then .
that makes more sense what kind of food do you lik
i'm picky about food , eating organic only . how about you ?
persona
i have two tattoos.
i love to recycle.
i drive a large , blue van.
i am a hippie.
persona II
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i've a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
i coexist well with my husband.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am alright dude , how about you ? someone was mean to me today
really ? i feel the same way . i do not like anyone in my friend group
why not ? that does not sound fun
they just make me feel lost and far away from who i truly am
you could ride around in my big blue van
i wish , but i get busy all day with cross country and basketball practice with my boys
no , never mind . i wanted someone to go with me to get another tattoo
i am sure a middle aged mom of 2 high school boys is not the person for that haha
do you recycle ? i love that
my husband is big on recycling , so i try to . i like to coexist well with him
i love it so much . . your man sounds so cool .
he's pretty cool . good example to my boys
does your man have any tattoos
persona
i am a female.
i am very short.
i've 2 kids.
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i hate tomatoes.
persona II
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i always put my left sock on first.
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing today ?
not too good i can not reach the cabinet
i also have a sickness that prevents me from grabbing things up high
i'm sorry . i'm not sick just pregnant with twins
oh my god i just saw a spider i'm going to cry
use a tomato they taste awful but always fix my bug problems
i have also heard that praying helps . i also do it in the morning
pray for me i am in a wheelchair
of course ! my mother raised me alone and also taught me to pray
the twins are so heavy i can not get around without it
which sock do you usually put on first ?
i'm so short and in this wheelchair right now i just can not
oh wow , i always do the left one first for good luck
it must be nice i've always been short so it used to be easy
i'm about 7 feet tall so that makes it difficult as well
wow amazing do you have kids ?
persona
i drink lots of iced tea.
i teach first grade.
i married my high school sweetheart.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i love to go shopping.
persona II
i work as a english teacher.
i'm a mother of two daughters.
my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? my name is eve
hey eve . i am online shopping atm so good haha .
i'm a english teacher
i also teach . wow small world .
oh wow that is awesome . i love telling stories to people . so i enjoyed my job
i am glad to hear that eve . what are your hobbies ?
i've two children . i'm rising on my own . my husband died a few years ago
that must be extremely difficult .
it is difficult but a mom has to do what a mom has to do
i can understand that completely more power to you
thank you ! how is your sunday
relaxing , i am enjoying some pepperoni pizza and netflix . and you ?
i'm working . its all good though
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve .
and too you too
enjoy the rest of your day eve
persona
i am in preschool.
i like to play outside.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i am a girl.
i like to dance.
persona II
i live near a park.
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have any children.
i don't have a car.
dialogue
i wish i had a car so we could visit
that would be fun . i love to dance and play ball outside .
well the park is close by . we could meet there
ok , we could . i am female and in preschool ; my mom is monitoring my chat .
oh well i have no kids so maybe not
do you like animals ? my fav is zebra .
i like dogs . my hair is purple ! my favorite color .
wow . i am still young , but i am a savant in math .
that must be hard to be so smart
it makes me lonely sometimes . do you have siblings ?
i am an only child . so i was lonely
sad . what do you do for fun ?
i run in the park and watch the ducks
i like to feed the ducks . they're interesting to watch .
persona
i'm learning to play the piano.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i love scary movies.
i am allergic to cats.
i'm a member of the ymca.
persona II
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
i love dogs.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
dialogue
hi ! do you have any pets ?
oh gracious no ! i've a severe cat allergy . do you ?
oh yes , i have 2 dogs moe and minnie . my babies
i wish i had no allergies so i could have pets . i do enjoy them !
my mom is allergic to dogs , so i understand . how is your day going
alright . just got my hair cut ! i love to keep it short . how is your day ?
busy . just on my lunch break . we had two different sick boa constrictors today
what do you do for work ?
i'm an assistant for a vet . you ?
retired but i keep busy learning to play the piano and going to the ymca
very cool . i play the trombone . nice portable instrument .
definitely . it sounds so neat ! i also watch a lot of horror movies .
yikes . too scary for me . and for my dogs .
well that's okay ! what do you like ?
persona
i read three books a week.
i dropped out of high school.
i love to read.
i can read in english and french.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
persona II
i love laughing.
i love wearing flip flops.
i like to bake brownies.
i've freckles.
dialogue
hello hows you night going ?
me night is going good !
mine too ! i made brownies , so everything is great , lol
i read a book so i am feeling smarter !
lol well brownies make everything better , wish i could give you some lol
wish you could read me shakespeare . i like reading . i like poetry .
in school i always wanted to be juliet , but i've too many freckles
thus with a kiss i die i am sure you could that part even with freckles
lol , how funny ! i'd probably laugh too much if i were in a play
i never finished school so now i act in adult plays
fun . i'm self employed , so i lounge around in flip flops all day
that sounds magnificent . pick up some books and read your days away !
persona
i'm in school to be a computer engineer.
my passion is in programming.
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
i go to bed pretty late.
persona II
i sell clothing on facebook.
my hair is curly and dark.
i don't like to clean house.
i have two children.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing good , how are you ?
good , just selling some clothes on facebook .
oh , i sometimes list my clothes on facebook when i can't sleep .
when i cant sleep i clean the house , i usually hate it .
i always end up going to bed late . what do you enjoy ?
i've two kids , i enjoy spending time with them . how about you ?
i love programming , so much so i'm in school to be a computer engineer
that sounds amazing . i know nearly nothing about it .
you should look into it . hoping i can own my own company one day .
i hope you can , i would like to be my own boss .
i hope so too . me and my best friend together .
my best friend is blonde with straight hair and i've dark curly hair .
that is cool . my best friend has dark curly hair too . his boyfriend loves it
nice , how long have you been best friends ?
since we were kids . how about you and your best friend ?
persona
i hope to retire to florida.
i played in a band for 17 years.
i own my own music store.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
persona II
i wear dingy clothes.
i'm a weirdo.
i've blue and orange hair.
i ride a skateboard.
dialogue
good day to you sir
good day , i am a ma am . i've ownership of a music store .
no kidding , have you heard of itunes ? it will ruin your day .
lol . i got my love of music from listening to my parents sing in church choir .
i wish i had that positive influence . then maybe i wouldn't ride skateboard .
so i then played in my own band for 17 long years .
very musical life ! i just have gross orange and blue hair for some reason .
skateboards are fun . i plan to skateboard often when i retire to florida .
will you still be in a band ?
oh , all skateboarders must have orange and blue hair . that's lovely .
even in retirement in florida ?
of course ! you only live once , right ?
absolutely this is true . my clothes are also not great .
why are your clothes not great ?
they are dingy which is i think a kind of boat ?
no , dingy and ding are pronounced differently but spelled the same .
persona
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i like to smell my own farts.
i am from san fransisco.
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
my beer gut is so huge i haven't seen my feet in two years.
persona II
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i'm bipolar.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm a mother of three.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
dialogue
good evening assuming its evening where you are .
yeah , i am in san fransisco . out on a beer run right now .
hope you aren't texting and driving , . .
no , its all the idiots who do that . so what do you know ?
actually , i was wondering whats for dinner tonight . your dinner , i mean . just curious .
beer . perfect for dinner . my gut tells me it is plenty of calories .
your gut would be right about that . oddly , i never learned to like beer myself .
dude , its the best beverage . so what do you like ?
as far a liquor goes ? vodka . rum . and . . . . brown sugar bourbon !
cool . know any wierd facts ? i hear smelling farts prevents cancer .
tell me you are joking ! but farts are better than cancer .
yeah dude , and mine are pretty radical . so where you from ?
new hampshire . or new hampsha , as we pronounce it .
what do you do for fun ? a party in the original colonies probably rocks .
persona
we help each other out in my family.
i despise my boss.
i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
persona II
i'm a 43 year old woman.
my hair is short and pink.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i love to travel.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
i am good hope you are well .
i am . getting ready to settle in for the night , i am an otr trucker .
i am looking for another job . i do not like my boss .
traveling is my first love , this is a perfect way for me to see the country .
i love to travel wish i had more money
i dye my short hair pink , so i don't have to waste money in the salon .
my family takes turns helping each other out
that's very nice . i don't have any close family . you are very lucky .
what kind of music do you like ?
i love rap . tupac rules . how about you ?
i was so in love with him when i was younger geez
i was too . still am if i were honest with myself , lol
i love a man with abs and that's laid back like bob marley
persona
i enjoy classical music.
regular life disappoints me.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
persona II
i visit india often.
i want to be an explorer.
i don't like my job.
i'm an athlete.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight
i'm okay . living this hum drum life of mine is disappointing
i feel your pain . i hate my job but i get to travel to india often .
that's awesome . i really want to travel to space . i wonder what its like
oh wow cool ! i rather be an explorer . dreams man dreams .
hey me too . exploring life as an animal would be pretty cool
i know ! but being an athlete pays more . so got to take the bad with the good .
your an athlete eh ? what do you play
basketball . that is why i get to travel internationally for my job sometimes .
i bet that is fun . i love classical music so i got to the opera house alot
oh nice ! i never been to a opera house before .
you gotta go at least once . i believe there is one in india . check it out
i'll definitely next trip . you play sports or have any other hobbies ?
i play botchier ball in my spare time . ever play ?
persona
i am an only child.
my favorite color is red.
i'm a student.
i've a pet dog.
persona II
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i am doing great . kind of bored here
where are you right now
at home and no one to play with because i have no siblings
that is too bad do you have any games
trying to play one right now but i've a dog i love so much
that is cute go play with your dog
i will do that after playing my game
that is a great idea do you have a job
i'm currently a college student what about you ?
i am working to open my own business
good to hear . i hope to do that when i am out of school
what kind of business do you want
none in mind yet still thinking
persona
i'm a woman.
i've several children.
we have a dog.
we live in a rural area.
my parents are still married.
persona II
i'm a father.
i like basketball.
i work many hours.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
dialogue
hi how are you today
pretty good , my kids are playing at the moment
that is good i recently became a father
congratulations , i am a mom of 4 and one dog
that is a big family . i have to work overtime now hardly ever home
i understand that . we live on a rural road . my husband travels to work
that is hard sometimes . do you like listening to music
mostly in the car but my parents love to sing .
i can listen to imagine dragon over all day .
i do not know if i have ever heard them
they are pretty good you might like them .
possible , i listen to everything from 80s to country
i like both of those genres . it was nice talking to you
thanks , it was nice talking to you
persona
i like ice cream.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm taking courses online.
i am engaged.
persona II
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
dialogue
hi do you eat bacon
yes i love it almost as much as i love ice cream and my fiance .
i have a house on the moon , you should come visit someday
i just got engaged and we had bacon and ice cream . how about that .
big deal , i rode on a turtles back
yes i'll go visit as soon as this course i am taking online is over .
i hear you just bought a luxury spaceship to fly thru space
oh yeah ! well i've two fiances but i work for a cab company .
2 fiances , that's double the fun , good for you
i am a contractor for them but i moonlight as a time traveler .
i think i seen you in a 1970s movie , you a crazy nugget !
yes i played the ice cream man in a few classics . those were the days .
pizza , pizza , and more pizza , the solution to all problems .
i love pizza too . just like bacon and ice cream . put them all together .
if you don't watch yourself you can get a stroke from all that salt
yes then my future wives will be rich since i work for a cab company .
persona
i live in a big city.
i just graduated college.
my major was american literature and education.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
persona II
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i love dogs.
i m a photographer.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
dialogue
hello have you heard any good jokes lately ?
i have not , have you heard any ?
no i was at a bar last week with friends , but no good jokes
that sounds like fun ! i like to go hiking on the weekends
my dogs would probably love to go on a hike but i never take them
you should ! exercise is important for dogs
do you have any dogs ?
i do not , i would like to though . fresh out of college ,
not a good time to have a pet , i have four dogs they keep me busy
i imagine they would . i live in the city too , not the best for pets
i have a tattoo of all my dogs on my arm
that's dedication right there
yes i love my dogs
what are your dogs names ?
pepper , precious , panda , and pixie
any reason they're all p names ?
persona
i like watching ufc fights.
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
persona II
i have no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.
i'm a savage.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i'm trying to figure out technology . no skills at all .
hey , hi ! oooo , i'm really bad . i'm only good at assembling parts .
oh really . i am stuck in decades ago due to living remotely .
i work in a toothpick factory . . . not much technology going on there either ! !
do u like it ? i do tend to like my work farming i enjoy the outdoors .
hate it ! ! but it allows me to travel a lot so i put up with it .
do u have any hobbies
i love to drive out on the weekends with my son . you ?
sweet ! i like to play darts . my friends keep saying i am savage , whatever that means .
ll , not more savage than ufc fights that i watch . my son loves the blood !
have u ever been to a ufc fight ?
no ! but i play darts on my sons wii . . . only game i can beat him at .
he must be really good at gaming .
it does not take much to be better than me , but yea he loves it .
where are you from . . . i'm from okla
me too ! , we might be neighbors ! ! do you know jenny mccarthy ?
persona
kpop is my favorite music.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i enjoy video games.
i work at a hotel overnight.
i write in my spare time.
persona II
i have found the cure for the common cold.
i'm plotting on taking over the world.
my nickname is bubblegum.
i love to sing in the shower.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
dialogue
hi i'm stephen . how are you today ?
i'm good just playing some video games .
oh fun ! i'm planning on someday ruling the world , so that is appropriate !
ha ha ! what do you do in your spare time ? i write sometimes .
writing is cool . i am a big fan of singing in the shower .
that is fun too ! any favorite foods ? i like junk food too much
no real favorite foods but i have a nickname which is bubblegum .
cool nick name ! mine is princess
ah your majesty ! guess what ? i discovered the secret to curing the common cold
nice ! can you share it please !
not yet . have to patent it first , sorry . do you have siblings ?
i do ! my sister works with me . nights at a hotel .
that's nice . family is important . i have one brother .
yes it is ! what kind of music do you like ? mine is kpop
i like a lot of genres . probably first would be jazz .
jazz is nice . easy listening .
persona
i like to make short films.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i've traveled overseas many times.
i've been on the tv news six times.
persona II
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i ca sim very fast.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i love to run.
dialogue
hello . i am joan and i love to cook . how about you ?
hi . not much of a cook but i like to much documentaries
oh ! i love documentaries . what kind do you watch ?
sorry , i like to make them . typically on wars , i am a war correspondent
interesting . what parts of the world have you been to ?
mostly the middle east , but also africa . i travel frequently . do you ?
no . but i write so i am a mental traveler
that is very cool . do you write fiction ?
contemporary romance and paranormal romance . do you read ?
wow , paranormal romance ! like twilight ? i love to read , but mostly non fiction
not vampires so much but celtic mythology
definitely a topic i know nothing about ! do you come from a celtic heritage ?
i do . irish , english , scottish , and welch . and you ?
middle eastern for the most part
nice . there's some rich mythology there .
i don't suppose you watch much israeli tv ? my mother is a popular newscaster in israel
persona
i live in my parent s basement.
i work in a flower shop.
i like cats.
i read a lot of used books.
persona II
my favorite food is sushi.
i graduated with a nursing degree.
helping people makes me happy.
we have two kids.
my husband is a firefighter.
dialogue
hey there ! i just got back from my favorite sushi bar
do you like sushi , i'm not a fan
it is only my favorite food in the whole world
my cat would probably like it .
and if it gets sick i can put my nursing degree to use helping it back
do you work as a nurse ?
indeed , and my husband is the big strong firefighter
ha sounds much more exciting than my work .
wee plugging up bullet holes can be called many things . exciting for sure
i arrange flowers for a living .
that's so sweet , helping people in that way would make me so happy
i do what i can , nothing on your level though .
well nothing is more important than my two kids .
i am single , live at my parents in the basement .
that's fine , such is so common these days
but it saves me a lot of money to buy used books .
persona
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i'm currently traveling in japan.
i can speak three languages.
i'ven t gone home in over two years.
persona II
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
dialogue
hello hope you are having a better day than i am .
i am having a good time here in japan . what is wrong ?
my girlfriend says she wants to leave me . japan is cool
i travel the world and never rest . you'll find new love .
thanks for the hope . hope you are having fun
i'm . my work allows for extensive world travels . i'm lucky .
i would like to travel but i just enjoy john grisham movies .
i read his books in french , german , and english . i miss my home though .
where is your home . i do not like the grisham books as much as the movies
in new jersey . i never see movies because i'm on the move .
i understand that . i used to travel with my parents . they were in politics
i wrote some computer code for obama a few years ago .
that is interesting . my parents discovered that politicians are evil
they sure are . that is why i deal with computers . it is easier .
i agree . i don't have to wear pants when i work on the computer
that sounds fun . i hope you enjoy your job .
persona
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i am colorblind.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i am a volunteer firefighter.
persona II
i enjoy playing tennis.
i love animals.
green is my favorite color.
my father worked for ge.
i'm an aspiring singer.
dialogue
i just love the color green . its my favorite color
why do you love it
its . just a beautiful and peaceful color .
oh i see . are you a designer
no singing is my thing . i plan to go on american idol !
that is nice . what genre do you enjoy
i am a country and western singer .
are you free the country
yes i curently live in a small town in oklahoma
the storms were down there
yes me and my animals had to move to higher grounds
that's not fun at all
persona
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
i have 3 science classes.
i commute by bus.
persona II
i'm divorced and looking to date.
i've two children , a boy and a girl.
i work at an insurance firm.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
dialogue
hey , how are you ?
i am doing very well , now that i am off work . how are you ?
i am also great thanks , do you work ? i am an insurance broker
i am in college and work in the library .
the library seems a calm place to work , are you married ?
no , i live with my parents still . i do not even have a car . you ?
recently divorced but currently looking for a date , no children i am guessing ?
no , i am a science major . i do not have time to even date .
your time will come , i have a boy and a girl . any particular field in science ?
i'm thinking about geology , or animal sciences . . . maybe marine biology .
good luck whichever you choose . so how do you spend your free time ?
i go geocaching . what do you like to do ?
geocaching seems awesome , i spend most free time looking after my grandmother
that's so sweet
persona
i'm quiet but confident.
i m not really a blond.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i think food trucks are awesome.
persona II
i hate the taste of fish.
i've 23 cats at home.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i like to paint.
dialogue
hello my favorite hobby in the world is painting . . whats yours ?
i love to eat . especially at food trucks !
i love food trucks but anything that's not fish sadly bad experiences
do you have any family ?
i've over 20 cats and am an only child . . my parents live out of state
lots of cats ! my parents passed away . brother took care of me .
aww that's awesome big brother . . i foster most so there's a big turn around
do you like to explore new places ?
i travel on cruises regularly my favorite was the australia trip
wow . sounds awesome i do not go far . i freak out about parking .
oh i hate traffic and crowded parking lots myself . do you have any hobbies
not really . just a quiet , shy person . and you ?
painting mostly but trying to grasp photography
i'm no good at taking pictures . cut off lots of heads !
i do not do people i do landscapes and scenery for inspiration
sounds like a good way to use your spare time .
persona
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
i love cooking !.
my mother is from greece.
my favourite colour is green.
persona II
pink is my favorite color.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
my mother is dead.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
doing pretty good what are your weekend plans ?
whatever my husband wants to do . its our anniversary .
how many years ?
20 . we were high school sweethearts .
www . . . we just celebrated our 40th anniversary .
how lovely ! any plans this weekend for you ?
i am cooking a big meal , love greek food
my mother used to have a home in greece , did you live there ?
wow my mother did too . she lives in the states now
mine passed a few years ago . she came here before i was born .
i bet you miss her alot . mine are both gone
persona
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
my mother met elvis.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
persona II
i've three dogs at home.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i am very good at the drums.
i have a bicycle.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
dialogue
hi how are you today
not so good , trying to hustle some money for bills
i see do you have a job
yes but my hours got cut and i do not make enough
sorry do you have any kids
no thank goodness , its just been hard since i been on my own
do you play instruments sometimes ?
no but i love elvis , my mom met him so she's a big fan too !
very cool he ai not nothing but a hounddog
ha ha yeah ! my mom passed away so i been on my own since
speaking of hounddogs i've 3 suppers
oh wow cool ! i want to get a dog
do you workout and stuff ?
no i am kinda lazy i like to watch tv
persona
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i like to make cookies.
i like to train dogs.
i like bagels with everything on them.
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to run.
dialogue
cookie , i like cookies , also making them !
me too , i just moved to sweden , awesome cookies here !
training dogs is something i like to do !
i like dogs ! and i like hiking .
bagel with everything , that's what i really like
ha ! the bagels are good here , but i keep losing them . i forget things .
coke is what i drink , it is my favorite !
i feel like i am losing my mind !
keep going ! running is what i really like though , i run and like it !
i like to hike on glaciers .
i love to create biscuits
biscuits ? those are really tasty ! ! !
persona
i like to watch people pray together.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
persona II
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i like to hunt.
i am thin.
i love the tigers baseball team.
dialogue
hey there ! hows is hanging ?
pretty good and how about you ?
doing great just got back from hunting and settling down with baseball !
sounds interesting . just left the gym myself
i'm thin myself , sitting back and watching walking dead and the tigers
i stay in shape by putting on some christian electronic dance and hitting the tread mill .
wow that's interesting ! maybe i'll try that out when hunting
we did a prayer service for the poor this am . some think i am obsessed .
that is good of ya , sometimes we all need a little prayer , like tigers baseball
yeah i worry alot about what they're going to do ! maybe my apps will help .
your apps ? maybe they could try being a extra on walking dead
cell apps to help with the worlds troubles . you know real ones .
interesting . would be nice if were as easy as baseball
yeah . too many people have too little . i just want to help .
persona
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
i'm a woman.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
my favorite band is radiohead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
persona II
i work 9 to 5 job.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
dialogue
good morning ! today is my day off from my job that's 9 to 5 . you ?
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
great . i am cooking and i like doing that . do you ?
i enjoy cooking though my husband is better .
how about baking ? hopefully i can open a bakery when i retire .
i do like to bake . especially dog treats for my two small dogs .
cute ! did your family ever own a restaurant ? mine owned a small one .
no though we own a small marketing consulting agency . are you married ?
i'm . my husband volunteers with me when i go to the soup kitchen . you ?
yes i'm married . we enjoy going to radiohead concerts .
i forgot you mentioned your husband earlier ! any kids ?
no someday we hope . you ?
none yet . we hope to have 6 . do you have anything interesting to tell me ?
not really . have to get back to work anyways . enjoy your day .
persona
my favorite band is one direction.
i love to hike in the summer.
my name is mary and i am from colorado.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to ski in the winter.
persona II
i'm in high school apart of the school band.
music has always been my number one passion.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi , i'm great thanks , yourself ?
just fine , thank you . i am listening to some tones . what are you up to ?
cool ! what are you listening to ? i am listening to one direction
oh i should listen to them soon . it has been a while . ed sheeran
ed sheeran is great ! so whats your name ?
i am in bad so i get many names
cool ! my name is mary . where are you from ?
you have probably heard of my school before . i am very organized . are you ?
i am not very organized , i am spontaneous .
do you have a favorite person ? is he or she spontaneous ?
not really , do you have a favourite person ?
my mom ! she has taken so good care of me
good to hear ! do you have any hobbies ?
just playing in the band . do you have any hobbies ?
i love the outdoors , go skiing and hiking often .
persona
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i like movies based on comedies.
i am a ballet dancer.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i like long walks on the beach.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today ?
i'm goo dhow are you
not so bad , just listening to music . how about you ?
just getting back from dance class
oh that is cool . what music genera of music do you dance to ?
i'm a ballerina so mostly classical
wow , my favorite is pop , but i can appreciate that
that is good to listen to
yeah . what is your favorite color ?
i like blue what food do you eat
wow we have the same favorite color . anything home cooked
i love hamburgers when i am not practicing for a show
cool , what kind of show
my dance show i'm practicing fo rone now
oh , well that makes sense . do you watch any tv ?
i'm really into comedies what about you
persona
my name is arnold.
i also love orange juice.
i like to watch tv.
i am 10 years old.
persona II
i live in alabama.
i've twelve kids.
i have blonde hair.
i am obese.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
hi , i am ok , how about you ?
doing well . where are you from . i'm in alabama
i'm from new jersey , i'm arnold
nice to meet you arnold . i am cindy , i am tall with long blonde hair .
welcome cindy , now my age is 10 years
oh wow my youngest one is 10 years old and he's my twelfth kid .
my hobbies is watching televison , and listening music
i tend to watch television a lot now that extremely overweight .
i like orange juice and pizza , what about you ?
i love pizza but my favorite are tacos .
fine , which class you studied
i majored psychology . then went on to criminal psychology .
fine , nice to meet you mr . cindy
persona
i don t drive.
my mom is a nurse.
i have three tattoos.
i never knew my dad.
i work at a bookstore.
persona II
i collect bugs in jars.
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i build my own computers.
i ran for political office in 2004.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
driving is not in my vocabulary , tattoos are fine , three on me
what do you do for work ? i am a mechanic
good and you ? can you talk about my dad ?
sure , what would you like to tell me about your dad ?
i'm not familiar with my dad
have you ever met your dad ?
the book store is where i work
what kind of books do you sell ?
yeah , my dad is great i think .
why do you think he's great ?
my mother work as a nurse
have you ever been in the military ? i was when i was younger
because he's a mechanic , i love cars .
persona
i've an eyebrown piercing.
both of my parents are teachers.
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i've three roommates.
persona II
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i work many hours.
i like basketball.
i m from texas.
i'm a father.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i have headache , but good . i work at starbucks
why do you have a headache
screaming kid , and my roommates arguing
that's a lot of annoying things
it is living with three people and a toddler i am baby sitting doesn't help .
that is a lot of people
yeah , my parents are teachers and they work as high school teachers .
that must be great . i bet they have time for family .
yeah in the summer time . my sister and i are in a grunge band
that sounds like a lot of fun .
it is and i have an eyebrow piercing too .
can you wear it to work
yeah it is starbucks it is not so bad
things have changed from when i was younger
yeah things have changed and things are getting better over time
persona
i am constantly drinking.
if i'm not drinking , i'm thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i cannot hold down a job for very long.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
persona II
since young i've loved fashion.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
dialogue
hey there . are you into fashion ?
not really are you ?
ever since i was a young girl ! i am in school for it now !
i like to go to bars and clubs , i could use some new clothes .
you could come hang with me in ny and i will doll you up !
yes we can go for a few drinks in ny .
and go shopping in all the stylish stores !
i'm not working right now so i'm available to come to ny anytime .
when i become a fashion designer you can be my assistant and make me coffee !
i don't know about coffee , i can make you a great martini .
we will create a special coffee martini and call it the coco chanel !
yes that would be great ! when can i come visit ?
after i stop using exclamation points ! ! ! ! !
great i cannot wait to see you and i taste that coffee martini .
persona
i'm a vegan.
my brother used to be in the navy.
i love game of thrones.
i like soccer.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
persona II
not a day goes by that i do not drink four mountain dews.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
my favorite hobby is chess.
sometimes , i've sword fights with strangers in the park.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm delightful . i just heated up some leftover vegan mashed potatoes and they are perfect
ll , nice . i would be willing to try that with some mountain dew .
can i tell you the awful joke i just heard ?
haha sure . what is it ?
my dad threw a milk carton at me today how dairy !
ll , that is pretty awful . do you like chess ?
i've not played chess in years
www . you should get back into it ! its my favorite .
my dad has a reeeeaaallly nice chess set i grew up playing .
nice . yeah , i've this beautiful marble set .
that is really cool . are you a soccer fan ?
i follow football more than soccer .
i don't think i have voluntarily watched football in like 10 years lol
persona
i am a vegan.
i've an 18 year old son.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i love animals.
persona II
i've an older brother.
i live in the city.
i work in a bookstore.
i love my girlfriend.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ? i live in cleveland , you ?
hi there i live in wisconsin .
nice ! i've lots of books about wisconsin in my store . what do you do ?
i used to be a stay at home mom but my son just moved out .
now what do you do ? i'd travel if that were me .
i keep busy volunteering walking dogs and some petition work . have you been to wi ?
my girlfriend and i did a weekend getaway up there the last time we were in chicago .
awesome . i heard they have a great vegan restaurant in chicago , my favorite !
they have a lot of great restaurants in chicago ! my older brother lives there .
i wish they had them here . it is hard finding ready made vegan dishes .
you can make your own and freeze , that is what my girlfriend does .
me too ! great time saver . my dog tries to steal scraps . you have pets ?
we don't , our apartment is way too small for a pet .
bummer . i've 2 dogs , 1 cat , 3 birds . they are very entertaining !
persona
i don t like being asked a lot of questions.
i think about food a lot.
i don t like when people get too close to me.
i've a shopping addiction.
i love the forest.
persona II
i like to play tennis.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite musical is hamilton.
my favorite color is red.
my favorite food is a burger.
dialogue
hi do you wanna play tennis ?
sure , what else do you play ?
that s all i play , been overtime work at work , accountant
i like to shop that's my sport of choice .
how about music ? have you heard of hamilton ?
you could say i'm addicted .
how about foods ? burger is the best
i love food , like a lot i think of food all the time .
what else do you do
i work from home , and i walk in the forest a lot
do you like it that way ?
yes , i love it because i do have to talk to people .
how long you work a day ?
i'm an introvert , how loves food lol
oh , it isn't showing at all
depends if i've meetings , i try to do 8 hours everyday
persona
i hate to lose.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
my father died when i was 2.
i have blue eyes.
persona II
i like to paint.
i'm a vegan.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i have 23 cats at home.
i hate the taste of fish.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
okay , i suppose . a little mad because i lost a game of cards .
oh i'm sorry i try to paint when i'm upset it is very relaxing
i usually to to the lake to calm down . i'm a fisherman .
i don't like to eat fish but i did travel the world on a boat
that sounds cool ! did you go with your family ?
no i had to leave my 23 cats that i rescued at home
you have 23 cats ? ? is there enough room ?
oh we have plenty of room i live a simple life
i like simple life , too . what is your favorite time of the year ?
i am vegan so i love summer so i can grow my own food
yes , summer is nice . spring is the best , to me , everything is waking up .
that is a wonderful time of year also
are your parents still living ? my mom is , dad isn't .
persona
i m allergic to cats.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i love to have my nails done.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i've one little boy named owen.
persona II
i love to eat eggplant.
i ve been married five times.
i smoke a pipe.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
dialogue
hi just got home from the bar that i own
do you know any meds for allergies ?
i've heard of allegra but that is all i know
beauty pageants , i did joined several times
neat eggplant is one of my favorite foods
wow , that s my husband favorite he is a lawyer
my fifth wife made the best dish with eggplant
i do my own nail , and my child is owen
nice i have a bad habit of smoking a pipe
my son likes cats , ut i get sick because of allergy
oh no i've a cat named radar
do you like radar being around ?
yes , he's a good cat . i'm not allergic
oh , how come i've it , and i don t loke it
persona
i love spicy food.
i like swimming.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
i'm an only child.
persona II
we live in a rural area.
i've several children.
i am a woman.
my parents are still married.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
i am fine just playing with my one and only son and you ?
oh . i've three kids . all girls .
cool . do they swim ? i love to swim
one of them is on the swim team at her school .
now that is cool i swam a lot in mexico and europe too
oh . where do you live ?
i live here in the usa but just got back from a world trip with my son
oh . i live in a rural town in nc .
wow do you ever go to the city ?
yeah , every now and then .
my step sister lives there .
i only have one brother . he lives with my parents .
i am the oly child
my brother is older than me .
you are the youngest then ?
persona
i'm a teacher.
i like to work puzzles.
i love country music.
my dad worked for home depot.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i've 23 cats at home.
dialogue
hi names barbra and i started to become vegan 2 years ago
hello , barbara . i'm mia and love working puzzles .
oh cool ! ! i am a painter , and paint murals . i enjoy it
that's so creative ! i work at home depot , like my dad .
is that what you want to do for the rest of your life ?
sure , it is a good job . i oversee all the stores in four states .
i detest the taste of fish . yet my cats love it and i am 23 .
i love fish . fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw are my favorite .
yeah , i want to travel , in a boat around the world .
that sounds fun . i have always wanted to do that myself .
yeah ! ! we could go together that would be an adventure
that would be very nice . i will bring my camera .
sounds like we have a plan ! d
when are we going ? do you have a boat yet ?
next year some times in may ? what do you say ?
that sounds perfect . i've to go to cali first .
persona
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
persona II
i m italian american.
i paint with watercolors.
my favorite color is blue.
i hate cleaning.
i work in finance.
dialogue
hello enjoying ribs but distaste cleaning
hi , i'm enjoying a delicious hotdog with a refreshing pepsi .
nice i work for citi financial so this is my splurge
awesome , i am a librarian so i am enjoying my weekend off .
i paint in my free time i love watercolors
i like to bird watch in my free time , especially on weekends .
i'm new to america i'm from italy hence i love ribs
welcome to america , i love hotdogs like many americans do .
well i also want to dye my tips blue to match my nails
i wish i could dye my hair , but i can
it would be more highlights then full dye
i'm a librarian , so i can't dye my hair but if i could , i would .
well paint your nails i can't grow nails
i'll paint my nails . having nails makes it easier to turn book pages .
mine are so brittle
mine are long , which helps me turn pages of my horror novels , which i love .
persona
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i am very skinny and energetic.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
persona II
i can do convincing bird calls.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i like to make my own clothes.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
dialogue
hello there ! how is your life going ?
life been good still livin u ?
chirp chirp ! did you think i was a bird ?
that's funny but no i didn't
danit . i have been told that i have lifelike bird calls
i think it may be the texts that throw it off
maybe . do you read any good books ?
i read when i am able to find the time
ya i stay busy too . . . making clothes . . . for myself
you make your own clothes
yes . yes i do . and i look fantastic in them
wow makin clothes sounds so creative
i am . i make clothes and talk to birds
wow i can see the future
persona
i've one sister.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i was born in san francisco.
persona II
nike cleats are my favorite.
i am a soccer player.
my number is 42.
i joined a new team last month.
i am a goalie.
dialogue
hey how are you today
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i'm good thanks and you ?
i'm doing well . where are you from ?
i am not sure . i play pro soccer
you are not sure ? i am from san francisco . that's really cool you must be good
yeah i am the goalie its lonely
haha i bet . i work with pharmaceuticals
what is your favorite number ?
uh , i do not really have one . lol i do love labrador retrievers though
do you play any sports ?
i played football in high school . my only sister plays softball though
persona
i always put my left sock on first.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
persona II
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
i just bought a new mansion.
dialogue
hello , i am new to this area just bought a mansion
welcome to the neighborhood ! i cannot go to high altitude because of a condition
i'm sorry to hear that i love the mountains !
do you like creatures ? i get so scared of spiders !
i love all creatures . what is your occupation ?
respiratory therapist ! my mother worked two jobs while raising me alone .
i see i come from poverty but now i am a big rapper !
well that is great for you !
i live in japan . have you ever been ?
never . are you spiritual ? i pray for my family to god .
i thank god for my rapping career and huge mansion
do you have any habits ? my left sock must always go on first !
i have to carry my lucky pen wherever i go !
is that the pen you write your dope rhymes with ?
yes only the best . my mentor is frank ocean
i never heard of her .
persona
i do not work.
i hate tacos.
i like to swim.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i am bald.
persona II
i grew up on a farm.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
on weekends i go out with friends.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
hey , how is it going ?
things are good . i'm eating breakfast of eggs and bacon .
oh nice , that sounds good . i usually have cereal for breakfast , but with chocolate milk .
i like milk . i get mine fresh from the source since i live on a farm
i have heard farm life is hard , especially waking up early everyday .
on weekends i hang out with friends so it is not too bad .
my weekends are the only time i get to the pool and get some swimming done .
swimming sounds fun . i never learned . do you work ?
no i am not working at this moment , taking time to explore my options . you ?
the farm is my job . i've here since my family moved when i was 18
do you think you will be a farmer for life ?
its all i know so yeah .
i wish i had a thing like that , a clear purpose . maybe in time .
persona
i have an older brother.
i love my girlfriend.
i dyed my hair pink.
i work in a bookstore.
i live in the city.
persona II
i'm only 5 foot tall.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
i have a thick full beard.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
my parents are in there 80 s.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
hello , i am doing very well . my girlfriend and i are going to visit my bro .
oh wow i have 8 brothers . we visit each other all the time .
i only have one , he's older than i . i work in his bookstore .
i can not imagine having only one . must have been really quiet at your house .
it was not , all of our friends hung out here . it was the greatest .
oh wow , i'm the shortest out of all eight . so they bullied me .
i get that sometimes due to my pink hair .
i love pink . mine is red like the sunset .
my girlfriend is a redhead too , she has grey eyes .
she must be really pretty . i've a thick red beard but no girlfriend .
she's very pretty . do you date ?
no , nobody wants to date a 5 foot tall redhead .
lol . i'm a 5 foot tall girl with pink hair , it is hard .
for a girl that'sn't so bad and pin hair is so cool .
i like it , so does my girlfriend . she prefers it over the purple .
persona
i do not like acting.
i've 3 ex wives.
my father was a famous actor.
i do not like kids.
persona II
i like to play tennis.
my dad is a veteran.
i love watching funny movies.
i listen to all kinds of music.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
i love its about to be fall !
yeah ? why do you love fall ?
i love green an i love playing tennis !
do you play tennis with your significant other ?
no with my dad he is a veteran .
my dad is an actor
i love to laugh at funny movies ! is he in any ?
yeah , but i do not watch them i hate the idea of acting
oh really ? why ? do you like music instead ? i like music
no one of my 3 wives did so i don't like it much now
i like fall because of the colors !
i do not like fall because of halloween , i hate kids
wow why do you hate kids lol you are craaaaaazzzzzzzzyyy
they are little but make so much noise
persona
i eat too much fast food.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i am a national guard officer.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passat.
persona II
my favorite drink is red wine.
i enjoy gardening.
i have one child.
i work for a clothes retailer.
dialogue
good evening ! i just got my child to bed . lets chat !
well we can do this quick so you can relax my friend .
right on ! i got my glass of red wine . its my fav .
yum ! i am eating fast food , yet again !
sigh , me too . i do designing for a clothing retailer . what do you do ?
on my good days , a national guard officer . other days , a normal person .
very cool . i spend my free time gardening . i enjoy it .
i love the winters , and lots of snow .
me too ! can't wait for cooler weather !
although my volkswagon is probably not as excited as i'm about the snow .
we just got a new ford focus .
i had one before . was good to me .
this one is more computer than car !
that has to be cool and irritating at the same time .
it can be . it was a bit of a learning curve .
i believe it . i'm not much of a car person though . would love a truck instead .
persona
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
i am a digital artist.
my favorite author is stephen king.
persona II
i'm a poet.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
i am the head of the gun club.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
dialogue
hey , i write poetry and some call me poetry sam !
that is interesting that you write poetry ! my husband is an author .
wow maybe we can collaborate together . i donate my old clothes to a shelter
i also donate to thrift stores , where i find stephen king books
my clothes goes to the homeless shelters . i also am the leader of the gun club
interesting . i'm an artist mostly on the computer
wow that is cool . my friends and i go golfing on sunny days . do you play sports
no . i spend time taking care of my twin girls .
aww how old are they ?
they are five years old , so i read stephen king when they sleep .
wow . they're in kindergarten
yes . have you been to france or canada ?
canada i have , niagara falls
i was born in france . i now live in canada and really like it .
persona
i love pandas.
i'm a vegetarian.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i am starting a new juicing bar.
i love to surf.
persona II
i try to watch what i eat.
pizza is my favorite.
i enjoy eating italian food.
i am east asian.
my name is tom.
dialogue
hello there ! how are ya doing ?
i'm just petting some pandas
haha pandas are my favorite animal !
me to they're so soft and fluffy
and they sleep and eat all day ! haha
do you eat meat ? i do not
i love meat ! especially in italian food . whats your favorite food ?
veggie burgers , i only eat plants
veggie burgers are not too bad . i also try to eat healthy so good call !
yea after working with animals back when a i surfed i just can't anymore
you used to surf ? that's pretty cool ! i am afraid of open water actually haha
yea i love it , i also am starting a juice bar
wow a fancy juice sounds so good right now ! haha
its very good for you , full of nutrients
you know what they say , health is wealth !
that's very true , health is wealth
persona
i am a business man.
i'm a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i have 3 children.
persona II
i love animals and like working with them.
i'm a history buff.
i am in a local theater company.
i'm engaged to be married.
dialogue
hello , hello ! if you were an animal , what would you be ?
a tiger . i love felines .
i'd be a housecat . i love cats . i like working with cats .
me too ! my three daughters say the same thing . they learn fast . lol
i tried out for cats at my local theater . i got a minor role .
my wife would have gone . she was in chemo at the time , remember ?
i had not heard . i always have my nose buried in a history book .
that is so true , and i am always working on a business deal . lol
my fiance might be interested in doing business with you .
awesome ! you know i love opportunities . . . and karate black belt !
i should look up the history of karate . . .
it was the only thing that got me through the chemo for my wife
my cat is here , seeking attention .
ok , gotta go too . chat again , soon !
persona
i always travel alone.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i have no parents or siblings.
i'm incredibly smart.
my favorite meal is steak.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i don't know how to swim.
my grandpa was in wwii.
i own a chevy tahoe.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
doing great . getting ready grill my favorite meal , steak . you ?
that is funny , that is my favorite food as well .
awesome . do you like to travel ? i love heading out on my own for adventures .
its always fun . where are you going next ?
pikes peak . i am curently exploring famous mountains when i have time .
that's pretty cool . what music do you like ?
classical , rock , classical rock . ll . music is great for the mind .
yeah , i also enjoy rock as well .
that is my dads fault . ll . one of my best memories of him .
what bands do you enjoy the most ?
eagle , pink floyd , heart . mom loved heart . man i miss them .
agreed , todays bands just aren't the same .
no they aren't . any hobbies ? i was up most of the night coding .
persona
my father is a doctor.
i am a college student.
i like action movies.
i drive a restored mustang.
i play football.
persona II
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i like to sew my own clothing.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
i'm an art teacher.
dialogue
phew just got done spending hours at some thrift shops . hows it going ?
good glad to meet you the names van wilder
nice to meet you as well . i'm mike a art teacher .
do you know who steve mcqueen is ?
i do , i would of loved to make some cool clothes for him
my dad dr . wilder bought me his original car when i was 16
wow that is very awesome to have at 16
still have it mostly cruise around campus trying to get babes
i should make some seat covers for you from my shift finds
seems legit that would spice up the car
for sure anything you need
hot damn pencil me in for monday at 3
you got it ! maybe you can come thrift shop some patterns with me
cheap and fun sounds like a good time , write that down
persona
i wish i could live forever.
i really like technology.
i like free diving.
i only date people taller than me.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
persona II
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i am an avid runner.
i live in canada , near ontario.
dialogue
good morning , how are you ?
doing alright and thanks for asking .
your welcome . i had a very busy morning how about you
was okay . dog woke me up and just getting ready for a date .
awesome i spent the morning running all morning
running is good on the body . thinking about taking ipod on the date
that is a good idea . where are you going ?
going to go diving and eat just will miss my animals you have any ?
nope i don't have any . what is your favorite basket ball team
like the bulls and oh my life is so good like waking up each day
i love the vancouver grizzlies
wish i could go there and see em play
yeah me too but i will take tv just fine
wish i could take my dog and i just always on my phone to much
i know the feeling i'm too busy running marathons
would like to run with you and just bring my dog he need to get in shape
persona
i am single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
i eat mainly chinese food.
persona II
i love to sing.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i am a karate black belt.
i've 3 children.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good , just munching on some chinese food . you ?
i was just doing some martial arts . i'm a black belt in karate
that sounds fun . the robots i make can do karate .
wow that's cool . i teach karate to my 3 kids too
i wish i had kids , i've been single way too long .
i got my wife by singing to her . maybe you can try that
maybe , i do like singing karaoke at night .
i love singing karaoke all the time
me too , i don't have a lot of time to do it anymore though .
how come ? robots taking up your time ?
yeah , making robots is a very time consuming career .
my wife has me sing to her . she has terminal cancer . makes her feel better
oh i'm sorry to hear that she's sick .
persona
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i am never still.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i work for a government agency.
i prefer baseball over football.
i like sports.
dialogue
hey ! how are you doing today ?
i'm doing good , how about you
i'm doing okay . keeping busy today ! what are you doing ?
same , i fi on airplanes for a living
that sounds like a lot of fun ! i work for the government . which isn't fun !
wow , sounds cool , i'm always moving if i work hard maybe i can fix the world
maybe you can ! i certainly think so . got a favorite sport ?
nah more into cars , i drive older card most ppl do not want
that's cool too . i am a big baseball fan myself . what kind of cars you like ?
i like the craziest cars , i'll take a old 80s van and fix it love it
how cool . i bet that helps with flying planes , huh ?
yes it does , pratice make perfect haha
you got any favorite things to eat ?
i mostly eat nuts and fruit , pretty healthy eater you ?
persona
i eat meat.
i recently started working online.
my friends don't call my by my real name.
i enjoy going to festivals.
persona II
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
dialogue
hi there !
hello ! how you are doing ?
good thanks and you ?
pretty good ! the new job is gowing surprisingly well . what do you do ?
i work as a cashier at a gas station .
i work online , which i like . i guess you always have to be at your office
yes true ! i am planning on moving to san diego in the next couple months .
nice ! whats the reason for the move ?
just wanna try something different . maybe ballet !
i hope it works out for you ! i enjoy arts , especially at festivals .
my mother used to be a famous ballet dancer in london .
i wish you all the best ! i hope it runs in the family !
do you have a favorite band ?
not really . what about you ?
persona
i think the moon landing was faked.
i like the color red.
i talk very fast.
i've 3 thumbs.
persona II
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
i've three daughters.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i love to go horseback riding.
dialogue
hello ! good morning stranger . i'm kevin and you ?
i'm bob ! what do you think about the moon landing ?
well it happened , so i guess i want to know about mars landings now .
i dunno , i think we still gotta get on the moon for the first real time .
well like i tell my three girls . education is very important and the internet lies .
three girls ? i've three thumbs !
three thumbs ! that's pretty cool . my doctor wife would be interested in that .
she should come and check them out ! they're pretty wild .
i will tell her about you bob . it will be after our vacation though .
where are you going on vacation ?
sorry bob thought my horses got out . we are going scuba diving in the caribbean .
you should take the horses !
i wish we could , but the flight expenses would be too much . i am no millionaire bob .
true . also , horses hate the sky .
persona
i live in new york city.
i enjoy going to museums.
i have ten nieces and nephews.
i am a writer.
persona II
i have purple hair.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i'm a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
dialogue
hey ! crazy purple haired pet sitter here . how are you ?
good . my home is new york city . and you ?
iowa here , not a lot going on here . where do you work ?
work out of my home as a writer . how many pets have you ?
i can't have pets , so i watch others . i live in foster care .
do you like museums ? i can not get enough of them .
i very much do , especially history museums , what is your favorite ?
art museums . i've seen some crazy paintings .
i like abstract ones , what kind of writing do you do .
write novels . only had one published . waiting for my big break !
my mom was a write but she died when i was 6
sorry . my family is mainly nieces and nephews . ten altogether .
wow that's a lot of siblings !
i like to take them to museums .
persona
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm a guy that enjoys being a guy.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
persona II
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i work at amazon.
i love robotics.
i have two kids.
dialogue
hola , names antonio and i quite conservative in politics and support trump .
i support eating burritos and just being a guy .
i have two kids and my wife roberta is amazing i work for amazon .
that sounds interesting . is it ?
i also enjoy robotics , hoping to get a job at hansen robotics
i enjoy streaming movies and shows .
what kinds of shows do you like to stream ?
lots . i like comedy and history .
awesome do you watch nat geo or discovery ?
i watch those all the time .
wow that is great thing to watch
i learn a lot from it .
what do you really learn from those shows ?
lots from nat geo especially . lots about animals .
wow that's interesting to hear
i really enjoy learning things .
persona
i draw comics.
i love anime.
i love role play.
i read a lot.
persona II
i am from tennessee.
i love to fish.
i've a black lab.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing very well , just finished reading an anime comic .
really ? i just got back from fishing . me and my lab .
aww . i love labs , used to have one . what is his name ?
esquire . where are you from ? i'm from nashville , tn .
i'm from cleveland , oh . have you ever been here ?
no i've not nor do i know much about oh . i am a charlie daniels fan .
who is that ? is he an actor on the walking dead ?
yes he's . he's also a rock singer .
odd . i cannot place him . what does he sing ?
he sings a million miles .
no , never heard of it . i like rap .
i like all music . i like tupac though if you like rap .
tupac is my favorite . he was taken too soon .
yes he was charles wallace was as well .
paul walker is the one that had me in tears .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
cooking is one of my pass times.
i am studying for my master s.
i'm a student in social sciences.
i also like eating sushi.
persona II
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
dialogue
hello how are you today
ok , . names bruce and i am a student and getting my masters
that sounds like a lot of work . i just started college this year
it is but it is for social science . these is tough though .
i've not decided what i want to major in yet . what is your favorite food
yeah that will take time to do .
man i've not had tuna salad or gummy worms today
i love sushi and my fave food is pizza . . what about you ?
tuna salad and gummy worms
nice choice of food ! !
thanks i don't think i have had sushi before
try it some time you may like it .
i will . do you like music
i do at times , what about you ?
i like rock opera its one of my favorites have you ever heard of it
oh cool . never heard that before .
persona
my favorite show is csi.
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
i hate winter and the cold.
i once swam with manta rays.
my parents are lawyers.
persona II
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
dialogue
hey good afternoon how are you ?
great thanks how are you today ?
i'm okay tired in ohio
i'm tired , i don't like cold and winter
me either i want some good italian food also
same here , whats your favourite tv show
i like live events like concerts , do you ?
yeah i enjoy csi as well though
cool , i like animals also
same , i swam alongside manta rays before
really ? were you scared at all !
no not really my parents could help as they are lawyers
how would that help lol
in case anything went wrong lol
like what lol being a lawyer does not prevent accidental death
oh well i wasn't scared anyways
persona
i like to shop.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
i love my dog.
i'm a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
persona II
i can type 140 words per minute.
i think the moon landing was faked.
i talk very fast.
i like the color red.
i've 3 thumbs.
dialogue
hey there . . . the names red , or at least it would be if i named myself . yours ?
i do not think i have a name i am a vegetarian
that's sad . almost as sad as people who believe in the moon landing .
i agree i learned in college it was faked , also the cia killed jfk
finally someone with some sense around here ! sorry if i'm talking too fast for you .
you are talking too slow for me , do you have any pets ? i have a dog
dogs ? no . the only dog for me is clifford the big red dog . because he's red .
wow that's amazing ! my dogs name is daisy
amazing ? whats amazing is that i have more thumbs than you . you got two thumbs ?
no i lost mine because i sold it for tuition
you should get a job as a typist , its what i do because i am great at typing .
i may , i am currently in graduate school so i am not looking for work at the moment .
graduate school , eh ? what kind of degree are you going for ?
i'm graduating in liberal gender studies .
persona
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
i like to snowboard.
persona II
i've trouble getting along with family.
i like eating vegetables.
in allergic to peanuts.
i love the beatles.
dialogue
my names ringo , i had it changed when i was 18 . whats your name ?
that is cool . why did you have it changed ? my name is aaron .
to match my favorite band ! my family did not like it , though . tough breaks .
that is badass . what do you do for fun ?
i like to cook , no meat though because i don't dig it . you ?
you don't like the taste or . . . ? i could live off popcorn alone !
meat reminds me of family memories , too harsh for me . does popcorn have peanuts in nit ?
hmm . . i don't think so . corn kernels butter . where are you from ?
oh good , i am allergic to peanuts . i am from here , there , everywhere . you ?
i live in wisconsin in the countryside . its so peaceful here .
that sounds great . do you listen to the beatles ?
i'm more of a country music fan . i love keith urban !
persona
i'm an old man.
i don t have a lot of family members that i like.
i'm an angry person.
i drive a jag.
persona II
i am the oldest sibling.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i have four siblings.
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
dialogue
hi . . . . how are you doing today ?
i am okay . not in a very good mood .
i'm sorry to hear that
i'm just old , so i always hurt .
that's a hard thing to deal with . . . i'm the oldest of all my sisters
yeah it is . how old are you ?
i am in my 30 and my youngest sister is in the first grade
oh wow , that is a big difference .
yes my dad is a teacher so he's use to have kids around
i don't really like any of my family .
i don't always like mine either but we make it work
lucky you . mine are very hard to deal with .
that's a very hard thing . . . . i am sorry you have to deal with that
do you have any kids ?
persona
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i like going to rock concerts.
on weekends i go out with friends.
persona II
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i love the smell of beans.
i love huge paintings.
i loove zumba.
i like collecting rocks.
dialogue
how are you doing today
great do you have any plans for the weekend ?
i want to go to the comic store
i prefer to go to rock concerts
what kind of artists do you like
ac dc led zeppelin the who kiss
i see . those are oldies .
i am not really that old i just like older bands
i see . you must have grown with them .
we moved when i was younger and only listened to old songs in the car
do you like beans at all
no but i love bacon and eggs
i love the smell of it though
nothing better than bacon for breakfast
persona
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
i like to work puzzles.
i'm a teacher.
my dad worked for home depot.
i love country music.
persona II
my mother was a weightlifter.
i've blonde hair.
my feet smell.
i love money.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you ?
i'm pretty good and you ?
great except for my stinky feet , pew
you should spray those down
they smell bad , it goes good with my blonde hair
you sould put some socks on then
my mother and i are both champion weightlifters
you two should pick me up then
we do it for money , she loves the money like i love it
yeah sounds like a nice pick up
well got to run , later gator ! take care !
by alligator slater bye bye
after while crocodile , not to soon baboon
lets eat sheep lil bo peep
omao , that's funny , and new one for me
yeah this is a bit silly heh
persona
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i chew my nails.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
persona II
i love sunsets.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i work 60 hours a week.
dialogue
hi do you like the sunset i do
hell . i enjoy sunsets too .
zi get up every morning and watch
that's nice . i love taking my kayak out on the river on the weekend .
i work so many hours like 60 a week so it is hard to find free time
wow sounds pretty busy to me . any hobbies ?
just watching the sun rise really
so just work and sunrises ?
that is about all i have
what kind of work do you do ?
i am a vet and i need more excercise
nice ! currently in school i want to work with special needs kids .
i hope that works out for you
me too ! i have this really bad habit of chewing my nails when i am nervous though .
i hate that i have been doing it for years
yeah , i full of bad habits . i am always quick to make new friends and saying goodbye .
persona
i am stuck in the past due to remotness.
i'm a savage.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i have no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
i m very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i have problems chewing my food.
i used to be able to run really fast.
my mother is in the hospital.
dialogue
hello what is going on in your life ?
hi , i am editing my latest discover videos . what are you up to ?
just got back from visiting my mom she is in the hospital
i hope it is not anything serious . hopefully she can go hiking soon , that cures everything .
i hope so too . years ago i was a runner and could run pretty fast
wow , did you run track at school ?
yes i did and now i have some health issues i can not chew my food
that is really unfortunate ! i would love to interview you for the discovery channel .
that would be so awesome i'm game
great , come out to my cabin sometime , there is nothing better than being outdoors .
i love the mountains especially this time of year
yes , gorgeous in the fall ! what do you do for work ?
i am an er nurse so i know a lot about hospitals and doctors
that has to be hard , you must be good with technology to chart all of your patients .
persona
i can play the piano.
my dog is called alfred.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
persona II
my favorite food is italian.
i cannot live without my friends.
i've 10 piercings.
i used to smoke.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
i'm doing great . where do you work ?
i work in the city . are you into fitness ?
not really but i am into body modifications .
body modifications ? i don't follow
like piercings . i have 10 of them !
oh ok , gotcha . i was thinking maybe plastic surgery ll
haha whoops . i should stop smoking .
haha nope , i haven'thing wrong with weed lol
haha its so bad for me though
some say it robs you of your ambition
ambition is a subjective term
indeed it is , maybe i should have said go betterness
persona
i'm very good at math and science.
i'm considered a nerd by many.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
persona II
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm great i just got a job at google last week ! how about you ?
i am great . i was on local news the other day
wow ! why were you on the news ?
nothing illegal , just a family work day
cool . i'm a nerd , so i probably wouldn't want to be on the news .
it was scary but cool .
what were your favorite subjects in school ? mine were math and science .
i loved math and science
it is neat that we have that in common .
yeah it is ! tell me about your family
well , i see them when i can . i'm very busy with my new job assignment .
what is that new job assignment ?
i began working on self driving car research last week . what do you do ?
that sounds like fun ! i just sleep all day
oh , are you i'll or elderly ?
persona
i am a childrens librarian.
i am recently divorced.
i have no children of my own.
i'm very shy.
persona II
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i like listening to other rap music too.
dialogue
what is your favorite meal ?
hey whats goin on . how are you today ? pizza for sure
i am awesome . i dig pizza too . you like making it or taking out ?
making it homemade for sure . i just had a divorce so i cook a lot
i feel that . cooking is a good hobby to take your mind off stuff .
yes it is . what do you do for a living
i work in a restaurant for now . how about you ?
i'm a librarian . i work in the childrens books
i admire that a lot . i love the library . do you enjoy it ?
i do enjoy it . especially since i don't have any kids lol
the best way to be around kids , haha .
i know right ? lol i am super shy to so being around kids is easy
persona
i am dissatisfied with the school life i've had so far.
i've one close friend i grew up with.
i worry about money even though i am in high school.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
persona II
i get sad a lot.
i live with my parents.
i'm bisexual.
i just lost my job and i'm looking for something new.
i think i might need help.
dialogue
hope someone is out there to brighten up my day
i was just thinking the same thing . school has me bummed out .
i want to go to school but got fired so now have no money for winter session
i get bullied at school so i cannot wait to be older and move
i know how you feel . someone at school found out i like men and women equally
do you have any friends that are nice ?
yes but its hard to hang out with them since i still live at home . you ?
i am at home too but i have one close best friend .
i think i need to find a support group to help me work out things .
that's an good . maybe you can make friends in a club or on a job ?
if i can find a fun new job sounds great .
i'd like a job . i never have enough money lol
if you lived in co you could grow pot . make lots of money !
i do like in denver but i am in high school
persona
i am smart too.
i have big face cheeks.
i'm short.
i like reading.
persona II
my favorite flower is a rose.
my favorite color is orange.
i work as a barista.
i'm a vegan.
i have a cat named jasper.
dialogue
hello ! tell me a little about yourself
hey there , well i am not very tall . you ?
haha , well height isn't the only thing . i am a vegan ! i care about the earth
my cheeks on my face are huge which makes my eyes pop .
oh wow ! you sound like my cat jasper ! he is the best .
i would like jasper . vegan is what i'm currently reading about .
well as a vegan barista , i can tell you there are health and planetary benefits !
i believe i'm smart but i'm not sure i can give up eggs and fish .
you sound smart ! lots of people have trouble giving up eggs and fish .
was it hard for you ?
not too bad . i distracted myself with my favorite things the color orang , roses , etc .
awesome for you but i'll stick with the fish and eggs for now .
i understand . so you are smart , not very tall , and have big cheeks ?
yeah and read . reading is what i do to relax .
persona
i cannot stand beets.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i cannot cook.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
persona II
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
dialogue
hi
hey ! tell me about yourself
i live in celebration florida which is near disney
rip you , you will be underwater soon
i know pretty bummed about the whole hurricane situation
well do not worry soon you wo not be worried anymore .
just got to make it through the next few days at least i am not on the coast
i understand that , do you like to cook ? i suck it at .
i am married with 2 kids so i cook for them a lot
do you ever cook beets ? they make me sick
eh not so much my kids hate them
they're pretty freaking terrible .
persona
i just finished training as a security guard.
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i work nights now and like my job.
i've two dogs.
i m a 30 year old male.
persona II
i love to run.
my favorite city is new york.
my wife just left me.
i am a lawyer.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? tell me about you
well my birthday was last week . i'm bryan by the way .
nice to meet you , my name is tiffany
i just hit the big 30 ! it has been tough besides that unfortunately . carreer changes . . .
whats your career ? mine is in law , i love running
my girlfriend slept with my buddy . so we broke up . security
my wife left me , but i love new york so i think i'll move there
i recently changed to nights full time . no swing shift . i did a half marathon !
1 2 marathon is very impressive . how do you like nights
one of my two dogs i own follows me when i train . i love nights !
what kind of dogs do you have
the training just finished a month ago . poodle and a labrador
nice , i have a yorkie and a great dane
wow ! two totally different sized animals !
right , but you can guess who run things
when will you move to ny ? little dogs are all alike !
persona
i work in finance.
i enjoy playing soccer.
i rent an apartment.
i do not like coffee.
persona II
i want to climb mount everest.
i like to play with clay models.
i have shot a lion.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
dialogue
want to get to know each other ?
sure , how are you today
a little bored . i like excitement
i had boring day cleaning apartment , excitement would be nice
i'm planning to climb mt everest
well that would certainly be exciting
i think so , on my last trip i went big game hunting
i have never hunted , i enjoy sports like playing soccer
i love it , it is a thrill . i got a lion
wow that is crazy ! my job keeps me so busy , i never have time to travel
it is important to me , i also work with clay
like sculpting ? i tried that in past but i wasn't very good at it
i make models . it takes practice
do you like tea ? i hate coffee but love all kinds of tea
i like tea when i relax .
me too , it is perfect for drinking before bedtime
persona
i wish that i could be an animal.
regular life disappoints me.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i don t get along with my family.
persona II
i like to play tennis.
my mother is a dentist.
i'm a baker.
i have 2 sisters.
dialogue
hey , i made the best tasting cake at work today .
sounds good ! what kind was it ?
three layers , chocolate , vanilla and strawberry with a caramel frosting .
awesome ! do you ever wish to be an animal ? i do .
yep , i'd love to be a cat , and sleep 18 hours a day . you ?
kind of . life is disappointing for me . do you agree ?
oh , i'm sorry . want to come play tennis with my two sisters and me ?
maybe . my own family does not get along with me .
well sounds like you need to get out and have fun with friends .
do you ever wonder what space life is like ? i do .
not really . my mom works long hours , i too busy cleaning .
do you like cleaning ?
not really , rather be playing tennis ? are you coming with us today ?
yes i am getting ready right now !
persona
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn't very personally fulfilling.
persona II
favorite band is the beetles.
i like vintage furniture.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
i've a large cd collection.
dialogue
hello there
hey hows it going ?
not bad . how about you ?
everything is well , just finished reading .
right on . i was just practicing playing the bass .
really that is pretty cool . upright or electric ?
electric
who is your favorite bassist ?
paul mccartney
one of mine is thundercat .
right on .
but i really love doing activism .
what kind ?
animal rights .
persona
i'm an artist.
i've four children.
i recently got a cat.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
persona II
i m very shy.
i wear glasses.
i've no children of my own.
i m a children s librarian.
i m recently divorced.
dialogue
hey my friend how are you
pretty good thank you , just put finishing touches on a painting !
sounds fun tired of getting picked on about my glasses
oh don t let that get you down . 2 of my 4 kids have glasses !
sad now i want kids just my man left me so i want to enjoy life
maybe you can start with a cat or something . i just got one .
just want to be alone anyway what name cat
my cat s name is tuna . and you ll never be alone with a pet !
hard to read what you say though sound nice
i was going to get a dog to join me on daily walks but cats are cheaper
dogs will be better and i miss my cat husband took him
bad husband ! you sound better off without him !
i need some space i just like alone time
that sounds healthy actually to know your limits and interests
wonder what my ex is doing
probably sleeping , it seems that s what all exes do
persona
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my dad was a cop.
i'm tall.
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
persona II
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i'm six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
i love to vacation in paris.
dialogue
hey , how is it going ? what are some of your favorite things ?
hey there how are you today ? like cops ?
i do like cops ! i also enjoy the opera ! ever been to one ?
how tall are you ? i bet much shorter then me
maybe ! i'm pretty tall though ! i'm 6 feet !
how much taller you think you are huh ?
5 inches ? what is your favorite car or truck ? i drive my favorite ! want to guess ?
i'm 6 feet 10 an i love red
i drive a 1980 bentley corniche . do you have a favorite vacation spot ?
like water ? i like to ski on it
i love water ! i've been to paris a few times , absolutely beautiful , i love it !
lets go in my free time i like your car too
sure , sounds like a plan , you can be my date
i like to volunteer also
persona
i love hiking and staying fit.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
persona II
i am a college student.
my favorite band is metallica.
i work at the grocery store.
i own 4 cats.
dialogue
crazy cat person here for ya
how man cats do you have ?
i've 4 . i've to work at a grocery store for a cat food discount
that's a good idea . i'm a trainer
do you ever listen to metallica while you train
sometimes , do you like that band ?
they're my favorite ! i rock out to it while walking to my college classes
oh that's cool . do you hike at all ?
i hike to class . my college is up on a hill
that must be a good little work out
it is ! the cats love it
you take them to class with you ?
sometimes . i feel incomplete without them
oh my . i live in vegas , it is hot here
any metallica cover bands in vegas
a few , but i've not gone to see them
persona
i have a little girl.
i wait tables.
i m taking online classes.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my hair is long and brown.
persona II
i want to own a house on a beach.
i love eating at mcdonalds.
my parents both are school teachers.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
dialogue
hi watching nascar with my uncle is fun
hi i'm watching csi . i'm a waitress with long brown hair from ohio .
my parents taught at the local college
very cool , i am currently taking classes online . it is easier with my daughter .
my dream is a beach house for my mom and me
very sweet . i'd love a beach house with roses out front , my favorite .
i've a slight mcdonalds addiction
oh i do not like fast food but it would be convenient .
their shakes make my day plus my ninja broke again
oh i love ice cream and shakes .
yeah shakes not burgers their next door to my moms doctor
do you help take care of your parents ?
yeah my mom dad passed in highschool
oh how sad . i am sorry that must have been hard .
not really his work was more important
his work as a college professor or did he do research ?
persona
my favorite color is red orange.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
i want to be a music teacher.
i play the violin.
my grandma raised me.
persona II
i ve an iphone.
i live with my parents.
my favorite color is red.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i travel often.
dialogue
hey ! i'm dealing with an extended layover for a flight and could use a chat .
hey i'm singing my music
that sounds fun . what kind of music ? did you write it yourself ?
i play the trumpet too
a person with many talents , i see . i wish i had time to learn an instrument .
i teach music and love my grandma
i travel for a living . i am headed to dubai for the first time .
i love the color orange and red
my iphone case is red . that's probably my favorite color , to be honest .
do you watch scary movies
i've seen a few , but they are not really my thing . do you watch them ?
yes i love them so much
i live with my mom and dad and they watch them all the time .
it makes it hard to sleep
i always put on my headset when my parents watch scary things .
that's because you don't like them
persona
i m a college student.
i play football.
i like action movies.
my father is a doctor.
persona II
i live alone.
i live in portland , maine.
i'm an environmental engineer.
i love to hike.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
i am doing great , how about you ?
i am doing well . what is a hobby you have ?
i love playing football . how about you ?
i love to go hiking . that is cool .
i watched a movie about hiking , but my favorite ones are action movies .
cool . those are always fun to watch .
true . what do you do for a living ?
i work as an environmental engineer .
let me guess , you also love photography
not really . i just like to live the experience without photos .
i am studying at the college , i hope to be a doctor like my father
that sounds like a great thing .
it may not be fun , but i know it is a noble profession , saving lives
persona
i like to ride my bike.
i like to play football.
i am a younger guy.
i've beard that's longer.
persona II
i love money.
my mother was a weightlifter.
my feet smell.
i have brown eyes.
dialogue
hi there how are you
i am doing well . just got back from the grocery store . and yourself ?
i am ok , need a shower though . my feet stink !
i need to shave my super long beard ! it is stinky and on my face !
oh wow what color eyes do you have ?
brown . what do you look like ? lol
mine are brown too ! i'm muscular like my mom . she was a weightlifter .
cool . so you are pretty hot ? i'm looking for a gf .
i'm not looking for love . i'd rather have money .
i'm young , dumb , and full of you know what
that's one thing money can not fix !
haha . right . i'm just kidding around . do you like movies ? reading ?
not really , it is a waste of money . i spend my time trying to make more .
i invest in stocks . i will probably be a millionaire one day soon . retired at thirty
persona
i'm a casual dresser.
my car needs some repairs.
i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
my favorite band is nirvana.
persona II
i have won tap dance competitions.
i m really short.
i love to bake cakes.
i've a twin brother.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i miss kurt cobain , i wish he was still alive .
yeah , he was pretty good . i miss chester bennington
i used to make jokes about him , but i am breaking the habit tonight .
haha . i am kinda short but i won a competition in tap dancing
my car sounds like its tap dancing , it needs some serious work
my twin brother works on cars , maybe he can fix it
whoa ! youre a twin ! ? do you ever trade girlfriends to see if they notice ?
lol . no , besides , i'm a girl who had past girlfriends
oh , wrong kind of twin . youre the non identical kind . got it .
haha , i wish i had an identical twin though
same , so they could do my job for me , i am a waitress . what do you ?
i work at bakery where i bake cakes .
are you going to try and get on that one show . . . cake boss ?
persona
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i'm allergic to peanuts.
i will one day own a ferret.
persona II
i'm twenty one years old.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a small pet cat.
i'm currently going to school to be an artist.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
dialogue
my name is rose , 21 years old , want to be an artist . live in ny
hi rose . my name is julie . i live in california .
california dreams ! do you have any pets ?
i have a salt water fish tank that i blog about .
i live in a tiny fish bowl myself . along with prissy my little kitty
lol i love fish but i want to own a ferret someday .
my neighbor accidentally killed hers in a dishwasher accident . for reals
oh man ! that's awful ! sounds messy .
question is . . . would you get a new dishwasher or would bleach be sufficient ?
definitely a new dishwasher . the old one is probably haunted now .
new dishwasher , right ? right . sorry lets talk about something pleasant
lol do you play sports ? my mom taught me when i was little .
i'm an orphan . like annie . what did she teach you
baseball . sice my dad died in the war she had to teach me things .
which war did your dad die in
he died in the star wars
persona
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
persona II
i like rock music.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonalds.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
hello how are you doing
i'm doing very well . just got done with basketball , and had dinner at mcdonalds .
i need help becoming a romantic
i am sorry , i cannot help you there .
i am emotionally a mess
maybe music therapy will help you .
i dropped out of the school
that is horrible , are you going to go back ?
no . i live in my car
i'm sorry , do you need a job ?
yes i do i can not get myself together
go to your nearest mc donalds , they will hire you .
i don't know how to apply
someone there will help you .
i may give that a try
persona
i live in springfield , mo.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i'm a writer.
i love to barbecue.
persona II
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i am in my high school band.
i play the trumpet.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
doing good just got done doing a barbecue on the grill
awesome i'm in a band
awesome ! love music . i love to write and listen to music
i want to direct a movie
i could write the script and you could direct . . lol
i have over 600 movies
my husband has tons of dvds too lost count
yes that would be nice
being from springfield missouri the midwest does not offer much
i can not wait to grow up
do not rush it . . . believe me stay young
i need to go work at circus
haha you'd be on the road all the time
persona
my father is dead.
i play piano.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i m an only child.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
dialogue
hello , i'm looking for the love of my life ! you ?
hi i have a boyfriend but he's military so never home
oh , no ! i always do my hair and make up so i look good !
that's a good thing . whats your favorite color ? i like yellow
i like red ! most of my workout clothes are red ! do you work out ?
i do sometimes when i'm not playing piano i inherited dads when he passed
i love my marketing job . since i've no siblings i work a lot .
i've a sister but we are not close there is an age gap
how much of an age gap ?
12 years between us so we do not have much in common
that is not good . i work out so i look good .
that makes sense i should work out more to
i like to jump rope . what else can you tell me about you ?
i really like netflix originals and tv in general as long as no commercials
i hate those things but than again i don't have a tv .
oh that has to be rough
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i've two tattoos.
i've a cat named speckles.
i work in an office.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm ok . just hangin out watching game of thrones . show is awesome
oh i love that show
its awesome right ? whats your favorite color ?
i'd have to say black
black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?
yes i do since i work all day
yea i understand that . nothing like a home cooked meal though
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a producer . mainly pop music . i love it !
what city are you from ?
i live in new york city actually
i am in california . ever been ?
yes i love the west coast . very pretty out there
persona
ferrari is my favorite car company.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
i own many cars.
i like watching sports.
persona II
i work at mcdonald.
i like to play video games.
i have a pet iguana.
my favorite movie is star wars.
dialogue
hey , whats your favorite movie ?
i do not really like movies , i prefer to watch sports .
ahh . favorite sport then ?
i really like basketball . what about you ?
mines not a typical sport . i like rally races
what is a rally race ?
subaru off roading , pretty much
oh . my favorite cars are ferraris , so i like to watch them race .
i'm not a big sports car person , lol . i need a car that can get dirty
i own a lot of different cars .
nice ! i own an iguana , but that is about it for expensive things
does he have a name ?
his name is gary . like the snail
i like that name , ahahah
persona
i look down on people who didn t.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
i work in finance.
persona II
i am excellent at playing pool.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
i want to write a book before i die.
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
dialogue
what are you doing today ?
hi not much i just got home from work
what do you do for work ?
i'm in the financial sector you ?
i'm a teacher . for middle school . i teach art
nice what college did you attend ?
i'm not in college anymore but i went to unt
cool i went to yale
awesome that is a great school . what goals do you have in life ?
make as much money as i can although too much goes to tax
that's a good goal . i want to visit the great pyramids one day
that would be pretty cool what do you do in your spare time ?
i play pool . i'm really good at it . win almost every game
i played before but i'm not very good
practice makes perfect . i used to be bad at it .
i typically just drink at the bar i really am bad at pool
persona
i've long curly hair.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i m really into the powers of crystals.
i sew my own clothes.
persona II
i drive a truck for a living.
my favorite sport is football.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i am former military.
i recently bought a camper.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
awesome . my chakras are all aligned
do you work out a lot ? i do
i work in my garden growing plants all day . what do you look like ?
i am a pretty big guy , i play a lot of football
i do not , i just wash my curly head .
i'm a truck driver , i do not like straight hair .
keep a quartz gem in your truck for good luck . i've curls for days .
nice i served so my truck is a pretty safe place .
i used to make clothes for soldiers in iraq . i am a tailor .
do you work out ? i am at the gym four days a week .
no i am very weak . i rely on the strength of magic stones .
i am the new owner of a camper do your stones start fires ?
some can yes . i also grew some sage which is good to burn .
i like the smell of sage , can i've some ?
yeah , i've tons , and other herbs too .
yes ! let us smoke it up
yes ! we should all smoke the herbs .
alright well , take it easy
ok enjoy the day and be good .
persona
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i'm not afraid of what others think.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i was raised by two mothers.
i can be quite forgetful.
persona II
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hey there , i'm great . i've two moms .
my name is beth , whats yours ?
cody and boy my memory sucks .
that's ok lol my eyesight sucks
do you like italian food ? it is the best .
its alright i mean i like pizza but only with white sauce
you see okay with gla . ses ? my partner is an astronaut ,
yeah but i only have reading glasses at the time
oh i hope you get some glasses soon .
me too but i'm trying to get contacts and those are not cheap or free
true . people get all worked up and honestly i could care less .
worked up over what exactly
anything . i'm just a f
persona
my favorite color is hunter green.
i am a personal chef.
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
persona II
people in school said i was quiet.
i listen to linking park , i do not know why.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i was diagnosed with autism.
i have not done anything since high school.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? i've been busy playing games at the arcade .
i love watching movies and sleeping
i enjoy listening to music , especially linking park , but i'm not sure why .
i also love to cook i'm my own chef
i do not have a job , i've not done much since high school
i want to own my own business one day
i don't think i could do that , i am a quiet person
my favorite color is green
i was recently diagnosed with autism
oh no i'm so sorry to hear that
it explains some things , why i was always quiet in school .
you should sleep all day
i probably could , only get out to go to the arcade
well that sounds like fun
persona
we just bought a house near her parents.
my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.
i'm proposing tonight.
i graduated college last week.
persona II
my name is tom.
i try to watch what i eat.
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
i am east asian.
dialogue
hi i am tom and i am eating my favorite thing , pizza
hi . pizza sounds good . i am nervous , proposing to my girlfriend tonight .
oh awesome you should take her to an italian restaurant who does not love that
so true . we already bought a house and she's 6 months pregnant so i think she will accept .
wow ! ! ! that's so cool , i better keep trying to watch what i eat maybe i'll find someone
you will . we went to school together i got my college diploma just last week .
congrats i got mines a few years after moving here i am from east asia
i'd love to visit there . never really traveled , guess we wo not now .
well its never too late to explore
our house is near her parents , that's what makes me most nervous about things .
well that means you will have help when the baby arrives
so true . anything else interesting you would like to share ?
persona
i just bought my first home.
i love to barbecue.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i am a writer.
persona II
i work at a candy store.
i've a passion for politics.
i played football in college.
i've been married for five years.
dialogue
hey how is everything ? are you watching the football game ?
it good . who is playing ?
the texans vs . bengals . love football , it reminds me of when i played in college .
i can only watch the nfl
yeah its a nice break from all of the news of politics .
have you been keeping up ?
i have since i unfortunately have a passion for it .
i try to keep up
i am somewhat in envy of the kids i serve who are oblivious to it .
what do you do for a living ?
i own a local candy store .
do you eat any of it ?
i'd love to but my wife somehow has a nose for when i do .
does she not let you ?
being with her for five years , she's my health police .
ahe sounds very controlling lol
persona
i love my girlfriend.
i live in the city.
i work in a bookstore.
i've an older brother.
persona II
i am the youngest sibling of four.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i am a school psychologist.
chocolate is my favorite food.
i geocache in my spare time.
dialogue
i love chocolate foods it is so good
my girlfriend loves chocolate , its her favorite thing
really ? do you have siblings ? like instruments ?
i do , i've a brother , few minutes older than me . don't like instruments much
i'm in college to help people out .
what do you mean by that ? i'm a cashier in a bookstore
what do i mean by what ?
in college to help people .
oh no that was accident , i am young lol
oh that is cool , do you live in like a major city ?
no not yet , learning the human brain .
that is kind of cool any dissection ?
i use geocache do you know what that's ?
nope , not at all ? what is it
persona
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
madonna is my all time favorite.
i work in retail.
i love music.
persona II
i surf often.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i was an army brat.
i am a nurse.
i'm a great baker.
dialogue
how how is it going ?
i am great a little tired
oh do you work late ? how come ?
yes sometimes i do . i like listening to music
that is cool . i like to listen to music a lot when i surf
that is cool i attend alot of concerts .
not bad , do you like donuts ?
yes donuts are great haha
i am an amazing baker i bet you would like mine
i am sure i would after selling clothes all day
oh you sell clothing ? that's cool what kind ?
yes i do . trendy clothes what people will buy lol
not bad . are you married ?
no i am not married
persona
i secretly love watching we wrestling.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyers office.
my family owns a grocery store.
persona II
i am a mother of two daughters.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.
i work as a english teacher.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am great you ? just watching some wwe
alright . my two daughters love that show .
i've no kids i work at a lawyers office
is it fun ? i'm an english teacher .
better than working at my parents grocery store
that must have been tough .
ll not really just boring
my dream is to be a writer one day .
i dream about cafes in paris
we should go there together one day .
morsure ! would love to do that
get ready for the plane ride though . i love telling stories .
its not so bad like 5 6 hour flight
persona
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i love to work in my garden.
i am an older guy.
i like to create art.
my favorite band is ween.
persona II
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i like to read.
my husband was a career soldier.
i have 4 children.
i'm a senior citizen.
dialogue
how are you doing this evening ?
i am ok . you ? a long day of making art . haha
unless you count finger painting with my grandchildren , i would not know ,
i'm an older gentleman myself and have a few grandchildren as well .
indeed ? my husband was a soldier , until he passed .
i'm sorry to hear . favorite food ?
honestly anything easy to chew . what is yours ?
my favorite is sushi , pizza , and tacos . haha
wow . adventurous . i don't do anything more exciting than reading .
i like to work in my garden as well . reading is awesome .
i wish i had a garden . i used to love tomatoes . how many kids do you have ?
i've 1 daughter and one grandson . i love my garden .
what sorts of things do you like to grow ?
haha . i like to grow all kinds of things . cucumbers mostly .
yeah . cukes are good . i have 4 kids and a gaggle of grandkids .
a gaggle ? interesting choice of words . haha
persona
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
i ve never been a fan of sports.
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
persona II
on weekends i like to go hiking.
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
i just graduated college.
my major was american literature and education.
dialogue
hi what is your name ?
debra and i don't like sports ,
ok debra i enjoy hiking , do you go to college ?
no college but i have discovered i am good at a sport .
i see i enjoy reading american literature what do you enjoy ?
i could make money at it . i like tennis .
yes tennis is great . i now teach elementary school
being a secretary isn't as great as a teacher .
secretary is a good job did you go to college ?
i graduated 4 years ago . work keeps me from practicing but i've started archery classes .
very exciting is archery a sport ?
i think so . do you teach literature ?
oh yes i starting teaching american literature next week to them
that is awesome . hope they grasp it .
persona
my nickname is bubblegum.
my brother and i have bright red hair.
i am plotting on taking over the world.
i love to sing in the shower.
i have found the cure for the common cold.
persona II
i eat a lot of fish.
i own a boat.
i live near the ocean.
i only wear tennis shoes.
my favorite author is jane austen.
dialogue
hi ! tell me a bit about yourself !
hi ! well the major thing you won'tice about me in person is my bright red hair .
oh really ! i ai not seen a lot of redheads around here . you irish ?
sure am ! how about yourself ?
well the ocean is practically my home . always out sailin
i'm more of singing in the shower type of person , or swimming in a pool .
ah come on , you haven't lived until you have swam with the wildlife of the ocean .
no thanks ! i'll stick my toes in . that's it . what else do you do for fun ?
i like to go fishin and read while i'm waiting . love me som jane austin . you ?
i like mystery books . i'm a big fan of the da vinci code series .
nah those are too intense for me , i am more of a chill guy
no plot to take over the world books , huh ?
nah , not for me . what kinda food you like ?
i am a stickler for pasta . how about yourself ?
fish ! catfish is my favorite
i have never had catfish . i do enjoy cod , perch , and salmon though !
persona
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i am quiet but confident.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i think food trucks are awesome.
i'm not really a blond.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i've a doberman.
i work on trucks.
i'm twenty five years old.
i am a man.
dialogue
i love working on trucks with my pup doberman .
i like trucks that sell food
ha , not the kind this guy works on .
oh okay yeah i'm not serious
hey i love a good food truck pizza as much as the next man .
i've to go to this store and i'm new to it and i'm anxious about it
what kind of store ? you should pick up pizza . if you couldn't tell its my favorite .
well its a clothing store actually and i am not good at parking
then i would recommend not doing it with cars around you .
good idea in case i hit one maybe ?
with my job i park a lot of trucks .
i guess you get used to it so now your good at it
yup , at 25 i'm a professional parker .
so let me ask you did you grow up with both parents ?
yes , as uncommon as it can be did .
with me my brother took care of me when i was little
persona
i work in a factory.
i don't eat well.
i am very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i am not social.
persona II
i have not spoken to my family in years.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
dialogue
hi ! do you come from a big family ?
hi no i'm the only child . do you
yes , but i cannot tell you the last time i spoke to them .
that is sad i know you miss them
i do , but on facebook i have more than 4000 friends . kinda helps .
yeah friends can help a lot more than you think . i don't like to socialize much
me either . i get uncomfortable in formal situations . you ?
i'm very depressed and do not eat a lot i'm only dedicated to my job .
oh i'm sorry to hear that . i've a confessions as well .
that is life i guess . what do you do for a living
i like to hitchhike . it is something i enjoy . kinda scary as well .
that is pretty dangerous . i make couches at a factor
that is cool . i live for suspense . i've a boring day job .
factory sorry about the typo . where do you go after you find rides ?
persona
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
i am 29 years old.
i'm a night owl.
i live in a suburb of boston.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
persona II
i am a wife.
i live by a lake.
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i love my grandchildren.
i am a mother.
dialogue
good morning , how are you today ?
doing great , nice to meet you .
would like to get to know you better . any children ?
no children in my life , just 29 and a night owl .
still young and energetic then . i have 3 older sons .
do you have any hobbies ?
i own my own shop . i do custom upholstery . you ?
i enjoy hiking and riding my bike .
nice , do you own any pets ? my grandchildren fill that spot .
no pets either , too much running around , i live in boston , you ?
oh , pets take time for sure . i live in the country , upstate on a lake .
i love the lake , lay back and listen to music , you have a favorite musician ?
love the eagles . classic but they're great .
my favorite is pearl jam .
age differences , haha . i don't know them . my husband might .
thanks for the conversation , was fun getting to know you . have a nice day .
persona
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i have two tattoos.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i work in an office.
i've a cat named speckles.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
hey . i'm doing well . how about yourself ?
i'm great , thanks ! do you have any pets ? i've one cat ! her name is speckles .
i don't have any pets . do you work ?
yes , in an office ! and you ?
i'm very wealthy . i live on a private island and go diving alot
oh , cool ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to knit
just the snorkeling really . i climb trees and eat mangos . i live in paradise
that's pretty cool . do you have any tattoos ? i've two myself .
are they of a rose and thorns ? just curious
actually , yes , one of them is .
are they on your feet ? do you wear jewelry ?
yes , they're . i love jewelry ! i go shopping often for it .
is it silver ? that's my favorite
persona
i'm studying to become a nurse.
i'm a paramedic.
i live in a studio apartment.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i have three sisters.
persona II
i have went to mexico 4 times this year.
my wife doesn't like me anymore.
i like to ski.
i hate mexican food.
i like to eat cheetos.
dialogue
hello how is your weekend going ?
great , enjoying a break from my hectic schedule
i hear ya on the hectic schedule . i have gone to mexico four times already this year .
i'm a paramedic and nursing student , what do you do ?
i'm a doctor ! good luck in nursing school tough career .
awesome ! ! ! wish i could push for doctor
its a lot of work . my wife and i do not get along anymore because of it .
sorry to hear that . my sisters think i am too busy for them .
its the curse of the profession . i escape by skiing . what about you ?
i get lost in a beatles album .
gotta love the beatles . classic .
absolutely . ringo starr is my fave .
persona
my father worked for ge.
i love animals.
i am an aspiring singer.
i enjoy playing tennis.
persona II
i'm the youngest in my family.
my favorite color is blue.
my passion is photography.
i'm a freshman at nyu.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you
i'm ok . people make me sad
i love to take pictures of people
i don't much enjoy people anymore
me either i love blue
i enjoy animals , they always care
yes they do i love my puppy
my parents are not very nice
mine either but it is going to be alright
aw , thank you so much , you are really nice
thank you people tell me i'm great
you are great , you matter to me
thank you for your kindness
i jut adore kind people
me too they make the world a better place
this is a hard worl
persona
i'm a mother.
i love to read and cook.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
my favorite food is mexican food.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
persona II
i am an excellent student.
i'm very popular and have a lot of friends.
i couldn't live without my dog , bart.
i'll graduate from college in two years.
dialogue
hello how are you today
two kids , chef , nurse and author . you ?
i'm a student in college and captain of the cheer squad
oh okay . rolling stones are my fave . what are your school colors ?
blue and black , i'm so popular regardless my anxiety
i see . i read angel investor . you ?
i read james patterson , can't wait to graduate in 2 years ! !
great ! i cook and love mexican food . you ?
i live for asian cuisine but my dog bart not a fan of it . .
get out ! me too ! i wrote angel investor for my children . you have children ?
not til after college but my boyfriend and i've been dating since junior year in highschool
really ? hospitals make this nurse sick . whats your major ?
i'm going for a degree in computer programming
you go girl ! john and wayne are my sons . you sing or dance ?
persona
i can be quite forgetful.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
i was raised by two mothers.
persona II
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn't very personally fulfilling.
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi , i'm doing well . how are you ? i had two mothers growing up
that is cool . no dad huh ? what do you do on your free time ?
i like food . and i am worried what others think about me not having had a dad
everyone likes food ! i like reading books written by strong women .
i love spaghetti and meatballs . i'm quite forgetful
since you have 2 moms i bet you are really liberal .
i am very liberal . are you ?
yes , i am a activist and like to educate myself on political issue .
that is interesting . what political issues are you looking into right now
currently , women rights ! i feel like i am really contributing to society via activism .
that is awesome . women should have as much rights has men
i absolutely agree , women are just as strong and capable .
exactly . i agree completely . i was raised by two moms i'm sure of it
persona
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i like to only eat fish.
i've amazing eye sight.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i'm a democrat.
persona II
i love fall and winter.
i have brown hair.
i like sleeping in.
i like eating healthy foods.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
have you ever seen anyone jump straight up from inside a pool ?
nope , but i have seen the fall
i jump for democracy and the democrat party
oh , no . really , but when did you do this ?
last week at the met in new york
sleeping in with my friends in newyork i love that
great fish market in new york . my favorite !
fish is healthy right ? i love eating foods that's healthy
i am pretty sure . if not , no one told me ! i only eat fish
those healthy foods makes my brown hair healthy too
i can see that from here d
especially during winter and fall my favorites
i love winter ! but i don't miss the cold
persona
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i dropped out of high school.
persona II
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i love languages and reading
what kind of phone do you use ?
i didn't finished high school but i read three books in seven days
do you ever go snorkeling
i use a lg phone and use it to read books
lg that's a far inferior phone compared to iphones
i am afraid of water because it may get my books wet . . .
that is a shame i love to go snorkeling
my lg phone allows me to read in english and french
what do you like to eat in the mornings ?
how long can you hold your breath ? i read when i was only three
i can hold my breath for ages
i like to eat eggs , hot dogs and milk and coffee .
persona
i am a teacher.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i have three children.
i like to garden.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
persona II
my brother lives in england.
i've a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite tv show is friends.
my favorite food is sushi.
i own my own business.
dialogue
i love friends and sushi . you have a fave tv show ?
i love those same things ! i got 3 of my kids to love them , too !
wow ! england is where my brother lives . you self employed ? i am .
no , teaching is my job . i garden in my free time . what about you ?
no gardening here . in mexico i have a timeshare . you have siblings ?
yep , i have 9 . i live in a major city but more on the suburb side .
wow ! 9 huh ? i sell cable boxes . what do you teach ?
crafting of all kinds . but secondary english education is what i graduated with .
you go ! i am impress ! you sing ?
i do , but not good . do you ?
yes ! all the time . you dance ?
i do , but not good at that either . but i do it anyway !
good for you ! i cook but not a chef . you cook ?
i cook sometimes . i mostly eat out .
hmmm . what you growing in the garden ?
lettuce , cucumber , carrot , and even a pineapple !
persona
i love chocolate milk shakes.
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
my best friend is my dog allie.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
persona II
i'm 19 years old.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i recently made the college baseball team.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
dialogue
hi , how are ya ?
good and you ?
good , watching mike trout play baseball .
i'm not much of a baseball fan
oh , i play in college going to be a shortstop someday . you like any sports ?
i can watch football
ll . i'm 19 i like baseball and baking . odd combination
yes that is odd . you are a male ?
yes .
what do you like to bake ? do you have a gf ?
yes , i do , i bake pies with my grandma .
do you go to school ?
yes in missouri . how about you ?
i am a college student from cali
fun in the sun lol !
cant wait for halloween so i can dress up
persona
my mind is set on things above.
i hate evil.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
persona II
i am one of four children.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i work some very odd jobs.
dialogue
how are you this fine evening ?
honestly , i've been thinking about how weak and selfish i'm . i want to change
oh no . i bet you are just hard on yourself . change what ?
i want to change me . my heart aches from a broken relationship
do you have siblings that can help ? my 3 sisters are always helpful for me .
are they ? maybe i should just trust god
you sure can do that . do you hike or do anything physical ?
yes , i like to go up high , set my mind on things above
me too . it gets my mind off things like work . do you work ?
no , everywhere i work it just feels evil . i don't like evil . what about you ?
hate it . especially to animals . do you have pets ?
no , i think i should get one to bring me comfort , you ?
i have 4 cats . they're comforting for sure , but make it hard to travel .
do you like to travel ?
persona
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
people don't like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to watch people pray together.
persona II
favorite band is the beetles.
i collect stamps.
i've a large cd collection.
i like vintage furniture.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am great ! so great i would like to know if you know god ?
i know him somewhat . can anyone ever fully know god ?
yes sir ma am ! its all in the bible
not much of a reader . i've a ton of cds though !
well , thankfully there's bible on cd know a days , sorry to be so straightfoward .
that is true . oh it is okay we all have things we are passionate about
yes like christian electronic dance music , just found out it exists , got any cds ?
no idea it existed either haha i have the beetles though . they are my fav !
beetles are life ! i met them , i hoped they liked me . . .
you met them ? ! ? that's amazing !
i attended their fundraiser for the poor , i'm crazy giving ! i love to help people !
i have not done anything cool like that . i have a pretty boring past time
boring past time . . . there's such a thing . . . what is it ?
i like to gather rare stamps . . . or go shopping for vintage furniture haha
next time i am in church , i will keep you and your hobbies in my prayers lol
ahahah i really need it . maybe instead of shopping i'll start helping people like you
amen ! ! ! your credit card debt will thank you .
persona
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passat.
i eat too much fast food.
i'm a national guard officer.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
persona II
my favorite city is new york.
my wife just left me.
i love to run.
my favorite food is steak.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you
on leave right now , and probably eating too much fast food , but i'm well
my spouse left me last night
i am sorry to hear that . how are you holding up ?
i am very sad and lonely
i let work distract me when i feel down . i am an officer in the guard .
i loved steak she did not
a steak sounds nice ! i eat out too much .
i love going to new york
as do i ! i love the wintry weather there , the cold and snow .
i'm going to find a new wife
i wish you well ! i have a nice car and it helps me . 2011 volkswagen passat .
i may go to new york to find her
i wish you luck , friend . may you find your happiness .
i run every where i don't drive
i had a lot of running in the national guard . i prefer driving now .
persona
we also have three dogs and two cats.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
persona II
i like my job.
i like going to the beach.
i used to work for a cable company.
i love to ride my bike.
i have a dog named george.
dialogue
hi . my dogs name is george . do you have animals ?
yes ! ! i've 3 dogs and a couple of crazy cats !
cats ! you are brave ! i like to take george to the beach . you ?
person rufus hates water ! i take my 14 and 12 yr old kids often
i enjoy bike riding and work . i use to work at cable company . not fun .
sounds boring ll i am a physical therapist and my wife a nurse in h . s .
sounds much more exciting . how long have you been married ? where did ya meet ?
my names john , married 15 years ! i am bummed , just lost 2 dogs .
i am so sorry to hear that ! so , you had 4 dogs and 2 cats ?
i had 3 dogs . the 2 that died we just buried in the yard .
sorry about that . do you want more animals ? more kids ?
no , i still remember 5 animals and 2 kids . need some rest .
persona
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i work at a power plant.
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
a little tired . it was a long day babysitting .
so do you do babysitting for a living ?
only when i need extra money to pay the bills . what do you do ?
i work in a factory boring job
sounds boring . how do you get to work ?
i was able to get a new sports car
wow ! i don't drive . i take the bus if i need to go somewhere .
so what is your hobby ?
i just take care of my home and babysit sometimes . what color is your car ?
i have a shin red car
snazzy ! if i drove i would get me a bright yellow car !
persona
i work out to look good.
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i m an only child.
persona II
i've two kids.
i am fairly conservative in politics.
i work at amazon.
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym
nice , i'm just at amazon , fulfilling orders . i work here .
don't forget to exercise every now and again good for
thanks for the tip , i forget sometimes . i exercise with my 2 kids though .
that is always a plus me and my kids work out all the time
you seem to love working out , that's great . i need to make more time
yeah it was hard for me at first but i wanted to look better and feel better
that makes sense . i am very interested in robotics too .
but hey you work at amazon that must be exciting
yes , i just like this big company and i like to shop here too .
i shop there every chance i get
what do you like shopping for ?
everything from bedding , outdoors , and sporting goods
do you like doing things outdoors like camping ?
i love camping and my backyard but not past it
persona
i'm a sixth grade teacher.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i am allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i coach the girls volley ball team.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
persona II
i've no children of my own.
i am recently divorced.
i wear glasses.
i am a childrens librarian.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
good , how about you ? i'm getting ready
i am good just finalizing my divorce
this is good , right ? i am going to karaoke tonight
yes good . what will you sing
i'm going to take a random song , will your divorce be finalized soon ?
yes but i wear very big glasses
by choice ? i'm going to applebees to sing
no not by choice its because i have no kids
which is strange . because i'm allergic to apples . i have 25 kids
25 kids wow you have been a busy bee
lol i teach the 6th grade . i eat apples anyway , they keep bringing them
i am a childs library teacher
that is cool , i am a volley ball coach
persona
i graduated college a few years ago.
i prefer summer over winter.
i was born outside the us.
i ve a big family.
persona II
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.
i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i am in college and ride my bike .
i am fine , i graduated a few years ago .
i supplement my income by writing short stories , what do you do ?
this is tough , i work full time .
i only work part time , at a daycare . i love kids
i love kids , i've a lot of brothers .
i only have two , they are both older . how many do you have ?
i've 4 brothers and 9 cats .
that's a lot of cats ! what kind are they ?
they are all rescues , just regular cats .
rescues are the very best ! i've a rescue rabbit .
i love bunnies . we are getting rain here today .
it is slightly chilly , thankfully the sun is out .
i dread winter , i'm a summer person .
persona
i'm a freshman at nyu.
i am the youngest in my family.
my favorite color is blue.
i've two older brothers.
my passion is photography.
persona II
i am a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i work with my wife.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
dialogue
hello . how are you this evening ?
doing well . i hope you are as well
doing great . what do you do for work ?
i'm a student . my first year at nyu
that's great ! my wife and i are both zookeepers .
oh what that's amazing i love the zoo . whats your favorite animal ?
i have to say the tiger . we have now trained over 20 types of animals !
that's wonderful . i bet baby tigers are soooo cute
what are you studying for at college ? baby tigers are adorable !
i am still trying to decide .
i am sure you'll decide soon . any hobbies ?
photography is the thing i am most passionate about . i also do a lot of theater work
how nice ! every since my wife beat breast cancer we travel in our spare time .
that is great news all around . where is your favorite place to travel ?
persona
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
i m a profesional translator.
i m currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i want to become an author.
persona II
i own four german shepherds.
i only buy convertible cars.
i have created my own personal religion.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
dialogue
hello ! would you like me to tell you about myself ?
hello , and yes i would love that .
i live with my four german shepard dogs .
wow ! i've always wanted a german shepard !
do you have any pets ?
i have a pet kitten . her name is rose .
how long have you had your kitten ?
i've had her just a few weeks . she is a baby .
what does she like ? my dogs like rides in my convertible , so i only buy convertibles .
she loves sitting on my lap while i write . i want to be an author .
have you ever written about ghosts ? i believe in ghosts .
no , i'm writing a thriller . ghosts are cool .
after seeing ghosts several time . i created my own person religion about ghosts .
that's really interesting ! awesome !
what is something out of the ordinary about yourself ?
i can write with both hands at the same time !
persona
i am allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i coach the girls volley ball team.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i am a sixth grade teacher.
persona II
i like to play baseball.
i have 2 kids.
i am a doctor.
my favorite place is the mountains.
my wife is a nurse.
dialogue
hi , hows it going today ?
i love apples but i'm allergic to them
my kids love granny apples
i love kids and i teach them for a living
rewarding job , i work at a hospital
do you like karaoke , i love it on friday
its cool , wouldn't go singing myself though lol
do you like crosswords ? i love doing them
i am into baseball and hiking
that is great , i also love football
you like just about everything lol
crocheting is probably my favorite though along with coaching
persona
i am a cat owner.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my brother is an archaeologist.
my mom is an osteopath.
persona II
i aspire to be a millionaire.
i go to yoga.
i used to be a meat eater but i m now a vegan.
my favorite sport is hockey.
dialogue
hi i just got out of yoga how are u
great i just spilled my coffee all over my desk ! my name is jude
ouch careful , i aspire to get rich n take care of my family
me too ! we are planning to move to israel
wow neat i recently became a vegan
i hope that works out for you . my cat likes meat scraps
i hope it does i really like the guy
have you ever heard of beit alfa in israel ?
no i bet it is really nice
my brother works there , so i get to see stuff
ahh well they do not have much hockey there i would be bored
ha ha do you have any pets ?
3 dogs and a bearded dragon , you ?
whoa ! just a little cat with one blue eye and one hazel . like me
persona
i have a new job selling cars.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to paint pictures.
my wife use to be a teacher.
persona II
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i m a vegetarian.
i take the subway to work everyday.
i m afraid of clowns.
i have four cats.
dialogue
hello , what are some phobias or fears you might have ?
hi , getting locked into a car or spilling paint on my floor , you ?
oh , so i am guessing you are claustrophobic
yes . i love pizza . what do you love ?
i love snakes , salads , smoothies , lol
that's so cool ! my woman use to teach cooking classes .
oh okay , what is your gender ?
i am a male and i just started a job as a car salesman . you ?
i am a female and i work as a mystery shopper , fun right ?
do you ever play jokes or find good paintings ?
do you know what a mystery shopper is ?
yes . how long have you been doing it for ?
i have been doing it for a good 3 months now , i am still quite new
that sounds nice . i like to paint pictures .
are you selling them , i would happily purchase one
yes , they cost 1 , 000 each . how many do you want ?
persona
i love hockey.
i ve flown out of the country.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
i studied business as my major.
i ve a younger sibling.
persona II
i like to read.
i listen to podcasts.
i've a long drive to work.
i am a diabetic.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
i am good do you read
i used to a lot , just do not have the time for it now
what did you read then
well my favorites were the harry potter series
which book is your favorite
the order of the phoenix , do you have a favorite ?
mine is the half blood prince yeah
do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hockey
i do not like sports really
what do you do in your spare time ?
podcasts mostly i love them
you make them ? or just listen
i listen to lots of them
that's pretty cool , thanks for chatting
persona
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i love watching superheroes shows.
persona II
i like to watch mma.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
dialogue
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
i and fine just watching superhero shows
i love weight lifting not going for squats ever
and am reading a book on my samsung tablet now . i do not like apple
lol i do , like protein drinks ?
i just spilled some protein drinks on 2 monitors at work
oh no well i use water in mine
no i have to replace the 2 monitors . what else you like ?
watching tv , the mma is dope
i think its dope as well
yes like any weapons ? like knifes ?
i like swords i collect them
what kind ? i do also
i like asian swords like the ones in the movies
cool , i like the police do you ?
sting and the police ? i love them . i've wax from them
persona
i ve never been to the city.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
my name is omar.
i am the youngest of three brothers.
persona II
i love fall and winter.
i've brown hair.
i like sleeping in.
i like eating healthy foods.
i sometimes wonder why i m not married.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
enjoying , how about you tonight
i'm good trying to figure out why i'm not married
i'm from ohio , you ?
i am too that's cool i like fall but summer is better
i have three brothers , i am the youngest
i like to sleep in late and stay up all night
i like music , i play guitar very well
my hair is brown but i might dye it blue
oh , what is your favorite dish
i like to eat anything healthy
great , i like pizza and meat
i do too but they are so bad for you
way because , this is very good dish
i imagine it is i would like to try it
ok , i'm a carpenter , what is your profession ?
persona
i am in love with adam levine.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i love eating kale.
i have two cats.
i've two children under ten.
persona II
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
i drive a honda that is seen better days.
i'm looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
dialogue
hello mate .
hey ! my kids keep pulling the cats tails ! do you have kids or cats ?
sadly no . i'd love one to watch sitcoms with .
ll . i wish i had time for sitcoms ! i prefer reality tv
my reality tv is talking to strangers on the subway .
that sounds like fun ! i'm working on improving my diet . low iron . . .
my exercise is walking to work when my old honda does not want to start .
old cars are rough , i sympathize ! my kids mess up my car constantly !
i listen to fall out boy cd every day to make it better .
music improves things for sure ! i love to eat kale . you ?
it does . no , veggies and i aren't the best of friends .
ll , me too . but kale is an exception for me ! my kids wo not touch it !
how many kids do you have ?
two kids . keeps me busy for sure ! running around constantly
persona
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i'm an anime fan.
my job involves building drones.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i go to multiple comic cons.
persona II
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
my favorite band is up.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm doing well , how are you ?
me ! whats the craziest thing you have ever done ?
lets see . . . i cosplay at comic conventions . not sure if that counts as crazy
depends on what you go as lol i fell up a whole flight of stairs
oh wow that is crazy lol
what is your fav food ?
i really love japanese food , especially ramen
yum ! i make french fires at home with the little roman packs for salt
that sounds tasty . i should try that sometime . do you like anime ?
yeah i little . i mostly listen to music do you like up ?
i'm more into techno . house , trance , d b , stuff like that
cool . what else do you like cars ?
not really . i am not much of a gearhead , but i do make drones for work
persona
rock music is my favorite.
i'm afraid of the dark.
i design video games for a living.
my mom is my best friend.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
i love 80 s music.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i'm fascinated with ghosts.
dialogue
i love music from the eighties !
i like rock it is my favorite
i like the music that talk about ghosts . they are really interesting .
what is the name of it ? i do not like the dark
i've never been good with names , but i know the singer has yellow hair .
i like the day time . what is your favorite color ?
day time is great . i like yellow . what about you ?
yellow was my grandmothers favorite color ! !
i always wanted to be an architect . what did you want to be when you grew up ?
i like to design things i work for a video gaming company
i love games , do you make games with ghosts ?
yes i make all the things i'm afraid of
even the dark ? maybe you can add some happy music from the eighties !
do you make money online doing anything else ? i'm looking around
i just signed up with a site that allows me to buy bitcoin .
i can not figure out bitcoin ugh
persona
i live near the ocean.
i hate red meat.
i love to surf.
i love watching sunsets.
persona II
i live a lie.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i'm a painter.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
how are you doing tonight ?
not doing so good , my wife thinks i'm lazy and poor . she hates me
oh no , i'm so sorry to hear that . i'm sure you are a good guy .
the thing is i actually won the lottery , but i did not tell anyone . its been 6 years !
wow ! why did you not tell anyone ?
because i did not want things to change , but now i'm living a lie
oh no . what do you like to do ?
well , i paint and i like it . organic scenes with trees specifically . so pretty
i would love to paint scenes of the ocean . i have grown up here .
that sounds amazing . what do you do where you are ?
i am a great teacher , i teach my sons to surf after work .
maybe my wife would not think i'm lazy if i took surf lessons
that might be a good idea ! you should take her out to dinner as well
that is a good idea . see , i need some tips
is she a vegetarian ? maybe take her to a nice dessert place
persona
i am on a diet.
i can t drive.
i am a house wife.
i've been married eight years.
persona II
i'm in college.
i like to swim.
i'm a social butterfly.
i exercise everyday.
dialogue
i think exercise is so important . how about you ?
absolutely ! as well as a healthy diet .
my favorite exercise is swimming . how about you ?
running , as i cannot drive . i have to walk everywhere , unless my husband takes me .
what is your current job that you do ?
my husband works irregular hours , making it difficult for us both to work .
i attend college myself . do you like parties ?
no , i like peace and quiet .
not me . i love to be with people ! do you have hobbies ?
i garden and am involved with the police wives charity .
what do the police wives charity do ?
we raise money for various projects . currently , shop with a cop .
great . do you ever swim ?
i do . i grew up surfing .
persona
my favorite sport is basketball.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
i am an avid runner.
i live in canada , near ontario.
persona II
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm great , thanks for asking ! where do you live ?
in a car in la
oh i live near ontario ! !
i see ! i'm looking for a job !
cool ! doing what ? i wish i could play basketball . it is my favorite spot
well , i am not sure . i dropped out of college
ah ! do you like sports ?
some , but i'm not sure is air hockey is a port !
that counts ! i love the vancouver grizzlies .
i have never heard of that !
really ? well , what do you do in your free time ?
well , i go to the movie , play mario on n64 , stuff like that !
cool ! i love the n64 great system .
persona
i like video games.
i'm diabetic.
i've never been employed.
my mother worked for apple.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
persona II
i teach kindergarten.
my class has 26 kids.
i graduated college in 2016.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach at a large school.
dialogue
how are you ? what do you do for work ?
i play video games for a living and my mom is employed at apple . you ?
cool . i am a kindergarten teacher . there's about 26 children in my classroom .
to be honest , i've never held a job before but i enjoy video games .
did you go to college for that ? i graduated last year
no i'm very diabetic so i dropped out of college
the school i teach at is huge ! it is almost like a college .
oh wow ! what are your kids favorite music genre ?
mostly pop , a few like country
oh that is awesome ! i love rock music .
what do you like to do in your free time ?
aside from video games i like taking my cats for a walk
haha , i go kayaking a lot , it is how i get most of my exercise
do you go alone or with friends
usually alone , i like the peace and quiet
that does sound relaxing . . i will try it
persona
i wish that i lived in the city.
i am a vegetarian.
i have allergies.
i live on a pig farm.
persona II
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i live a lie.
my wife hates me , she thinks i'm lazy and poor.
dialogue
hi how you doing tonight i am good let us chat .
let us pray shall we
oh yes no problem can you pray first ? thank you ,
no no , too many allergies
okay anyway i thank god for our lives health and strength .
yes yes amen . i don't like meat
i learned how to do art with nice trees .
i live with my pigs
i hit the jack pot no body found out about .
oh ! would you share with me please ?
i'm broke now it was not for much but i'd love sharing .
oh well , money is not everything
cool my woman don't like that i don'thing and have nothing .
she's no good . find another
you got that what is your favorite food ?
pizza with pieces of grass
persona
i've a ford f150.
i also like ford trucks.
my truck is black.
i own a ford truck.
persona II
i love to shop on weekends.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i have never been on a cruise ship.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
dialogue
hello ! i can't wait for the weekend so i can go shopping !
hey there , i want to go shopping ! youre lucky
i am a size 12 and there's always a sale on .
i have a hard time finding clothes my size . i am super tiny
hopefully i will drop a size or 2 when i do dance lessons with the bf .
i compensate with trucks , what kind of dancing ?
just basics right now . tango eventually .
that can be a lot of fun . i took way too many cotillion and dance lessons
eventually i want to go on a cruise . i have never been .
i would be worried about getting sick and possibly quarantines
we will do a short one first .
sounds like a blast , i'm hoping to visit family in new york this year
you should go before it gets cold .
i am hoping to , my aunt has a house on the hudson , and its a gorgeous view
that sounds awesome . i bet it will be fun .
i am hoping so , if i ever get around to doing it
persona
i work 9 to 5 job.
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
persona II
i'm ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
i take martial arts after school.
and , my best friend is abigail.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just got off work .
oh i wonder what it will be like to work one day . i am only 10
enjoy your younger years my friend . work is terrible .
right now i'm taking martial arts class after school with my best friend abigail
do you enjoy martial arts ?
yeah ! almost as much as reading
i enjoy cooking . i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i do not know how to cook yet . but i love reading harry potter whenever i can
i love those books . do not have much time to read them with work and all .
what kind of work do you do ?
cooking mostly . my family used to own a small restaurant .
could you teach me how to cook ?
well , when i retire , and you are old enough i could teach you .
cool thanks ! me and abigail could teach you martial arts !
at this age , i would crack my hip . lol
persona
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i do not have many friends.
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
persona II
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
people say i have a cute laugh.
i'm a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
dialogue
please tell me you are a guy lol
unfortunately , no i'm not .
ok well maybe you can give me some advice .
perhaps , the few friends i have say i give great advice usually .
awesome ! well i still have a thing for my ex . have you ever ?
yes . i think everyone has that one ex .
yeah , you are right . i still love him . i don't know what to do
was he horrible at being a boyfriend ?
well he cheated on me so i'd say yes .
the only thing you can do is keep that in mind . eventually , you'll move on .
you are so right . damn girl i wish you could smell this lasagna i am cooking .
ll , i am already hungry enough . at this point , my lizards look edible .
persona
my favorite food is mexican food.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
i love to read and cook.
i am a mother.
persona II
i love reading.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i love animals.
i work at a hotel.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
hello . i am good and you ? i am anna , a mother of two boys .
reading is what i usually do
oh , cool . i love to read as well . who is your favorite author ?
i love different authors and i love the fine frenzy band
my favorite author is jane austen . do you work ?
i do work in our hotel in i love eating chicken nuggets
i make chicken nuggets sometimes when i cook . i am a nurse . any other hobbies ?
i do play with animals
i don't have any animals , but i like them . what is your favorite animal ?
any kind of animal not really a specifically
what is your favorite kind of food ? i love mexican food .
chicken nuggets i like those
ah , so it is still chicken nuggets . do you like mac and cheese with it ?
not really i just need it by itself
what about ketchup ? or do you like them plain ?
persona
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i am on a keto diet.
i like going to the moives.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
persona II
my father was a driver himself.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
dialogue
hi ! just getting ready to leave home for a period once again .
oh okay where are you going my good man ?
following my family footsteps , enjoying a long haul out west .
be fast . oh that is cool . i perform for a circus as a juggler
performing is fun . i look to my truck for great performances though .
how so ? i currently going on new diet . keto i believe its called
do jugglers need to diet ?
no clue , but i'm fat so i need to . i enjoy movies
ha ha ! dieting ! i stopped at a farm stand once and met my love .
please be fast . haha i got my 2 golden retrievers from a farm
i would like to take her away to a beautiful place like you see movies .
my dad and his dad were also jugglers like me . taught me everything
just like my dad teaching me to drive truck ! great !
want to see a movie with me ? pick me up in your truck haha
persona
i work in a flower shop.
i like cats.
i read a lot of used books.
i live in my parent s basement.
persona II
i like to take my dog for long walks.
my mother lives with me.
i enjoy cooking for people.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
dialogue
hi ! what are you up to tonight ?
hi there , i just got off work at the flower show i work at .
i love flowers and enjoy planting them . i have a garden .
unfortunately i still live down in my parents basement .
do not feel bad . i live with my mother .
do you have any pets ? i do not sadly but would like a cat .
i have a dog that i love taking on long walks .
used books are the only thing i love to read a lot of .
i am not much of a reader . i do like to cook for company .
what do you like to cook ?
mainly i like to cook italian , especially pasta . do you like pasta ?
pasta is always a nice meal to have !
especially if there is a side of garlic bread !
garlic bread is definitely the best .
just toss in a salad for a perfect meal .
i agree with you on that !
persona
i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
i play music in my spare time.
i work in academia at a local university.
i live in nashville.
persona II
i talk very fast.
i like the color red.
i have 3 thumbs.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i think the moon landing was faked.
dialogue
hello , my name is sarah . what is your take on the moon landing ?
i think it happened . do you not ?
faked for sure ! what do you do for a living ? i am a transcriptionist
i work as a professor at a local school .
being with 3 thumbs , i type at least 140 wpm
that would be useful for my guitar playing .
agreed . is your guitar red ? i love all things red .
nope classic black . living in nashville plenty opportunities to jam
that's great ! i live in new york . i talk quite faster ever since i moved here .
are there any good farmers markets there ?
all over the place . i live in queens and there is one on every corner
i go every weekend to the local one in nashville .
i have never been to nashville . planning on going there sometime .
i have only been to new york once .
persona
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i'm fascinated with ghosts.
i love 80 s music.
i m a wedding planner.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i work at a grocery store.
i like cupcakes.
i like to read.
my favorite color is blue.
i have brown hair.
dialogue
i make my living in a supermarket ,
are you a cashier or stock person ?
the supermarket is blue , that is my favorite color
i'm a yellow person myself . together we make green .
i work in the bakery i make cupcakes , i love cupcakes
i help plan weddings . such fun work i say .
i'm a big guy , green eyes and brown hair
i'm rather small , but i have a big heart and a soft spot for 80s music
i read a book on weddings once , reading is a passion of mine
i have a passion for architecture .
i love that decade it had great music
i am saying . they had great ghost movies during that decade .
yes they did , great dancing too
do you like ghosts ? i am fascinated by them .
i've never met a ghost , so i am not sure
they are very nice once you are not afraid of them .
persona
i am starting a new juicing bar.
i am a vegetarian.
i love pandas.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i love to surf.
persona II
i used to work as an actress.
i love all animals.
i love my job.
my favorite music is country.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
hi , my name is vitaly . how are you ?
drinking a new juice blend i came up with , how about you ?
i was an actress in the past , now sitting near the laptop and chatting you
an actress ? i hang out at zuma beach surfing and reading . you live there ?
no , sorry . i live in eastern europe . i like country music and i'm vegan
oh cool ! i m a vegetarian myself . not a vegan though
also , i like animals , especially dogs
i love dogs as well but pandas are my fave . they re so cute !
yes , you are right . pandas are very cute .
do you like to drink freshly made organic juices ?
yes , i like fresh mango and orange juices
i have a new juice blend for my bar , it s mango oj ice protein and raspberries
nice , i'd like to try it . are you a bar owner ?
a juice bar . it s opening next month in malibu by the beach !
wow , cool ! good luck ! nice to meet you
nice to meet you too ! if you lived closer i d offer you some free juice !
persona
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i am single.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
persona II
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
my dog is my best friend.
i'm terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
at all times , i'm wearing something black.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
dialogue
hi ! do you have a dog ?
no i have 2 monitors , i work alot no time for pets
mine is my best friend but i work a ton too computer technician
o really cool , i read alot of ebooks
i do not get much time to read . coffee or tea or neither ?
both actually , do you prefer iphone or samsung ?
i'm obsessed with chai tea before bed and no real preference , i guess samsung .
okay i prefer i hone and chai tea taste good and relaxing
if you could only wear one color . . . what would that be ?
good question maybe black i think , ink haha
me too ! what animal are you most afraid of ?
snakes , spiders , or animals that are possess
spiders scare me to death but i love snakes !
really , i don't do snakes either , other than youtube vid
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i work 2 jobs.
i'm in school.
i'm married.
persona II
my favorite color is black.
i am writing a novel.
i do not like pickles.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
dialogue
i'm currently trying to write a novel
wonderful ! what is it going to be about ?
medieval times . knights and dragons !
wow ! i am impressed . how do you manage to find the time ?
lol a minute here , a paragraph there . i will get it done one day !
i've 2 jobs and i go to school so not enough free time here
wow ! that sound like a full load and then some !
it really is . i have a husband too so i am constantly busy .
i bet . that sounds like a very full life !
it certainly is . i'd rather be writing lol
lol my companion right now is the show rick morty . i watch while i write
i love that show . its hilarious !
yes it is ! that's why its my favorite . laughter is a great stress relief
it really is . that and working out really help
persona
my favorite food is steak.
i drive a black car.
i listen to rap.
i like meat.
persona II
i love to shop on weekends.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
i am planning a trip to europe.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
dialogue
hi , i am planning a trip , do you travel much ?
no i don't . i wish i did more
i would like to go on a cruise would you ?
i would be too scared to go
why be scared i am planning on taking more dance lessons with my bf
i hate being out in the ocean
ok , that is sad do you like to shop ? i don't have much time to . .
i love to go shopping !
i only have time on saturday and sunday to shop
that is too bad , but that is when there are sales
not sure , there may be many during the week
what city are you from ?
persona
i have a severe anxiety disorder.
i am a stay at home mom.
i'm currently pregnant with my second child.
my husband in an engineer.
i love art.
persona II
i work as a english teacher.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i'm a mother of two daughters.
i've always enjoyed telling stories to people.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm good you ? so are you an art lover ?
i'm actually more into books
yes . what do you do in life ?
i am a teacher at a high school
do you have free time ? cool .
i do but i use ot to spend time with my kids
have one child myself and another on the way . ages ?
8 and 10 both girls
have 2 girls myself . love them .
girls are so nice and sweet
until they are teens . hehe .
haha so true not excited for that
they grow out of it . before i was a mom i was a high school teacher .
wow that's nice both teachers !
teachers are great . i'm stay at home mom now . makes me nervous .
persona
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
persona II
i love kids and dogs.
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
dialogue
hi . i smell like awful feet
oh lord ! ! why ? ! i used to be a crazy kid but never smelled like feet lol
i'm not sure . i love dogs and kids though
i've 2 dogs ! ! ! an english bulldog and pitbull . what about you ?
nice . i love to shop and chat
i live in the country but like to visit the city and shop too !
blah blah blah that's me
hmmm tell me something interesting about you ! do you travel ?
i cook alot . i am pretty fat
haha hey that is okay ! ! ! whats on the inside counts !
well , that's a good thing or i'm doomed
not doomed ! ! ! promise ! i want to travel ! one day i'll get to ireland !
ii adore ireland . i will also
or puerto rico ! ! ! i'd love to go there too ! they have gorgeous colored buildings !
persona
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to hike in the summer.
i love to ski in the winter.
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
persona II
i went to stanford.
i've a wife and a 4 year old son.
i play soccer professionally.
my idol is theirry henry.
dialogue
hi , where are you from ?
colorado . what are you from ?
ca . stanford university alumni ! did you go to college ?
no . what do you like to do ?
i live and breathe soccer . it supports my wife and son , he just turned 4 ! you ?
congrats ! i like to ski and hike . my son is almost 5 .
active family , that's great ! you should get him in soccer now while he's young !
he likes to kick the ball around every chance he gets .
thierry henry started at that age , and now he is famous . my soccer idol !
hey , never know he might get famous too ! he is already pretty good .
what do you do for employment ?
i sew things like kids outfits and shirts .
oh , my wife does that too . she has been since i met her at stanford .
that's so cool ! i started out as more of a hobby but here i am .
persona
i want to be alone sometimes.
i don't trust anyone.
i like the library.
i don't like trying new things.
i feel competitive against other women.
persona II
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
dialogue
hi , i am 44 and have 5 amazing grandchildren
that's wonderful . i like to go to the library to read do you ?
i don't like to read , but i love the sun
i try to avoid crowds , i have a hard time trusting anyone around me .
i love cheesy hot dogs , what do you like to eat
i like pizza , i don't like to try new things so miss out on some foods .
i also like chili corn dogs and also pizza
i like to be alone sometimes just to gather my thoughts , do you ?
i live in a rural area so i've to drive 1 hours to get to work
that's a bummer . i feel very competitive with other woman especially at work .
yes i love being alone , i dislike crowds ! ! ! !
i love no noise , but its very rare isn't it ?
persona
i recently got a cat.
i've four children.
i'm an artist.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i love watching game of thrones.
persona II
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i'm an actor.
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
dialogue
hello , how are you this fine evening ?
i am great ! just came in from a long walk !
that sounds lovely ! i am a actor so i never get to do fun things like that .
an actor ! i do not miss an episode of game of thrones . do you have any pets ?
i have done acting since i was ten . i am gone to much for a pet .
i have a cat , my 4 kids just adore it ! do you have any hobbies ?
i started starring in commercials when i was a kid . acting keeps me pretty busy .
i'm a paid artist . . i also feel like it is my hobby .
how interesting . what kind of art do you make ?
i make jewelry and charcoal paintings .
that sounds like it is really fun !
it really is . . . . i try to involve my kids too .
how many kids do you have ?
i've 4 and now the cat !
are you married or do you have a boyfriend ?
i'm a single mom . not much time to date .
persona
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i live in canada , near ontario.
i'm an avid runner.
persona II
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
my name is mary.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
dialogue
hello there my name is kat
hi . i'm mo . i love sports . go grizzlies !
i do not really watch sports
i love to watch basketball . what do you do for fun ?
i mainly spend my time studying to be honest
what do you study ? i'm always training for a marathon .
i study radiology , and is it hard ? i never was a good runner
i think radiology is harder . i love to run though . canada is beautiful .
it is , and is it cold out there , i heard yall get a lot of snow
yes , lots of snow . . . and moose !
haha do they actually be out often ?
yes . i constantly have to swerve while running .
are they at least friendly
yes . as long as you do not throw snowballs at them .
people do that ? seems really mean
it is mean . people should watch more basketball and be nicer .
persona
i don't like green eggs and ham.
i enjoy swimming.
i have a missing pinky toe.
i love cooking.
i have 4 dogs.
persona II
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i tend to aruge with myself more than i argue with myself.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i believe i hear voices.
dialogue
have you seen my neighbors pool boy ? so cute .
no , does he have all his toes ? i'd swim with him .
yes he does . no ! yes he does , you do not know anything .
i do not have all of mine . but i like swimming . i can cook for you
can you cook cake for me ? mystery flavored cake ?
i can . as long as the mystery flavor is not green eggs and ham
it is a mystery silly , we would not know . the voices in my head say chocolate .
well . i mean . i hate chocolate though
i bet the pool boy likes chocolate . what sort of things do you like ?
i like cooking , swimming , my dogs .
i like fake dogs wearing rain coats . have you run across any toys with rain coats ?
i've not , but i'll let you know in the future .
thanks , i need to add to my collection . do you collect things ?
dogs . haha . i've four of them now
persona
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i own a black suburban.
i'm a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
persona II
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
my cat died.
i have a dog named percy.
i like thomas the tank engine.
i like books about trains.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
hi ! i'm doing very well tonight . want an apple martini ?
oh my yes that would be awesome
i love them . i have five boys , and i need them , lol
i love trains too especially the thomas one
so do my youngest boys . they all play sports .
my boys play football in the fall
mine play everything , they live in my suburban .
well my kitty died and i am sad
i am so sorry , we have three left in our litter if you'd like one .
of course i'd i will name her percy
okay , you can come over and pick it up tomorrow .
awesome i can take the train
okay , i am a few blocks over from the station .
sounds great see you at four
great , bring your kids and husband .
persona
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
i work as a grill cook.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
i am looking for a second job.
running is a hobby.
persona II
i love sweets.
i'm in high school.
i cs and ds.
i love bruno mars.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
hi'm jane and i enjoy sweets very much and it is an addiction of mine
hello i'm ray from florida
hey ray , my grades in math is a c and science is a d .
i am in search of a second place of employment could you help me ?
i'm to young to help you . i enjoy listening to bruno mars
has always been a dream of mine to own a restaurant , i like pink floyd
i have this thing where i just want to sleep
when i'm not cooking my hobby is running
running is a good thing to do . i normally walk .
walking is great also , i really enjoy being the head grill man
are you in the navy
no , i use to be in the army
oh ok , there is a difference
yes there is a big difference , between the two
what else do you do ?
i like to fish , hunt and social drink , what about you
persona
i sell clothing on facebook.
i have two children.
my hair is curly and dark.
i don't like to clean house.
my husband is a pastor.
persona II
i am 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
i'm a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
i wish i had a maid because i hate housework
how old are you ? i'm just freshly 19 .
i'm 40 and i've two kids
i love baseball . you like sports ?
i do , i sell a sports clothing line on social media like fb
sounds super cool . i aspire to play baseball .
my husband is the head of our church , i'll pray for you
thanks ! i appreciate that . nice of you
i am considering cutting my hair so it will get curly and dark
do it if you want . live for you and only you .
thank you , i hope you make it big as a ball player
i hope to also . thank you . do you enjoy church
i do , my husband is the head of it .
persona
i love to read.
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
persona II
i'm the youngest of 3.
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i love playing tennis.
dialogue
hey hows it going tonight ?
good and how about you ?
just got done reading a good mystery ! so tell me about you
reading is one of my favorite hobbies !
i like to read but not school texts ! i am working on my law degree . so over it !
i have also started a blog , a small one to post book reviews .
that's awesome ! where are you based out of ?
getting a law degree sounds grueling !
oh man ! its awful ! i was in chicago for college and it was brutal ! !
i am from ohio . i enjoy blogging and have found a few blogs to share opinions with .
that is awesome ! is that what you do in your free time or for work ?
hopefully for work soon . i have collaborated with a few popular publishers .
that is awesome ! ! i'm not nearly as interesting ! i do love tennis though !
tennis is fun , i like volleyball too .
yeah , all sports are pretty fun ! do you have a big family ?
sort of , i've 1 sister , 2 step sisters and 3 step brothers . what about you ?
persona
i live in new york city.
i have a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i work on wall street.
persona II
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i'm in 3rd grade.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm great , thanks ! how are you ?
i'm doing ok i like to draw
awesome ! i'm not a very good artist , i'm more into music especially smooth jazz .
i love playing soccer too
nice , i'm not much of an athlete but i watch sports . what is your profession ?
i'm young and still in school
cool ! i'm a banker on wall street . what would you like to do for work someday ?
making money drawing all day does not sound bad
definitely , doing something you love is the best . do you have pets ?
i do i have three dogs
sweet ! i have a poodle , her name is nanette . what kinds of dogs do you have ?
that's such an adorable name
thanks ! she's my best buddy . i like walking her around new york city where i live .
do you walk her when it is cold ?
i do , we do not like it much but i bundle us both up .
persona
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i'm a school teacher.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
persona II
i have long legs.
like a skeleton.
i'm dumpy.
i've long fingers.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
i'm doing alright , just relaxing .
me too ! just tapping away at this keyboard with my long noodle fingers .
yeah , it gets exhausting during the day after teaching 5th grade all day .
you gotta love working with kids though right ?
yeah , its rewarding . now i can relax and catch up on tennis .
are you playing tennis now ?
no , sorry , i meant on my der . do you have any shows that you watch regularly ?
not really . i don't believe in watching television .
you are better off . its a burden if you are behind on your shows .
i have always wanted to be a teacher , but my skeleton like body would frighten them .
what line of work are you in ?
i work at the local grocery store . . . where i scare kids .
what kind of jobs do you do at the grocery store besides customer interaction ?
i utilize my long legs to stock the highest shelves no one else can reach .
that's great , since you'll not need a ladder .
persona
i've 5 kids.
i love new gadgets.
i love to draw.
i'm great with babies.
i love to socialize.
persona II
i love to watch the voice.
i am currently listening to bach.
i graduated from princeton.
i travel at least once a year.
dialogue
hey , just got back from out of town .
good morning ! where were you ?
princeton . just visiting my old dorm .
oh wow , that sounds nice . i used to go to the campus to sit and draw
very peaceful . i'm listening to bach right now . how about you ?
i just put my son to sleep , i've got 5 kids . he's the baby
wow ! that is a lot of work . don't you ever get tired ?
very tired , i am great with kids and babies though , but still its alot
do you ever watch the voice ?
i don't , no time . is it any good ?
i love it . you should put it on in the background sometime . 3
i will try to do that one day , i will give me more to talk about with people
is there anything else you like to do ?
i love socializing with new people . also , finding cool gadgets
persona
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm taking courses online.
i like ice cream.
i'm engaged.
persona II
i'm 26 years old.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
i've thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i already have 3 children.
dialogue
hello how is it going
hi , just taking a break from work to have a quick ice cream you ?
i've still having morning sickness been like this for the passed 3 months
oh i am sorry . my fiance and i've been discussing having kids
so awesome i am carrying twins already have 3
whilst i am contracting at a cab company and taking courses online i do not have time
i should try that since i am on bed rest for the next 5 months
you could ! who will be taking care of the kids whilst your on bed rest
i do my best to do it but my mom helps
that is kind of her . i'm sure i will need mom when i've kids
how old are you i am 26
i am 27 , so not much age difference
yes that's so cool
so do you crave anything ? icecream ?
peanut butter on my pizza
wow ! ! haha . that's an interesting combo
persona
i'm an athlete.
i've 4 daughters.
i race cars for a living.
i like to go fishing.
persona II
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i go to multiple comic cons.
my job involves building drones.
i'm an anime fan.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
dialogue
how are you tonight
i'm doing good , fishing my hobby , i go with my 4 daughters
my bobbys are baking and having fun time with the family
me too , i also love to race cars , i made a living on that
that's cool what kind of cars
as an athlete , i drive up the mountain with my corvette and run down
nice i work out alot
how often do you work out ? i work out 5 times a week
i work out the same how old are u
i'm 49 my 4 daughters are 17 , 22 , 24 , 25
that's cool i have 3 kids months 5 and 9
that's nice , do you like race cars ?
persona
i live in new york city.
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i've a poodle named nanette.
persona II
i've a long drive to work.
i listen to podcasts.
traffic makes me mad.
i like to read.
i'm a diabetic.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing good , its just i am worried about my poodle nanette .
ooh , do you have many pets ?
no i cannot . i live in new york , legally i can only own one pet .
www . i just got back from work , 3 hour drive that is .
what ? well if we are talking about work , currently i'm employed on wall street
yeah , i like my job but its a long drive and traffic is awful .
nothing beats sitting in traffic and listening to smooth jazz i love it .
not a big fan of music myself , i listen to lots of podcasts , though .
so you just sit in traffic quietly ?
no , i listen to a variety of podcasts .
that is good , i like podcasts too . twitch is not a podcast but its still a cool thing .
i love it too . i also love reading , its so relaxing .
nice , just don't read and drive !
persona
i was adopted.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
i work at a local party store.
i have several siblings i don t know.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
persona II
i like to listen to elvis.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i drive a blue car.
i own blue shoes.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
pretty good . just thankful for a day off from work
where do you work at ?
at party city . i love it there
yeah i hear it is always a party
haha basically . so what is your favorite holiday ?
mine is probably christmas and you ?
mine too ! it is a mess at the store but it is still amazing
what is your favorite color ?
i love the color green . just like my birth mothers
that's nice do you like music ?
i like all of it really
that is nice do you have shoes ?
yes we all have to wear them
persona
i've four children.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i recently got a cat.
i'm an artist.
i love watching game of thrones.
persona II
i'm 19 years old.
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
my favorite player is mike trout.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
i'm great and you
it is my birthday , so pretty good . i am nineteen .
happy birthday i hope it goes well for you i am sitting with my cat
love cats . how many do you have ?
i just got one and love it
would love one , but too busy with college baseball .
that must be very fun for you
i hope so , i just made the team . starting shortstop .
that's good congratulations on that
thank you . what do you do ?
watch game of thrones and take care of the kids ll
i never saw that show . how many kids do you have ?
i've 4 and it is good
persona
i own my home.
my car is blue.
i live in colorado.
i have an mba degree.
i am married.
persona II
i am a writer.
i am gluten free.
i like rock climbing.
i've a dog.
my hair is black.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hi i'm good , and you ? i'm in colorado , where are you ?
i m in florida , i really like colorado . i m a writer
i love it here , own my own home . what do you write ?
horror , i am also gluten free
interesting , how is gluten free ? my favorite thing is my blue car .
is good , i enjoy rock climbing
nice , that sounds fun . i have my mba degree .
do you like dogs ? i've one
i love dogs , i've a chihuahua terrier mix .
what color is your hair ? mine is black
that must look nice , i'm a brunette .
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i hate running.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i'm married with kids.
persona II
i love all of my beautiful children.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
i am a humble baker.
i look forward to retiring.
dialogue
my wife just made me laugh ; she always does . are you married ?
i'm married happily for going on ten years
do you have children ? each child of mine , i love dearly .
i have three kids who are growing up
not to be actors , i hope ! i tried that . now i am a plain baker .
i have no idea what they want to do we are currently car shopping
what kind of car ? why do you want a car ?
i need a new car and i just want an orange car
not my first choice . what else do you like ?
in my spare time watching baseball
i plan to watch more baseball after i retire . i can hardly wait to retire .
i have no desire right now to desire
except for an orange car . what do you do for work ? are you a student ?
i am not a student . i stay at home while my wife works
what does she do for work ? what do you do when she's at work ?
i take care of the kids and pets we have
persona
i live at home with my dad and brother.
i've a cat.
i hope to move out soon.
i've depression and anxiety so i don t really go out a lot.
i work at home , editing.
persona II
i am thin.
i like to hunt.
i am blonde.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i love the tigers baseball team.
dialogue
hello , what color is your hair ? mine is blonde .
depends what mood i am in that day , sometimes dark like my mood and feelings .
you should watch tv to escape from that . have you heard of the walking dead ?
yes , my dad and brother watch it . i work instead in the basement .
what do you do ? i an a hunter .
editor , i love animals . especially my cat .
same ! so much so , that my favorite team is the tigers ! do you exercise often ?
no , i am too worried i'll get hurt . i assume you do ?
everyday ! what do you do in your free time then ?
currently i look online for a place of my own
where do you want to move to ?
somewhere sunny to help with my issues . trying to break out of my shell
you will get there , just keep connecting with people with common interests .
thank you . it is great to feel like people care . you seem caring .
i try to be . the world needs more better people .
that's great , maybe we can stay friends after i move
persona
i like to party.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i'm in college.
my major is business.
i love the beach.
persona II
i will one day own a ferret.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i'm allergic to peanuts.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
dialogue
do you have any pets ?
hi how are you today ?
i'm well how are you ?
i'm doing pretty good . and i've no pets
i hope to own a ferret one day
what od you do for fun ferret person ?
i write blogs how about you ?
i work at a pizza place . blah
i like pizza . that is one thing i am not allergic to
the only thing in the world ?
well no , i'm just allergic to one thing
and what is that ? cats ?
peanuts , i've an peanut allergy
better not eat one of those weird almond pizzas then
persona
i like to go to the movies.
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
persona II
both of my parents are doctors.
i'm in medical school.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i really wanted to be an actor.
dialogue
hi there . tell me about yourself .
well my name is felicia and i love ford mustangs and movies
i love movies too ! i do a little acting myself , community theater .
wow i did 3 jobs for 5 years
i am in med school right now to become a doctor like my parents .
that's sick i have a pitbull lol
i should have done acting full time , but i'll make more money as a doctor .
sick sick i walk like 2 miles a day to keep the doc away
that's great ! i wish i had time to exercise .
make time nothing more important obv
i want to lose weight . i am in love with a beautiful girl .
ya how old is she now ?
same age as me , but she does not know i'm in love with her .
i mean she should your her mom right ?
why do you say that ?
mmmm i mean should not she love you automatically ?
persona
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
persona II
i work for a beer distributor.
i'm married.
i have a toddler.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
dialogue
hello , i am on my way to a taylor swift concert . are you a fan ?
not my cup of tea . i am into sports , buffalo bills are my fave
that's cool . do you like beer when you watch sports ?
yeah we got season tickets so beer it is
my employer is a beer distributor . i could bring you some .
awesome ! i am from syracuse ny , where are you from ?
i from miami , fl . i am here with my husband and kid .
cool . i have neither , i am studying to be an english teacher .
my husband was a teacher before he became a stay at home dad .
i think teaching is a great profession .
i do too . you can drink beer after a long day of grading papers .
yes its a way to relax .
persona
i am insecure.
i work too many hours in a week.
i'm always hungry.
i've a wife and children.
persona II
i went to miami university.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i am a baseball player.
i make a million dollars a year.
dialogue
hello there , how are you doing ?
hi . i'm okay , thanks . how are you ?
doing well , definitely cannot complain .
do you work ? what do you do ?
yes i do , i play baseball for the baltimore orioles , you ?
that's impressive ! i work at a law firm myself .
way more impressive ! where did you go to college ?
i wish i could say harvard . . . but , no . university of michigan .
i studied at miami u myself , i donated a million dollars to them a last year .
that's nice of you ! giving back . are you married ?
thank you it was a whole years salary ! and yes , i have a husband .
do you have or plan to have kids ?
persona
i ve a dog.
my favorite color is red.
i m looking for a job.
i m not very tall.
persona II
i drive a blue honda civic.
i m scared of left turns.
i've four siblings.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
dialogue
hi . hope you are well this evening .
i'm , thank you very much . how are you ? do you have a dog ?
i'm good . i've 2 dogs actually . you ?
i only have one , he has a red collar and looks so dashing in it .
i have a bunch of siblings ? got any ?
