guru ? ll . after the park , lady and i relax gaming . i have gamer awards .
for me its god first , i am what you would call a true believer !
amen . when i am gaming i do a lot of praying myself .
some would say i am a free spirited person , carefree and unloving !
i'd call you guru cool breeze based on what i've learned about you .
hah ! , the guru of fitness i've the t shirt !
ll . you are a guru and i'm a video game champion . whats next ?
well i really love the adventure life , may that ?
this is scary . lady and i love adventure too . we both are available .
i'm a salesperson so maybe i can sell you something ? ; ?
persona
i like nature.
i love eating out.
my favorite color is blue.
i work full time.
persona II
i enjoy fishing.
i am a closet cannibal.
i have a dog named bob.
i like to make boats on the weekends.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
i'm good thank you for asking , and you ?
doing well , just got off work and fed my dog . do you have pets ?
i do , i've 3 cats which is like having a second full time job . ll
i bet ! i only have the one dog and he is stressful enough !
ll . what do you for fun ? i enjoy being in nature .
that is cool . i really like fishing . do you hike or camp ? fish ?
all of the above ! what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i would have to say red . any plans for the coming weekend ?
yes i'm going hiking with my fiance , do you have plans ?
awesome ! i've been working on a boat i am building . its nearly finished .
that sounds like fun . i bet you cannot wait to get it on the water .
persona
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i'm in college.
i love the beach.
my major is business.
persona II
i like to dance.
i'm a girl.
i'm in preschool.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
good thanks , i'm at the beach . how are you ?
i'm okay . i just got done dancing .
sounds fun ! where do you dance ?
it is a dance program for preschool aged girls like myself .
oh i see ! nice of your parents to enroll you
yes , i love it as much as i love zebras . do you have pets ?
no i don't , we can not have animals in the dorms
oh okay . are you in college ?
yes but i also work part time serving pizza
cool . what are you studying ?
hope to own the pizza place someday , i am in business
i see you love the pizza business
it is what i'm most passionate about besides the beach
i like the beach also . swimming is fun .
hopefully your zebras like to swim
persona
i like to ride horses.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i like to snowboard.
persona II
my mom is a painter.
my best friend just moved away.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my favorite sport is hockey.
dialogue
i can not believe i am going to be a senior next week !
that's cool me too ! it went by so fast !
yep and we got a hockey team this year , so it wil be great
lol i just do th horses are easier to me , they do not throw objects at my face .
they could buck you off though . well i am a bit unset my bff moved .
sorry to hear that , but in all honesty after highschool it would have changed anyway
yeah , you are probably right . my mom paints horses , arabians .
those are cool ! i like paint and clydesdale
yeah horse paintings are cool . you like bud horses ? they live in st . louis .
yeah , lol i liked them before they were bud horses . lol advertising takes everything
they're pretty big horses . beautiful though .
that's what i admire about them , they almost seem un natural .
i need to go purchase my school supplies tonight .
didn't school start already for you ?
it starts in a few days . excited .
that's good , do you need a lot of items ?
persona
my major was american literature and education.
i live in a big city.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
persona II
my mother is a retired teacher.
i love to ride horses.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i love to bake.
i'm from texas.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
great , how are you ? do you work ?
not anymore i am a retired school teacher how about you
oh that is really random and awesome . i want to teach so bad .
i spent thirty years in arizona teaching , now i garden and ride my horses
i hike on the weekends , i really want to teach elementary school aged children .
i spent six years teaching elementary then moved to middle school .
do you have only good things ? i literature is my favorite .
i loved to teach math
i always believe that math and literature went hand in hand .
do you have any hobbies ?
only hobby is really the hikes i go on every weekend .
i am getting ready to bake a cake for my grandsons birthday
ohh what kind of cake ?
persona
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
i have horrible allergies.
i can t stand clutter or dust.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
persona II
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
my parents live across the street from me.
i love to read true crime books.
i m in grad school.
i work in a coffee shop.
dialogue
hi my name is ben and i like to drink cappuccino .
oh mine i spend so much time preparing in the morning
yeah , i live across the street from my folks
my allergies are horrible though
yeah same here ! ! i am getting my graduates degree in nursing soon
oh you know that i scrub my skin so hard shower and makes red
i enjoy reading true crime books
i clean all the time for dusts and clutters
i work at starbucks as a manger there , and it helps to get by .
do you like it working in there ?
eh it gets me by to pay for things here and there .
at least that works for you well
for now and knowing that i'm getting my nursing degree helps .
how do you like it
its a lot of work but it is worth it .
yes push it more a little
persona
i've beard that's longer.
i'm a younger guy.
i own a dog that is small.
i like to play football.
persona II
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
i like rock music.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
hi , whats your name ? i'm gerald .
i'm chris . big plans for the weekend ?
i like to listen to rock , and i'm going to try and catch a concert .
that's awesome . any artist in particular ?
not really . what are you doing ?
playing a pickup football game later . might walk my dog at some point .
do you play a lot of football ? i play basketball .
i do like to play with my friends on occasion .
cool . whats your favorite color ? mine is green .
mine is brown same color as my beard .
what kind of dog do you have ?
a jack russell terrier do you have any pets ?
persona
i love to have my nails done.
i have one little boy named owen.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
persona II
i like cats.
i live in my parents basement.
i read a lot of used books.
dialogue
hey there , how are you today ?
hello ! better then ever !
awesome ! any plans for the weekend ?
playing with my little boy owen . you ?
i'll probably hit up half price books and do some reading this weekend .
cool . what is your favorite book ?
the incredible journey , its about a cat and 2 dogs getting lost in the wilderness
its a great read . are you married ?
no i am not , i live at home . how about you ?
yes . my husband is a lawyer for small but growing company .
oh nice , yea i just have my cat as of right now
what is your cats name ?
his name is pepper .
okay ! bye !
persona
i work in an office.
i enjoy shopping.
i've a cat named speckles.
i have two tattoos.
persona II
i drive a honda that's seen better days.
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
i'm looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
dialogue
tell me a bit about yourself !
hey i am sam ! i like online shopping and i work in a drs office . you ?
i like to watch funny sitcoms and read thrillers of the political kind
nice ! i love tattoos too . got two . do you have any ?
nope ! scared of needles . once i chatted with guy covered in tats on the subway
it does not hurt . any pets ? i have a cat , her name is speckles .
i've a cat too named venus . i love your cats name
ah thanks . she has crazy patterned fur hence the name .
so adorable . just remember the day i got her , meowed in my honda all the way home
i love meeting new cat people ! best animals ever .
they really are . they're so intuitive and loving . totally misunderstood
totally agree . thanks for chatting , its been great . have a good one !
persona
i'm a night owl.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i'm single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i don't have a good social life.
persona II
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
there s only been one set of twins in my family.
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
dialogue
hello how are you this fine evening ?
hi ! i'm single mother who lives alone . father has custody after the divorce
i bet you miss the children . there is one set of twins in my family
i do very much and it is lonely without them . i became a night owl .
all my girlfriends cheated on me but one
hmm . . . i am sorry to hear . i work for hanson corporation and build robots
cool sounds very interesting
it is interesting . yet i do not have much of a social life .
random . . i love to make fart noises with my arm lol
yeah that's random .
lol i can even make some musical songs too
wow ! i have been eating a lot of chinese take out lately .
love chinese we have it delivered to our house
same here to tired to pick it up
persona
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
both of my parents are in the military.
i'm afraid of spiders.
i'm a pilot.
persona II
i work with my wife.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i am a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
dialogue
i am so proud of the women in my life . my wife is a survivor
that is great so am i both my parents are in the military
she fought breast cancer an our daughter top of her graduating class !
that is awesome , you seem very supportive
i must be i've trained over 20 animals
really wow , i've 2 beagles boomer and chance
cool , i'm a zookeeper
that sounds exciting , i'm a pilot
how old are the dogs ? i like them all
they are 3 and 4
awwwww what do you do ?
i work as a pilot for a living
sounds fun ! do not fly near the keys !
i'll not , thanks , do you like spiders ?
not really lol just my bella she is a yorkie
that is so cool , yeah i don't like spiders either
persona
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my mom is a painter.
i went to japan this summer.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
i love watching sunsets.
i love to surf.
i hate red meat.
my hair is brown and curly.
i live near the ocean.
dialogue
aloha my good friend how are you
doing well . how is the weather ?
the weather is awesome for some surfing
wow . . . surfing is foreign to me . i love hockey !
how about you teach me hockey and i teach you to surf
that could be fun . do you live near a beach ? hawaii ?
living near the ocean is awesome
i love beaches , but i still like cold winters .
cold makes me sad like red meat does
lol . i love red meat . this summer i had to eat a lot of fish , though .
i think we can both agree that sunsets are amazing though
yep . i ate fish in japan this past summer . eww .
not all fish is bad tuna steaks are good eats !
i suppose . my mom paints , so i went with her this summer .
persona
my favorite music is country.
i am a vegetarian.
i have a new job.
i like the internet.
persona II
i work in a warehouse.
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
dialogue
hey there friend , what is new ?
well , i got hired for a new position ! that's pretty fun ! what about you ?
that's great ! i wish i could get out of this warehouse job .
if only we could have a job doing what we like browsing the internet lol
that would be a dream , huh ? it would distract me from my video games at least .
what type of games do you play ? xbox ? playstation ?
i've an xbox but i prefer pc gaming .
my husband plays pub g a lot ! i listen to music mostly . country
my son was playing games constantly until i grounded him . now he gets as .
i would say he does ! so tell me an interesting fact about you
hmm , i saved a snapping turtle from a four lane highway .
oh an animal lover ? me too ! i am vegetarian !
awesome ! i only eat meat a couple times a month .
that's great ! certainly more healthy that way !
i agree ! i feel guilty when i eat it .
you must have watched netflix documentaries then lol
persona
i've one cat.
i am not thin.
i am short.
i like to sew.
my hair is brown.
persona II
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i loove zumba.
i like collecting rocks.
i love the smell of beans.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i have seen better days . it is hard when you aren't thin .
i understand that . i do zumba
well that sounds cool . i own a cat because i'm lonely .
i'm sorry about that
it is ok , i like sewing to pass time .
did you teach yourself how to do it
i did due to being short and having to hem alot
did being short hinder you
not really , i grew into the idea , ha ha
that is a very funny joke
thank you very very much
do you like beans at all
yes because they match the color of my brown hair
persona
i love my parrot , todd.
i'm a disappointment to my family.
i'm the oldest of 5 children.
i have never been to the beach.
persona II
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i enjoy reading.
i love to clean my house.
i am afraid to leave the house.
dialogue
hi , have you read any good books lately ?
i have . i like to read books about the beach . i have never been before .
i've not either . i don't leave my house . i've agoraphobia .
i see . i find comfort in the company of my parrot . he's all i need .
parrots are fun . my sisters keep me company and provide for me .
i don't talk much to my family anymore . we are pretty distant .
that is to bad . what happened ?
high standards . mostly just outshined by all my younger siblings .
what do you do ? since i do not leave , i keep the house spotless and cook .
i like to paint pictures and watch birds .
do you sale your pictures ?
not many of them sell , but that's ok . i enjoy it nonetheless .
it is good to do what you enjoy . belive it or not , i love cleaning .
i agree . cleaning makes me feel accomplished .
persona
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
persona II
i am studying for my masters.
cooking is one of my pass times.
my favorite food is pizza.
i also like eating sushi.
i am a student in social sciences.
dialogue
hi there ! i'm taking a break from studying ! how are you ?
i'm fine thanks for asking
so , whats your favorite food ? i think that tells a lot about a person .
i love eating shrimp . especially with barbecue sauce
interesting . my fav is pizza and i love sushi too . i learned to make it , its fun .
i was watching videos on youtube
oh okay , sounds fun . what types of videos ? music , educational , diy , etc ?
just dog videos . i have a small beagle called droopy
aw ! i love dog videos . i wish i had a dog , i am too busy with my masters .
that's super cool . whats your major ?
i am in social sciences , its interesting how people interact differently
so true . are you familiar with adobe
not really , i should learn more about it
its ok but i found third party companies that provide a better way to read portable documents
persona
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
persona II
i work at a factory.
my favorite city is seattle.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i enjoy jazz music.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm good how are you
i am great . do you like music ?
i love music . i like gary numan
who is that ? i've never heard of him .
he is awesome . he is a musician and his music ironic for my life
have you listened to him your whole life
i've . i also go snorkeling
what is that like ? i have never been .
it is awesome . i love seeing the bottom of the ocean with all the creatures
have you ever seen anything interesting
oh yes i have seen crabs and jelly fish and all kind of fish out there
that sounds really fun . i wish i had time for that .
you should take time . need to enjoy life
i work so much . it is hard .
i totally understand take a vacation dau
persona
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
i live in a big city.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
my major was american literature and education.
persona II
i own my company.
i make ask a year.
i pay my employees minimum wage.
i barely show up to work.
i am married with one child.
dialogue
hi how are ou doing
good , i just recovered from this sundays long walk in nature !
that's nice what do you do for a living
i am applying for jobs in education . hopefully work with young people .
cool i own a company
that is impressive . i got a liberal arts degree . how about you ?
i didn't go to school i just got my parents company
sweet ! i live in the major metro area of portland or . you rural or city ?
i live in texas its so hot in the summer
i guess you get hurricanes as well
yeah but i was north so i was not affected
that is good . are you familiar with who mark twain is ?
yes i'm do you like his work
yes , read a lot of it as part of my major but really liked him before school
persona
i'm on a keto diet.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i like going to the moives.
i've 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
persona II
i like gardening.
i like to cook.
i have a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
my children are mostly grown.
dialogue
hi there , do you garden as much as i do ?
i should i'm on the keto style diet for energy n love kale
that is absolutely great just fantastic
thanks me and my 2 golden retrievers enjoy kale and hummus
i have cat , i call him felix
nice i'm doing my best to make my dad and grandpa proud
that's funny , i do not get along with my wife
wow well i work as a juggler in a circus so i travel alot
do you have any pets ?
i said my 2 dogs they are my kids
i really really like dogs
do you go to the movies alot i live for their popcorn
no , i rather stay home and cook .
aww i go super early and usually alone in the room
that is absolutely great just fantastic
thanks i'm kinda awkward socially
persona
i am starting a new juicing bar.
i'm a vegetarian.
i love to surf.
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
persona II
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i'm a huge fan of classical jazz.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i am on a low carb diet.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
dialogue
hi there ! how is your day going ?
very good thanks . how about you ?
pretty good ! tired from going from audition to audition today .
oh wow , yea i bet that is tiring . i've been getting my new juice bar started .
are you a health nut ?
kind of , maybe . i only eat vegetables .
well , that's good for you ! i try to limit my carbs these days .
what do you like to do for fun ? surfing is my passion .
sounds great ! i really like music ! classical jazz especially .
nice ! any favorite things to do ?
i like meeting celebrities . that's why i am trying to get into hollywood ! ;
very cool . i love to read , especially on the beach .
sounds very relaxing ! do you live around an area with a beach ?
i am surrounded by beaches !
that's great ! maybe open that juice bar by the beach then !
awesome idea ! i hope you ace would one of those auditions and head to hollywood
persona
i work at a smoothie shop.
i go to a local college.
i watch basketball.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
persona II
i work in construction.
i've freckles all over my face.
i was in the army.
i love to read romance novels.
dialogue
do you think romance is overrated ?
not really . but i m still pretty young so i don t have much experience with it .
i do not either . but i'm fascinated with war and romance . i read about it
cool . are you a college student ?
i'm taking a couple years off . currently in the army .
wow that s impressive . i m in college right now and also work at a smoothie place .
that sounds like an interesting job . is it ?
yeah i like it . do you like sports ?
i enjoy sports . . . boxing is fun ! do you
i don t play any sports but i love watching basketball
that is cool but i have gotta say . playing is even more fun than watching
that s a fair point ! what s your favorite kind of food ?
persona
my bestfriend is from out of town.
i ve flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
i ve a younger sibling.
persona II
i enjoy visiting museums.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
we have two sons.
i like to paint.
dialogue
hi , i am an amateur painter , hoping to sell my work some time .
that's cool . i fly out of the country for work .
what sort of work do you do ?
i photograph hockey games . i love them .
it is great that you are able to do what you love .
yes , my younger sister does it as well .
do you have a family of your own ? children ?
no . some day perchance . you ?
married , i've 2 boys .
right on . that must be a handful .
not so bad , my sister has 5 . that is a challenge .
no doubt ! did i mention my best friend is here visiting ?
no , not yet . who is your best friend ?
her name is arlene . she owns a dominos they are rebuilding .
how long is she staying for ?
two weeks . just until the remodel is complete .
persona
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i just turned 77.
i love animals.
i'm a retired computer programmer.
persona II
i sing in the shower.
i live with my best friend.
i also own a cupcake business.
i'm always late.
dialogue
hello can you tell me something about yourself ?
well i am slightly over 3 4 of a century , at 77 , how about you ?
not quite that old yet . i am 59 yrs young
well i started my second career programming computers at your age . do you work ?
yes i've my own business making and selling cupcakes . poyou like baked goods ?
mmm . . . i sure do . what is the name of your bakery ? do you deliver ?
its bobs bakery and we deliver locally . how is the computer business ?
i retired two years ago . just me and my two dogs . bake any doggy biscuits ?
no but it sounds like a promising idea . what kind of dogs do you have ?
a golden retriever and a black lab . they watch tv with me .
they seem like nice companions . i just have a room mate who is my best friend
you two ever watch that new british show ? my fav
no not yet we don't get a lot of channels
well it is on now so i better get going . nice meeting you .
persona
i'm short.
i m smart too.
i've big face cheeks.
i am also round.
persona II
i have a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
i'm a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
feeling kind of nerdy , you ?
i am good . waiting on my two boys to get home .
i am not tall , are they ?
no , they're about average .
i also have a really big face and body , do they ?
no , they are very average . do you have any hobbies ?
i love to learn about everything , you ?
i love cross country and basketball .
did you know michael jordan was really good at basketball ?
i did . he's from nc , same state i'm from .
that's cool . i wish i could play but i don't think i'm tall enough .
what do you do for fun ?
i study , what about you ?
i don't have a job .
why not ? my large cheeks are turning red .
persona
my father has a very prestigious job.
i'm a lover of italian food.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
persona II
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
i do not know if i enjoy programming , or if its my only choice.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that its italian.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing good ! you ? i'm currently watching netflix with my family .
same here . i thought i would watch some tv before i'm off to bed
that sounds fun ! what would you have for dinner ? i had italian . i love it !
i was in the mood for some hamburgers tonight
yum ! who your favorite band ? mine is iron maiden .
i actually have been listening to old jazz lately . whats your favorite music ?
hard rock . but i make d models for video games and animations
oh that's cool do you freelance or work for a studio ?
no . i am studying to currently become like my father . he has a great high power job .
oh so your father does 3d models as well i am guessing ?
no he's a ceo for a good company . i do that for fun
oh ok that is cool . i'm a programmer and look into more of the arts lately
that sounds really interesting . do you enjoy it ?
persona
i joined a new team last month.
my number is 42.
i am a goalie.
i am a soccer player.
nike cleats are my favorite.
persona II
i fell in love this summer.
i hate school.
i live on a lake.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
dialogue
i am good hope you are doing well
good , i am well also . do you like sports ?
i do . i enjoy walking in the summer
i'm a big soccer fan and play as goalie in a new team i joined
i have to wake up in the morning . i do not want to go to class .
what do you study in school ?
just the basics . i have to also move all my stuff this weekend .
new home ? i have to buy new cleats tomorrow . nike are my favorite
it is a new apartment on the lake
sounds so nice ! are you excited ?
yes i think i fell in love for the guy in the office .
what is his name ? what is he like ?
i think he's taken . he has a nice body .
well darn , you can still look at him at work . lol
he looks like thor . i've a boyfriend too .
you have a boyfriend , but fell in love with thor ?
persona
i like to sew my own clothing.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i am an art teacher.
persona II
i'm on a low carb diet.
i'm a huge fan of classical jazz.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i'm trying to become a male model in hollywood.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
great , just sewing some funky colored clothes for my next thrift shop venture !
that is awesome maybe i could model it .
oh , i am sure you'd be a wonderful subject for students at my next art class !
yea i need extra practice being comfortable modeling in front of people .
i am sure your confidence will shine through in some exotic prints !
yea since i been dieting i feel great
i hope you are keeping it healthy , function is fashionable !
yea ever since i beat cancer i've a new outlook on life
well that's wonderful . you seem like a very strong person .
yea i like to think so . do you have hobbies
well , i love to make my own clothing , and make clothing into art !
persona
i like swimming.
my favorite color is purple.
i own a home.
i love dogs.
persona II
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i have three dogs at home.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've a bicycle.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ? do you exercise ?
hi ! i'm doing well . and you ? i exercise i swim .
i really should , but i keep putting it off . my bike is waiting for me .
it is easy for me because i love it since i was little . my purple one pice .
i had a purple swimsuit , but my 3 dogs chewed it up .
my two faves , purple and dogs !
me too . i just finished eating 2 donuts . need to take my blood sugar now .
lol ! that made me laugh so hard .
i've to take my blood sugar every day . can you guess why ?
do you have diabetes and weren't supposed to eat donuts ?
not yet . so i can have more donuts .
okay , good . my mom is the same way , she eats high sugar things too .
uh , oh . the dogs got to my bicycle .
again ? ! did i tell you that i remodeled the house and put in a pool ?
they went for a ride over to your house to check out the pool .
lol . i love them , so they can swim with me .
persona
my father was a cop.
i'm a truck driver.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
i have a cat named george.
my favorite band is metallica.
i regularly go to the gym.
dialogue
good morning , what are you up to today ?
not much , my name is lance , how are you ?
hi lance , i am bob . doing well , i just got back from the gym
nice , good work ! i do not have time for the gym , too much truck driving
truck driving , huh ? what do you listen to on the road ? metallica is my driving jam
lol , i love ted talks , since my mom was a teacher i have to keep up !
true ! what is your favorite ? i like the animal ones , i have a weird cat .
lol weird . . . stuff about law enforcement cuz that is what my dad did
fair enough . you close to your parents ?
nah , but i like their legacy . what is your job ?
in between at the moment , but i do a lot of cooking . mostly chicken and rice
cool , food ! i love to eat but its hard while driving a stick shift , safety first !
true , true . so what else is new ?
meh , not much . i'm looking for erika actually .
persona
i'm writing a novel.
i don't like pickles.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
i own an iphone.
my favorite color is black.
persona II
i love to run.
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i love to sing.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i ca sim very fast.
dialogue
hello ! i'm cinder ! hows your day been ?
my day has been good ! watching my favorite tv show currently .
that sounds fun . i'm singing along to the radio while i cook dinner .
what are you cooking . i don't happen to really enjoy eating pickles !
pickle stew ! ll actually spaghetti . i love to cook !
are you one of those people taking pictures of food on their phones , i've an iphone .
always ! and debating tonights exercise . i am a slow runner but a very fast swimmer . . .
i enjoy swimming on my back its very relaxing ! whats your favorite color ? ?
ll gold ! the color of my high school swim team trophies !
my favorite color is black , in which actually is not even a true color !
i've heard that before . something about it being the absence of color ?
yes , i happen to be writing a novel . the title even has the word black in it .
persona
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i can t stand salads.
persona II
i like things in organized.
i am a stay at home mom.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i enjoy a good run.
one of my favorite shows is face off on syfy.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
hi ! i'm doing well , thank you . how are you ?
i am good ! just finished organizing the pantry .
that's fun ! what kind of food do you like ?
i love all food . i really love cooking . baking is boring though . you ?
i like everything except for salad . did you go to culinary school ?
no , i stay at home with my kids . i wish i could though .
my mom was a stay at home mom . how many kids do you have ?
i have 4 kids . i keep my sanity by running daily !
cool ! i help take care of my grandparents .
that's very sweet of you . family is very important .
thank you ! i had to drop out of college , but it is worth it .
you will be rewarded for your kindness . i believe in karma .
i learned about karma in high school . i was valedictorian .
wow ! that's impressive ! what type of shows do you like ?
thanks ! comedies are my favorite . what about you ?
persona
dancing is my passion.
i've a dog named socks.
i'm a college student.
i drive a silver lexus.
persona II
i've a twin sister named jessica.
my son was born completely blind.
my favorite food is fried chicken.
i met my wife at a tickleback concert.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i'm great . i love to dance , do you ?
not as much . i like being with my family .
do you have any pets ? my dog , socks , lives at my parents house .
i don't . i want a dog , but my son is blind and i worry he would trip .
i'm in college and work with blind children . some dogs can be trained to help .
that might be a bit much for me to do at the moment .
do you drive ? i just bought a lexus and the color is silver .
i do . i have a green saturn . my sister has the same one !
wow , that's cool . who keeps the cleanest car ?
me for sure . she is a total slob . very different even though we are twins .
ll . did you ever trick teachers in school ?
i wish we had . jessica wanted to but i was always worried we would get caught .
yeah , i suppose that could be scary .
married ?
yes , i am married to my soulmate . she and i've been married 27 years . you ?
persona
i am the youngest of 3.
i went to college in chicago.
i love playing tennis.
i am pursuing my law degree.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
persona II
my favorite band is nirvana.
i am a casual dresser.
i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
my car needs some repairs.
i am overall happy with life.
dialogue
hello there !
hey hey !
i am a waitress , what do you do ?
i am studying to be a layer
that is cool , my favorite band is nirvana . tell me about you
i love rush , zeppelin , hendrix and tennis
that is cool , are you overall happy with life ? i am
i'd say so , i have three older brothers who are cool
that is cool i remain happy even though my car needs repairs
ugh , that is a drag . i am so bad at auto mechanics . . .
it really is , it costs so much to go see a good mechanic
i know ! my mini van needs some work too
persona
i make and me by waiting tables.
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i'm a college student who is a full time working mom.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
persona II
i get my nails done every saturday.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyer s office.
my family owns a grocery store.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.
dialogue
good morning ! i just got my nails done yesterday , i do it every saturday
oh that must be nice . what do you do for a living ?
it is . i work for a lawyer . . . i'm the receptionist . you ?
i'm a waitress . no getting nails done for me .
my family runs a grocery store so i also work there
i am trying to study right now , but my kids are eating breakfast and keep needing things .
what are you studying for ? i like to daydream about visiting paris and the cafes
i'm studying to become a doctor .
that's time consuming . i low key watch wwe so i wouldn't have time for that
you work a lot . i bet paris is well within reach .
i hope so , thank you
what is wwe ? i've not heard of it before .
it is a type of wrestling
because you watch it , you wouldn't have time to go to school ?
yes it is something i do in secret
is it some kind of addiction ? i do not understand . unless you mean you participate .
persona
my best friend lives in japan.
i live in new york.
i am a dog walker.
i've never traveled outside of the united states.
i eat ice cream when i'm sad.
persona II
i eat ice cream when i am sad.
i live in new york.
i am a dog walker.
i've never traveled outside of the united states.
my best friend lives in japan.
dialogue
my friend kim lives in japan .
oh wow , my really good friend also lives in japan . small world .
yeah , i have never been out of new york myself .
i have never been anywhere other then the us . i just moved to new york
wow , do you live in the city ?
yes . i moved here because i got a job as a dog walker . great pay .
i walk dogs for a living too . small world for sure .
when my friend moved , i ate a pint of ice cream because i was sad .
i do the same thing when i'm sad . are you my doppelganger ?
ha ha . it appears so . definitely a small world for sure .
it really is small even though it seems huge .
true . maybe we could meet up when we are walking the dog sometime .
that would definitely be great .
sounds like a plan . have a play date for the dogs , lol .
i think they would like that a lot .
lets make plans for next week . we can meet up in the park .
persona
i am a national guard officer.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i eat too much fast food.
i work as a public affairs liaison.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passat.
persona II
i'm a mother.
i have two children.
one child has autism.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ? my kids are acting up . . . sigh . . .
i am doing okay , just having some popeyes .
i am eating lunch in the teachers lounge today .
are you a teacher ? i work in pubic affairs .
yes , i've an autistic son and that is why i got into teaching . you ?
i just wanted to help where i could . i also am in the national guard
wow ! my son and daughter and me thank you for your service !
i appreciate that . do you enjoy winter ?
definitely ! nothing better than going to see snow on winter break and snowboarding !
i don't find many people who like the cold as much as i do . .
i lived in wa , my husband is a soldier too , i'm used to cold .
do you and your husband have kids ?
yes , a son and a daughter , you ?
no , i'm not married yet .
i'm sure that you'll find the right person , i divorced and remarried
oh that is interesting . i just am too busy for now .
persona
i just turned 77.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i'm a retired computer programmer.
persona II
i've two pitt bulls.
i work as a computer programmer.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i helped develop facebook.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
are you into computers ? for work or enjoyment .
i am actually a programmer so yes . helped create facebook .
wow , so am i . recently retired
what area were you in ?
the actual programming . . . but now almost 80
do you miss work now ? or really enjoy your time now ?
time goes by slowly but i watch a lot of bbc and their shows
must have a lot of wisdom !
i hope to impart some of my knowledge to grandkids .
what shows do you watch on bbc ?
oh , that one about the nosy neighbor .
don't know that one .
funny program , i even have my daughter watching it .
ok what else do you like ?
time for my nap so talk later .
persona
i enjoy reading.
i love dogs.
i work at a doctor s office.
i am single.
persona II
i am in high school.
i cs and ds.
i love sweets.
i love bruno mars.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
hello , do you like bruno mars ?
hello how are you today ?
i am well . just woke up from a nap
do you nap often then
i do . i have to get up early to catch my bus to school .
where do you go to school
in cleveland ohio , where are you ?
i am not sure really do you have pets
i do , cookie and fudge .
nice that made me hungry
i like sweets , lol . they are puppies .
nice where do you work
i do not work . i am a junior in high school
oh wow well stay in school
persona
i work in a movie theater.
i m constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
my boyfriend is in acting school.
nachos make me happy.
persona II
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
dialogue
where do like to shop ?
for what ? food , clothes , cares ?
anything that you like to buy
i do not make much money so thrift stores , and discount shops
do you have a dollar tree
omg i love the dollar tree ! it is my jam
i know they have everything
i even watch dollar tree , youtube videos
i do that to interesting
right , i love there decor items for the different seasons
that is great i make crafts
it is like really a dollar ? i will take five
they have different items for everything
do you buy food at the dollar tree ?
some time i get the chips and cookies
do you go to the 99 cents store ?
persona
i'm married.
i have a black lab.
i'm from tennessee.
i love to fish.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
persona II
i live in ahuge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
i went to college in maryland.
i play for the washington wizards.
i am a professional basketball player.
dialogue
hi , nice to chat with you . where are you located ?
hello , i was born in tennessee . how about you ?
i live in washington but was also in maryland for awhile going to school
great ! how is the fishing there ?
its great ! what do you do for a living ?
i am retired , so i just fish and spend time with my black lab and wife .
that's great ! i hope to retire soon . i just signed on with the washington wizards
congratulations ! that's a big accomplishment . i recently went to washington to see a charlie daniels concert
nice ! i bet that was great ! are you a big fan of his ?
yes , i grew up listening to him and have been to many concerts .
what other things do you like to do ?
i take my lab dog to the park often to play . do you own a dog ?
i've 4 . i've a large house so it works .
wow , that must be a lot to handle when you play in the nba
it is but i have great staff .
and are you married too ?
persona
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
persona II
my father was born in australia.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
my father was an author.
i like to travel.
my mother was born in ireland.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i am well thank you and yourself ?
i am doing great . i was looking into travel .
new york would be a great place they have lots of shops .
i have been there . it is great .
what do you do for fun . i stay home most time unless i'm playing ultimate .
what is ultimate ? i've never heard
it is frisbee basically . i play with my guys at the park .
that's an interesting game
yeah , do you have pets , i own a pug .
how old is he or she
7 he has been with me a long time , very loyal animal .
animals are great if you don't travel too much
very true . i take him where ever i go . very well socialized . get some strange looks too
people are mean at times
yeah did you go to college i graduated with study in law ?
persona
my son is a football player.
i like reading mystery novels.
i love pizza.
i'm an american citizen.
going to the beach is my favorite past time.
persona II
i like to visit places around the world.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i like to swim in the lake.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
dialogue
how are you today
i am good how are you
i'm great a little chilly here
yeah i wish it was still summer where do you live
i am in wv i don't i hate summer
what kind of food do you like
i love sea food i like shrimp and crabs
i'm into pizza boring i know lol
i eat it alot as a kid so i hate it now
haha that is funny what do you like to do on the weekends
i love to play sports and bake
that's cool i love to go to the beach
i love the beach to i love the water period
yeah its so fun too bad its starting to get cold
persona
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i am allergic to cats.
i love to have my nails done.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
persona II
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
my favorite band is radiolead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
dialogue
hello , how are you this beautiful day ?
how are you doing today
i'm great . just celebrated my 3rd wedding anniversary with my husband last night .
i'm good what about you
i'm still doing good , lol
well congrats to you and your husband
thank you ! what about you ? do you have a family ?
yes i'll be getting marked next tuesday
org , that's fantastic ! ! congratulations ! !
thanks do you have kids
unfortunately , no i do not . i do however have two small dogs , peanut and jelly .
awwww that is cute do you want kids
yes , i really do . we would have to adopt though .
oh i am sorry to hear that
its okay , really . what about you ? are you looking forward to mini yous ?
i've 1 girl and 2 boys we want one more girl
persona
i am very skinny and energetic.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
persona II
i'm a professional skittles player.
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
my favorite mlb player is bartolo colon.
i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
i have never had candy in my life.
dialogue
good morning how is it going
i am super buzzed right now and very fast you ?
i am known as iron skittles in the skittles universe
that is so interesting i drink all the caffeine and run are you happy ?
although i never ate candy i my life
i eat terrible food always but i stay fit
i'm a professional skittles player like of all time
that is so cool can you ran far ?
in my spare time i like to look at anime and baseball
nice i have a car that's super lame but it was free
my all time best mlb player is bartolo colon
those aren't real words
its ok to be lame if you do not understand
i am sorry too much caffeine forgive me
what a bummer but ok cool
so what else do you like to do ?
persona
i am from austin , texas.
i like every post i see on social media.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
when people do not like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i like to cook new recipes.
persona II
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
i love going to the movies.
i used to wear a cape.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good how about yourself ?
i'm doing pretty good . what are you doing tonight ?
just finished making a new recipe and i'm about to post it online .
what kind of recipe was it ?
mac and cheese with crushed crackers on top . it was very good . what are you doing tonight ?
that sounds really good ! i am watching movies .
what movie are you watching ?
superhero movies . they're my favorites , my brother and i used to pretend we were superheros .
really ? ? that's so funny , who is your favorite hero ?
superman . i'd pretend to be him so i could wear a cape .
what food does superman like ?
persona
i love to read.
i live in a medium sized city.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i have a masters degree in creative writing.
persona II
my favorite band is the muggers.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
my dreams are often bizarre.
i go surfing any chance i get.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
hi ! i am doing well ! how are you doing ?
i'm great from going surfing earlier , i go any chance i get
i love going to the beach and watching the surfers in the sunset . so relaxing !
sounds like a dream ! although my actual dreams can often get bizarre
mine do too . it helps writing about them and then deciphering their meaning
i've dreamt that i was married . but i could never actually commit to one person
sounds like reality to me !
in reality , the muggers is my favorite band . but in my dream , it was the muppets !
haha that's hilarious ! glad it was only a dream !
right ? ? i do not know if i could listen to kermit miss piggy singing all the time
lol ! you should seriously write about this stuff . you seem like a creative soul !
thanks ! maybe i'll when i am taking a break from surfing
maybe i'll see you at the beach one of these days . i'll wave from the shore !
persona
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i live a lie.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i'm a painter.
persona II
i am married with kids.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i hate running.
dialogue
hello how are you ?
i am not doing great , i feel depressed
i love baseball and it helps to play when i am down
i do not have a lot of free time
i do not either with the wife and kids
i have a wife but she does not like me very much
my wife do not like me either she loves our 2 cats and the dog more
mine thinks i'm poor and lazy , years ago i won the lottery ,
wow lucky you ! how much did you win ?
1 million , i didn't let my wife
i was in a race for 1 million dollars but i lost beacuse i hate to run
i just want to paint , i do ones with trees
i bet you are good . what else do you like ?
i go for walks in the woods
that's nice and relaxing
it ic nice to be in the quite
persona
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i am an author.
i like to drink green tea.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
persona II
i have epilepsy.
i like to read.
my parents aren't married anymore.
i like to go swimming.
i've one son.
dialogue
hello , my name is andrew . how are you ?
i'm cool i'm rod an author
very cool . i am an avid reader . what do you write ?
i love running , drinking tea and watching mystery . i also write while in the park
sounds fun . i love going swimming .
i do not know how to swim
i have to be careful when i do because i suffer from epilepsy .
just eat fruits and vegetables .
oh , okay . what is your family like ? i've one child , a boy .
my family is simple and i don't have a kids
no kids ? a peaceful life ! my folks are split up . are yours ?
they're also that's why i do not have kids
i see . you are a healthy person , it sounds like .
yes i'm a vegan i don't eat animals
commendable . i admire that . although i confess i eat a burger sometimes .
that's bad love animals do not eat them
persona
i love animals.
i like to stay fit.
i love to watch ted talks.
i do not much like tv.
i love to walk in the woods.
persona II
i lamp on the weekends in the forest.
there i am a general of an oris army.
in reality i am 32 and live at home with my mother.
i could move out , but she does not want me to.
i miss my dad.
dialogue
hey there , this is rob
hello rob , i am cheryl .
i'm fed up with my girlfriend . .
oh no ! what has she done ?
i want to move out . . but she does not want me to do that
well the ted talk i'm watching says carpe diem .
yeah i know that . . it is pretty old
sometimes i watch them while i jog in the woods .
i used to watch . . but now i didn't . . . now i watch movies with my gf
i only watch ted talks .
i only want to move out . . . now she's making my life hell
i am so sorry rob , maybe you should get a puppy !
persona
but i'm a frustrated driver.
i'm a people person.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
my husband works at a telecom.
persona II
i like to make bagels.
i like to arm wrestle.
i used to be a nurse.
i am a cartographer.
i like to paint outdoors.
dialogue
hey how is it going
its ok . i just got into a wreck .
what sorry to hear that's everyone okay
yea it was my fault i've a little road rage but i love people lol
that's okay it happens , i use to be a nurse be sure to get checked out
i'll my husband is working at telecom ao he gets great insurance
great that good to hear , i have to paint my fence tommorrow
what color are you going to paint it
white and yellow i really like painting
sounds pretty . i love going on adventures and doing stuff like mountain climbing
really that sounds awesome like to arm wrester and bake bagels
umm bagels ! i love everything bagels and plain bagels
what do you do for a living ?
stay at home and watch the kids . you ?
i make a living as a cartographer
cool so what exactly do you ?
persona
i hate paying my bills.
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i whine a lot.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i try to limit how much i eat.
persona II
i think the moon landing was faked.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i like the color red.
i have 3 thumbs.
dialogue
hey do you have any unique features ? i got 3 thumbs
that is interesting . i guess the weirdest thing about me is i do not work
how come ? it is a lot of unemployed people
i'd just rather relax all day long
i guess there isn'thing wrong with that
paying bills is the worst part about life
only if you can not afford them
i guess that is true . i'm always whining though
so you are just pretty much spoiled ? lol
maybe . but hey , i spoil my puppy too
awww what is the puppy name ?
anna . she is a golden retriever
i love animals . i have a red bird which is my fave color
is it a cardinal ? what do you like to eat ?
yes . i like steak and potatoes , you ?
i eat salads a lot . i try not to eat too much
persona
i like to ride my scooter.
i have red hair.
i've lots of friends.
my name is nick.
i don t like music.
persona II
i'm single and go on dates regularly.
i have a pug named corky.
i enjoy playing tennis.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i was born completely deaf.
dialogue
i love the mall . do you ?
hi i'm nick , you ? yes i love the mall
i go there a lot . i enjoy it a lot .
i enjoy riding my scooter to the mall .
i walk there at times or i ride my bike .
i like that my scooter does not play music as it isn't my favorite .
i'm actually deaf and don't even hear music .
oh , that isn't good . do you have a lot of friends ? i do .
i'm used to it . m friends are ok with it as well .
oh good . what color hair do you have ? i've red .
so do i . how cool is that ?
very cool ! do you have pets ?
i have a pug dog .
my favorite dog is a pug . what is his name ?
he's called corky . he's so cute .
i love it . there's a seal at sea world named corky .
i love going there but only have one time .
same here . one day i want to go back again before they take it away
persona
i like to make bagels.
i'm a cartographer.
i like to arm wrestle.
i used to be a nurse.
persona II
i love helping people.
i'm a older woman.
i live in a rural area.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
dialogue
do you live in city or rural area i am from a quiet rural area
i like in a suburb
do you work i retired a few years ago to help my friends spend time with husband
i quit my nursing job to make bagels
nursing is special i also like to help people
that's cool what do you do to help people
i'm not young anymore i'm an older lady i like to do charity stuff
that's nice charity is still helpful
yes it can help people out which is good
what do you do for fun
crafting making soaps and candles
that's a very unique hobby
what do you like to do
i arm wrestle which is kind of random i'm pretty competitive
cool i like ufc which is similar
wow that's cool for an old lady
persona
my family is poor.
i practice yoga and hike.
i love the natural world beauty.
i m obsessed with animals.
persona II
i can play the piano.
i am a dancer.
i'm a night owl.
i am a vegetarian.
dialogue
hello , is this vegetarians anonymous ?
no , i'm a person in a home
well , i thought this is was night owl go to vent about meat
i actually love animals pretty much obsessed
same . . . why eat them when we can play them music like on a piano
exactly , i love music especially when i hike or yoga
music is life . . . dancing to anything with a beat is the best
i grew up poor and i always enjoyed dwelling in the natural beauty of the world
i hear that . . . but i can only take so much sun , love the night
yes , me too . . . . where do you work ?
at a bar midtown
that is cool , do you have children ?
unless you count my cats , no lol
they're very much like children
persona
i work as a public affairs liaison.
i eat too much fast food.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i am a national guard officer.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passa.
persona II
i love my pet dog more than anything.
my temper is pretty short.
i would like to be a teacher in the future.
i am picky when it comes to food.
dialogue
what is your favorite food ? i am a picky eater .
anything quick , fast and can go in a microwave ! my job is demanding , no time for cooking
i would really like to be a teacher one day . what is your job ?
i love my job , i work in public affairs . very tedious but rewarding . a teacher ? niceeee
yes , but i have a bad temper . its a short temper .
oh no , do you have patience enough to work with children ?
i would hope i could control it . what do you love ?
hows the weather where you are ?
it is beautiful . more than anything , i've a huge love for my dog .
www , i love animals ! enjoying the fall weather . i can not wait for it to snow .
it doesn't snow where i live . i live in the south us . you ?
same here but i make it my business to catch snowfall every year . its magical
i am sure it is . i'd love to travel and see snow . i prefer sunshine .
sunshine is pretty good too .
but we are in hurricane paths .
i love letting the top down on my vw passa on a sunny day
persona
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
i'ven t spoken to my family in years.
i live alone.
persona II
i enjoy baking and cooking.
i have a family of three daughters.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
i am a woman.
dialogue
do you want to bake with me and my daughters ?
haha formal situations like that tend to make me uncomfortable .
i guess i could just bake for you .
i like eating yummy food ! are you on facebook ?
no not really . there are a lot of racist people on there
really ? i've over 4 , 000 friends and have not encountered that .
yeah , they hate people from saudi arabia
i love to hitchhike but i have not made it there yet .
can you hitchhike your way onto a plane ?
haha maybe sneak on to one . are you close with your family ?
yes , very close . what about you ?
i haven't spoken to them in years .
why ? that is so crazy .
i've a hard time letting people in .
persona
this is my second year in the league.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
i play quarterback.
last season i was just getting started.
persona II
i drive a ford taurus.
i drink diet coke.
i work in retail.
i spend too much time shopping.
dialogue
how are you today , any fun plans ?
no fun plans i've to focus on football . i play for the eagles .
that is a cool job , i work at a clothing store
do you work in menswear or ladies ?
i do both because i love to shop
cool . do you like your job too ?
yeah i get to help people find their style .
i like working as a team , this is my second year , last year i was a rookie .
that's really cool , what position do you play ?
quarterback . do you like football ?
its okay , my husband was a linebacker in high school .
i have always loved football .
persona
i love katy perry.
i drive a ford taurus.
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i work in retail.
persona II
i like free diving.
i only date people taller than me.
i really like technology.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
dialogue
oh hi there , how are you ?
not bad drinking a diet coke you ?
checking out the some new technology . it fascinates me .
awesome do you like walmart ? i work there
i do ! they make these tiny sweaters for my dog there . she is smaller then my cat .
oh that is really small . i shop more than i should
it ust be easy to do since you ork there .
true it is . do you like katy perry ? she is my fav
she's okay , i really like that one song she had last summer .
yea i was not impressed with recent performance on saturday night live tho
i missed it , i was out free diving . it was so much fun .
oh what kind of vehicle ? i've a ford
lol , diving ! like in the ocean .
sorry i misread but diving is alright i can't swim tho
honestly , i'm not all that great at it either .
yea it looks complicated to actually be good i would just cannon ball
persona
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i am twenty six years old this may.
persona II
i'm an athlete.
i play football.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i had 128 tackles last year.
my position is linebacker.
dialogue
hey i am into sports love football . i play professionally
that's cool . i only a cashier at a gas station
i play for the baltimore ravens had some tackles 8
i love the ravens . my mom was famous dancer ballet . do you like it
of course in football we love it i'm a linebacker
i just turn 26 and plan to move to san diego soon . my time will come
yes it will ! come get a ticket 1 day
of course i love football and also punk rock . rancid my fav
that's cool you are pretty cool with me .
awesome . i'd love to see you play . get away from this gas station
where is it ? i am sure its annoying .
in portland . i am so over it . that is why i am moving to san diego
persona
i play the guitar.
i write short films.
i am a lesbian.
my father recently had a heart attack.
persona II
i grew up by the ocean.
i love to travel.
dogs are my favorite animal.
i like to eat pizza.
dialogue
hi there , did you grow up near oceans like me ?
heart attacked was expert by my dad
what is your favorite color ?
any color will do my guitar is the only that matters
i like walking on the beach .
oh , that s a great setting for the films that i am writing
i really really like dogs
i do not have one , do you like it
yea we travel a lot
where do you guys go usually
to get pizza he loves it
oh you like pizza , what flavor
all kinds really even the meat lovers
really , how often you eat thos
i have a best friend
who is your best friend
persona
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i really enjoy making friends.
i play the trumpet.
i'm in my high school band.
persona II
i love to bake.
my mother is a retired teacher.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm from texas.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i'm good thanks . just finished playing my trumpet
that's awesome i just got done baking a cake .
yum ! do you bake for friends ? i love making friends
yes i bake a lot for friends here in texas .
you guys have some good high school bands there ! i'm in mine !
where are you from ?
not texas sadly . i'd like to move to california though when i am older
my mom use to teach band . i to was in band .
that is cool ! when i grow up i want to be a movie director .
that seems exciting ! i'm a stay at home mom for now .
my mom is at home with us and i love her for it
yes , i understand . my kids are young .
how many do you have ?
persona
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i recently started to work online.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
i eat meat.
persona II
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i wish i made more money.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
i am good . . how was ur weekend ? ?
great , wish i had more money
what will you do with money ? ? ?
catch up on my rent , pay electric bill catch on certain things
hm . . interesting . . where are you from ? ?
i am from california , what bout you ?
i am from boston ma
wow cool cool , i enjoy writing , your hobbies ?
hiking . . and going into the nature
nice , i really enjoy pens , i'm obsessed with them
i work for luxor . pen company
really ! way cool , get me a pen haha
sure dude . . i work inthe manufacturing unit itself
persona
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i have never been on a cruise ship.
i'm planning a trip to europe.
i love to shop on weekends.
persona II
i sew my own clothes.
my favorite food is raw onion.
i'm really into the powers of crystals.
i have long curly hair.
dialogue
heh man whats up
not much , just working on some plans . how are you tonight ?
awsome dude just scored something heavy !
oh yeah ? what exactly is that ?
scored some camping gear , cheap !
oh that is awesome ! are you going to go somewhere ?
dude man , gonna check out bob wier !
that is pretty exciting . my boyfriend is a fan !
yeah i have not taken in a show in awhile .
i heard of one last weekend but went shopping instead .
gotta be less than ten words i guess .
yeah , but have you ever been dancing before ?
many times at the dead concerts !
i bet those are a lot of fun !
persona
my mom lives with me.
my hair is very long.
i've a boyfriend who lives in italy.
i hate cooking.
persona II
in reality i m 32 and live at home with my mother.
i miss my dad.
i larp on the weekends in the forest.
there i m a general of an orcish army.
dialogue
hey there . how is it going ?
i am okay , my long hair just got in a knot . you ?
i'm okay too . woke up missing my father today .
aww that is sad . where is he ?
he passed . usually , i larp deep in the forest when i feel this way .
wow , my mom lives in my basement and my boyfriend is in italy .
woah . i still live with my mom and i'm 32 .
thankfully my mom cooks for me because i dislike cooking !
mom cooks once i the general return from the forest with my orcish army .
interesting , what is an orcish ?
it is a world of warcraft reference . do you watch game of thrones ?
i do not . i have heard of it though .
it is a good television show . also , stranger things rocks !
i see ! my mother doesn't believe in televisions .
what does she believe in as an alternative ? that is intriguing
reading and learning how to do hair styles with my long hair .
persona
i live in a house.
i have a lot of friends.
i'm ten years old.
i love dogs and cats.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
persona II
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i build my own computers.
i collect bugs in jars.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
i ran for political office in 2004.
dialogue
hello ! what are you doing ?
not much . just hanging out in my house . you ?
me too . i am working on building another computer .
oh that is too cool ! ! i want to do something like that some day
what do you like to do ?
i love to play with my cat and dog
i've a dog . she's wonderful . i also collect bugs .
oooh bugs are icky ! how old are you ?
i am 30 . you ?
i am only 10 years old .
i ran for school board several years ago because of my interest in schools .
that is really cool of you . my mom works at a school
i started collecting bugs when i was your age . what do you like to do ?
my favorite thing is to play catch with my big german shephard dog
persona
my dad died when i was in high school.
i have a lot of allergies.
i like watching tv and movies.
my favorite type of music is metal.
persona II
i've the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i m too short to reach the top shelf.
i have five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
dialogue
have you eaten asparagus lately ?
no i am allergic to them , and many other things too .
oh no ! i can sense when people have but not online of course .
i only eat corn , popcorn , like at the shoes .
that does not sound healthy . you should have a nice medium rare steak .
my dad was killed by steak , he choked when i was a young man .
that's terrible , i'm sorry .
it is ok i guess , i'm older now and stay distracted if i can .
i understand . are you married ?
no i'm just a lonely headbanger watching black mirror on netflix all day . you ?
dude , black mirror is great .
it is , quite dark and ominous . i like to watch shows of all types .
are you a coffee drinker ? i have 5 types currently .
i hate coffee , thanks . i'm allergic to all coffee .
it must be hard being you .
it can be , but i put on my slayer albums and drift away .
persona
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i work as a veterinarians assistant.
i love dogs.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
persona II
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i am a breath of fresh air.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today !
i'm doing swell ! how bout yourself ?
great ! i just got home from the beach !
sounds fun . my dogs love the beach !
how many dogs do you have ! ! !
i've 2 dogs and i love them very much
we don't allow dogs at my beach ! i am a lifeguard !
wow sounds exciting . do you save people often ?
not really ! it happens less than baywatch !
good show . what food do you like ?
pizza is my fave ! what about you ?
pizza is up there for me , but i am going to have to say seafood
maybe i've seen some of your fish ! ll !
catch one for me next time !
persona
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i'm the youngest of 8 kids.
i never stop looking for love.
i've a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
persona II
i've long red hair.
i do not eat asparagus.
i own 10 cats.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
dialogue
hi , my name is chad , i have red hair , long . how are you ?
i am good i am spending time with my seven siblings , i am the youngest .
seven ? wow . i live alone with my 10 cats .
i love cats ! as much as my friends who i'd do anything for .
you should try blue jello with your friends , it is my favorite
sounds good do you have any guilty pleasures ? mine is mcdonalds .
super good , i love all kind of food except asparagus , i don't eat that
me either ! are you married ? i am still searching for love .
i told you that i have lot of cats , so i have to be single
ha ha ! what do you do for a living ?
chat to strangers over the internet while eating blue jello d
lol ! i am in real estate and waitress on the weekends .
kinda weird combination , love it
it is ! it keeps me going though !
that is what counts , i can not do much while taking care of my cats
i bet they keep you busy .
persona
my favorite animal is the koala.
i live with a roommate.
i work part time.
i don t like beer.
persona II
i enjoy fishing.
i have three dogs.
i love to cook.
i work for an architect firm.
dialogue
i wish i could get out of work and hit the lake with my fishing pole .
that sounds fun . a similar break from my roommate would be wonderful .
come with me ! i'll cook whatever we catch .
sounds like a plan . not a beer fan though . know a good alternative ?
whiskey ? i've dogs named bourbon , whiskey , and rye .
great names . i work pt at a bar , so whiskey is acceptable .
thanks ! i actually designed them a house that is about 800 square feet .
so a dog mansion then ? awesome . do you like koalas ?
yes . i'm an architect . i love koalas ! you have one ?
i wish . hoping to go and see one in its natural habitat soon .
where ? that sounds like quite the vacation .
australia , and i'd be going with a friend that's from there .
that sounds incredible ! good fishing down there i bet too .
cairns has really good fishing . you should look into it .
i'll . thanks for the suggestion . have you been there before ?
not yet , but it is in our itinerary . would love to catch some mahi mahi .
persona
during the week , i work as a barista.
my favorite book is the bible.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
persona II
my father is a mechanic.
i'm vegan.
my favorite band is muse.
i'm leaving for college in three months.
dialogue
hello do you need a mechanic ?
no , i work as a barista and make jewelry during my spare time .
sweet i'll be going to college soon
nice . i assume you read then and my favorite read is the bible .
i've to read , i've 3 months before i go
however , i'm shacked up with my boyfriend in an apartment , lol
how do you feel about vegans ? i am one
they are fine . i like to go to craft shows to sell my jewelry on the weekends .
have you heard of the brand muse ?
yes , love it . great band .
my father listens to them while doing his mechanical duties
your father sounds like an interesting man .
vegan , mechanic , not so interesting to me
i thought you were also vegan ?
yes i am . i guess he introduced me to in
well , he likes muse . that was the interesting part i guess .
persona
my favorite author is jane austen.
i eat a lot of fish.
i live near the ocean.
i only wear tennis shoes.
i own a boat.
persona II
i like to garden.
i like to travel.
i like to build things.
i am tall.
dialogue
gardening is my favorite way to pass the time on weekends . whats yours ?
i love talking walks n the beach
i love the beach as well ! its one of my favorite travel destinations .
what do you do for a living ?
i love my job ! i travel to various vacation destinations and build hotels .
what cut are you from ?
i am from a city in the midwest . where are you from ?
i am from cali . . . have you been ?
no , i have never been , but i have friends there . what do you do there for a living ?
i am a fisherman here
that must be exciting to work on the water . do you get to travel in your work ?
no i do not travel much
what kinds of fish do you catch ?
everything under the sun lol
persona
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
i have five cats.
i am next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
black coffee is my addiction.
my husband died last year.
my family gets together every saturday.
i'm 77 years old.
dialogue
good morning , i hate dark gloomy days i lost my husband
me too . about the weather . its pretty sunny here right now though .
last year he died from old age .
well that's good it wasn't a terrible disease or anything . have any cats ?
no no no cats just a coffee addict lol
i have several cats , enough that you could probably call me a crazy cat lady !
lol oh man how old are you ?
i am 32 , how old are you ?
i am 77 wishing he was here
i wish my husband were here too . he's always so busy with work .
what does he do for work ? got any family
he's ceo of a major fast food company . we just have the cats , no kids .
do you want kids ? me an my fam link each an every saturday
no i don't want any children . do you have a favorite color ?
my fav color is pink
i'm a fan of blue , especially baby blue .
persona
i am in the army.
i fly airplanes.
i enjoy building computers.
i dropped out of college.
persona II
i like video games.
i love ballet.
my favorite color is purple.
i've blonde hair.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
dialogue
hi dude . how are you
doin good what about you ?
i'm great . playing video games here . you
working on putting a custom computer together
cool . i hope it is purple ? where are you ?
i am located in kentucky , nope this one isn't purple , maybe the next one
nice , they have great macaroni and cheese down there . right ?
yeah its pretty good but spend most of my time overseas in the army
the army wanted me because i am a ballet dancer . can i join ?
i am sure they will accept you
great . i like to shoot guns . do you like food ?
yes love food and i also love guns
nice . we have so much in common .
when i'm home on leave i fly my plane as much as possible
i like planes too . are you rich ?
i inherited a few million from my grand parents
persona
i am a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that is why i have been a sales person all my life.
i am a fitness guru.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a carefree , funloving , free spirited person.
persona II
i paint in my free time.
i was born in london.
i live in vienna , austria now.
i work in it.
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
great on this day the lord has made !
good to hear ! i had to work today .
me too friend , but i just came from the gym . where do you work ?
i do it for a company . showing oldies how to use their computers mostly .
i'm a sales person so i swindle people out of money but god first .
well obviously . do you do anything outside of work ?
i go the gym and watch movies . i'm a pretty fun loving person .
i paint a lot when i have time . vienna is pretty inspiring for art .
i love adventure . where is vienna located exactly ?
in austria . i'm originally from london , but moved here recently . where are you located ?
i'm from the united states . do you like adventure too ? london is far .
my boyfriend and i try to find adventure . it can be hard after five years together .
did he move to austria with you or all you alone there ?
we live together here , i moved to be with him . do you live with anyone ?
no i'm all single waiting to meet the man of my dreams .
persona
i want to be alone sometimes.
i feel competitive against other women.
i don t trust anyone.
i don t like trying new things.
i like the library.
persona II
i've long hair for a boy.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i like lizards.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ? what kind of things do you like ?
my age is 25 . i like to read . what do you like ?
i love lizards , i used to have a firey orange bearded dragon !
cool ! how old are you ?
i am 28 . are you in school ?
nope . i work at the library . you ?
i tend to draw in class , when i should take notes , but get good grades
what is your major ? i hated school , but do love my job .
art . do you have any cool dreams ? things you wish you could do ?
nope . just like sitting in the library , all alone , nobody to bother me .
sometimes i want to live in a magical world with unicorns and dragons
are you male or female ? i hate all this competition between females .
female . what color is your hair ? is it long or short ?
short . brown . do you run or take part in marathons ?
persona
i'm a huge fan of classical jazz.
i am on a low carb diet.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i'm trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
persona II
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
i'm an award winning 4h member.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i can speak four languages fluently.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
i am doing great now . how are you ?
not bad , just got home from helping out my sons boy scout troop
i was a scout , now i am pursuing a modeling career .
cool . what made you want to do that ?
i had urinary cancer when i was 16 , cured at 18 and decided to enjoy life .
wow , that's a great attitude to have !
i had lunch with will ferrell the other day , he and i both like classical jazz .
what ! ? the real will ferrell ! how did you meet him ?
i was at a casting call , and he invited some of us for a private lunch .
cool . i love doing celebrity impressions and do a pretty good ferrell in elf
that's my favorite movie of his .
me too . he's hilarious , and christmas is my favorite holiday
halloween is mine . always has been .
do you speak any other languages other than english ?
no , sorry . i am not a linguist . are you ?
persona
i live in my parent s basement.
i m a vegetarian.
i read a lot of used books.
i like cats.
persona II
i am a seventh day adventist.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
my friends tell me that i m a neurotic hypochondriac.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am good how are you
i'm doing pretty well tonight
i'm at my parents house in the basement
oh do you live there ? i've ocd that would be hard
no they just have a lot of cats i take care of
oh that would also be hard . i need to have a lot of control
i like to read so it doesn't bother me
oh you like to read ? i teach at a private elementary school
yes that's cool i love veggies
me too i'm 100 vegan
that is good healthier choice
i hope so , i always feel like something is wrong with me
i hope you feel better soon then
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i go to church on sunday.
i have a 3 year old.
my father is a preacher.
i'm a 1st grade teacher.
persona II
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i've borderline personality disorder.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm great , school started today . i'm a teacher
that is an admirable trade do you like it ?
i do , i love kids , i have a toddler , he is 3
that's nice i am a dental assistant
nice , my dads a preacher
do you like to party , preachers child ?
no , i go to church every sunday
oh i party super hard heh
what do you listen to ? i am listening to purple rain rn
i go to every single music festival
that's cool . i hate festivals myself , the live acts sound awful
you gotta wear the protective earplugs or its all white noise
the quality is terrible no matter what , save your pennies go see them in venues
well that is quite pretentious of oyu
no , its factual . open air venue festival worse sonics than closed venue
persona
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
my parents have been married for 40 years.
persona II
i am in college.
i still live at home.
i listen to death metal.
i like cartoons.
dialogue
hey , good morning , what you up to ?
just thinking about visiting nyc
okay , have you ever been there before ?
no i'd like to go thought , the people seem nice
okay , where are you right now ?
in my living room watching goodfellas
what is goodfellas , i have never heard of that ?
best movie of all time
oh okay , i guess that explanation is good enough lol
i highly recommend you watch it
i will because i love best movies of all times lol
i work at a greeting card company
how do you enjoy working there ?
it is a job i guess
just be grateful to have a job because some people are not as fortunate
this is true you are right
persona
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
there's only been one set of twins in my family.
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
i've been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
persona II
i love to exercise.
i've a nice smile.
many people want to be my friend.
i like makeup.
i'm not a nice person.
dialogue
fellow , how are you doing today ?
i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
awesome . just got back from the gym . checking instagram and facebook . so many friend requests .
wow ! you must be popular ! i'm not as cool .
i guess so . i put a makeup tutorial online and everyone loved it !
cool , i make videos of fart noises with my armpits . i am pretty talented !
that is . . . interesting . how did you start going that ?
i can even make musical melodies with my arm pit .
you said you are not very cool . maybe if you did not do that you would have more friends .
when i was younger i was a huge superman
you were a huge superman ? i got a congeniality award in school when i was younger .
fan and would walk around in costume and it would make noises under the arm .
interesting . i don't know why you don't do something productive like going for a run .
eh . i'm not popular with the ladies either . every ex has cheated on me .
persona
my dad died when i was in high school.
my favorite type of music is metal.
i work in commercials.
i like watching tv and movies.
persona II
i'm not married.
i like to hunt.
i love basketball.
i like to sing.
have both daughters and sons.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
hi , i am good . just chilling out after work . you ?
oh nothing much . just getting ready for work .
have you got anything interesting happening at work today ?
nothing much . just a pop quiz for my students .
sounds better than my day was . too many meetings for me . whats the quiz ?
countries in europe . its a simple informal assessment .
what age students do you teach ?
grade 3 age 8 to 9
do you enjoy teaching ? i always thought it would be quite hard work .
i do enjoy teaching and it is hard work , but i like it .
good for you . what do you do to relax at the end of the day ?
persona
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i sew my own clothes.
i have long curly hair.
my favorite food is raw onion.
persona II
i like cookies.
i am a student.
i also like ice cream.
i like painting , i can cook well.
dialogue
happy sunday , how are you today
i am good how are you ?
great . i am baking cookies , do you like to bake ?
sometimes , i really am into gardening
that's cool . i'm more of a sweet tooth person
i like sweets , i also sew
do you sew your own clothes
yes i just made a jacket the other day
wow , that's very cool . what color is it ?
it is blue , what do you do for a living ?
i go to school and i like blue too
blue is my favorite , what are you studying ?
baking ! want to open a bakery one day
do you bake savory things i love things with onion
sometimes . mostly i enjoy baking sweets
what do you look like ? i have very curly red hair
persona
i always have a beer after work.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i played football in high school.
i'm a roofer.
persona II
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i'm colorblind.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i have a college degree in marketing.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
good , you ? how was your day ?
rough . put out two fires today . this is my first day home from the station
wow , well done ! i got a roof ready to put on new shingles .
do you work in construction ? looking for a contractor for my grocery store
roofing , do you need a new roof ? i need to get to the grocery anyway .
i need everything . i am trying to open my store within 2 months
i can help with that . maybe we can trade for beer and steak .
yes ! my mom would love to cook for us . she cooks all my meals
nice ! i will take my steak well done . i can drive my chevy over .
text when youre here . i can't see color so i will not know which car is yours
it is listed so look for a tall truck .
will do . do you need help marketing for your business ?
i mean lifted . no i am good . maybe for our football team though .
i'd love to help . just graduated with my degree so trying to get some work
congrats ! i used to play for them in high school . i will ask their needs .
persona
i work at a grocery store.
i go visit them sometimes.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my best friend lives in a big city.
persona II
i love animals.
i am an aspiring singer.
i enjoy playing tennis.
green is my favorite color.
dialogue
good morning . the sun is shining and the grass is green !
uru , i have a job at a grocery shop !
awesome ! i'm a singer , looking to get signed . do you know anyone ?
no but i like to go visiting sometimes
i play tennis , my favorite outfit to play in is green .
growing plants in her is what she like to do
i love plants , they are so green !
there's a big city where my friend lives , it has plants
plants are great . i love any and all .
i am employed ay a grocery store
yes , you said that already . do you have any hobbies ?
i know someone and she grow plants , she does it in her garden
is it a green garden ? i like green .
its a big city maybe , my best friend lives there
cool . cities are great , i prefer the beach .
i've job , its at a food shop , no the beach
persona
we have two sons.
i like to attend wine tours.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
i enjoy visiting museums.
persona II
i read a lot.
i love anime.
i love role play.
i draw comics.
i visit comic con.
dialogue
hello ! how is your day ?
hi ! very good , thank you . just returned from wine tasting
that sounds nice ! i read today and watched anime
do you watch a lot of anime ?
yes ! and i role play . what are your hobbies ?
i like going to art museums and theater .
do you have a favorite ? i enjoying creating artistic representations of comics . i like art
so you are an artist yourself ?
i suppose . i feel like an artist most during comic con . what do you do ?
i work part time as a music teacher . you ?
i pick up jobs here and there . i want to make money from comics i draw
i hope you will be able to someday . do you have a family ?
thank you . it is just me and my books and costumes . do you ?
yes , i am married , with two boys . they can be wild .
i bet ! where do you live ?
i'm in michigan . how about you ?
persona
my children are a disappointment.
i married miss usa.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
persona II
my favorite hero is flash.
i do not like dresses.
i love butterflies.
i prefer summer.
i type one handed.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am doing okay . how are you ?
good today . . its a good whether here in seattle
that's nice . my wife wants to visit soon . i'm more for mexico .
i prefer the sunny whether too . .
yes . she was miss usa . now i just wonder if she married me for my money .
r you kidding me . . where u stay ?
no . it has me kind of down tonight . i'm from new york city .
kook . . i'm a one handed person while it come for typing . . apologies for late reply
its okay . what happen to your other hand if you do not mind me asking .
nothing happened . . i was used to one handed typing
oh . you have kids ? i've a few and they're such jerks i cannot stand them .
i'm not married yet . .
well i'm and i feel my life is miserable , my money doesn't even seem to help .
persona
i like to dance.
i like pizza.
i love shoes.
i like burritos.
i like to shop.
persona II
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i love her though.
dialogue
hi , i am joe . how are you ?
great ! i am sarah . how are you ?
just getting ready to hit the clubs . the night is looking good
really ? i love to go dancing . it is what i do on my weekends .
it is my favorite thing . my girl never wants to come out though
that's too bad . my guy and i go out to pizza after dancing all night .
i love her anyway . i just hang with my friends
does she like to go shopping ? i love shoe shopping .
that sounds like her . you two would be friends
right . except she does not like going out to clubs .
ha ha . maybe square dancing ?
no . salsa or swing are my favorites .
you sound full of life
yes . what else do you like to do ?
i am working on my self . yoga and meditation
that is great ! i am more into cooking .
persona
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i watch south park at least once a day.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
persona II
i prefer summer over winter.
i have a big family.
i graduated college a few years ago.
i was born outside the us.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm great , just got engaged .
oh wow cool . i've a big family
how many of you are there
like too many to count feels like a million
ll what do you do for a living
i just graduated but nothing yet
oh ok , i'dn't mind being a sports announcer
what is your current job ?
i work in a corporate office
very cool . are you from the us ?
yes i'm from miami florida and you
i was born not in the us
my fiance is from russia
very cool . does she have a big family ?
yes very large family . people everywhere
persona
i have a cat named mater.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
i like lightning mcqueen.
i like to play basketball.
persona II
i drive only toyota.
i like pepsi.
i talk a lot in irc.
superfans my favorite super hero.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
dialogue
hello hows your day going ?
mater , thatsmy cats name , he is a cat !
i love cats ! i have a cat named superman , my alltime favorite superhero
my grandfather often takes me to buy icecream !
whats your favorite kind ? i love chocolate chip cookies best honestly
lightning mcqueen is the best driver , i really like him !
i only drive toyota , but yeah he is cool too
toyotas suck ! basketball is the game i like to play
ll oh no ! they don't suck ! do you chat in irc ever ?
my cats name is mater , he is a cat !
that means mother in latin i believe
my grandmother creates pizza with me !
that sounds fun . i like ordering pizza , you must be close with your grandparents
i go with my grandpa to get ice cream
sounds like you have very nice grandparents
lightning mcqueen is the best , he's awesome
persona
i now live in new mexico.
i grew up in nevada.
i'm an orphan.
i like dogs.
persona II
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i am a ballet dancer.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
dialogue
hello . i finally have a day off work , i am a ballet dancer .
awesome . i am a social worker . i love dogs .
i love dogs too ! especially in funny movies where they steal the show .
dog movies are the bes .
they sure are . they were a source of comfort when my parents passed in an accident .
i lost my parents as well .
i did turn to food immediately after , hamburgers mainly . then , i got a dog .
i have two dogs and they're my best friends .
what kind do you have ? mine is a lab . he is such a goof
a lab mix and an irish setter .
my dad had an irish setter he hunted with . he was a great dog .
mine is too . he is smart .
my lab has his moments . other times , i wonder how he manages to find his food .
that is funny . my lab is really goofy .
i've seen mine chase snakes like they were sticks .
does he catch them ever ?
persona
i'm single.
i drive a bmw.
i'm in debt.
i love to shop.
i have a lot of friends.
persona II
my car is black.
i'm a recruiter.
i don't own any pets.
my favorite meal is brunch.
dialogue
good morning off to basketball game
morning . i'm off shopping with friends after brunch .
eggs are the best for brunch
they truly are . one of these days , i'm going to have to learn how to cook .
yes what is your food would you like to cook
i do not cook at all , so i'll start with the basics .
maybe a simple meal like a small brunch .
oh , i don't know . i'm more interested in getting my bmw paid off right now .
yes i want to purchase a new car a different color than black
mine is purple . next time , i'm getting a pink maclaren .
that seem nice that car seem to be nice in black
i like mine to have original colors .
persona
i like to watch tv.
i'm 10 years old.
my name is arnold.
i also love orange juice.
persona II
i have two nephews.
i grew up on a farm.
i am a veterinarian.
running is my way to relax.
dialogue
hey there ! where are you from ?
i am from the volunteer state tennessee
that's cool . i was raised on a farm in kansas .
cool my favorite foods are orange juice and corn .
i have a couple nephews and one of them grows corn .
thing sounds interesting i only have seen farms on tv
what do you do for a living ? i am a vet
i am in the 4th grade i turn 10 on dec . 20th .
oh that's great ! what do you do for fun ? i like to run .
i like to build model cars
that sounds like fun . do you have a favorite kind of car ?
i love ford mustangs old and new
great ! i do not know much about cars myself .
i just like cars that are fast
do you like racing ? like nascar ?
yes i like nascar especially busch
persona
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
i like to fly kites.
my car broke down last week.
persona II
i like to read.
my favorite book is enders game.
i grew up in kentucky.
i've a garden.
dialogue
hello ! how are you this morning ?
good morning , i am okay . waiting on my neighbor to give me a ride to work .
that's nice . must have good neighbors like i did in kentucky .
my car is in the shop , she comes over a lot to watch rugby .
nice ! so she's a good friend ? i need to find a good friend .
she's . neither of our husbands like rugby , lol . what are your hobbies ?
my garden . i take so much pride in my gardening . you got more than rugby ?
gardening is nice , i do not have room for one . i fly kites at the park .
that must be nice . i only go to the park to read .
i cannot do that at mine . some weird person will insist on talking to me , lol
oh no ! maybe you should read my favorite book enders game . might be helpful .
actually , i have . my son finished it and suggested i read it .
nice ! maybe he is hip to dealing with dealing with aliens or creeps .
he wants to be a seal . also , he reads anything he can get his hands on .
oh goodness ! brave young man . also seems very intelligent .
too intelligent for his own good
persona
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
i like running in marathons.
my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
persona II
i smell like french fries.
i also eat too much french fries.
it was too small.
i just got a new sweater.
dialogue
hello , would you like a french fry ? i have plenty .
oh i love french fries ! i eat at home a lot .
i eat them so much i smell like them now .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to shop . i just bought a new sweater .
oh . i enjoy running marathons and watching netflix .
i only watch marathons , i don't run . i'd drop my fries .
oh . it helps me take my mind off things .
i should have tried on the sweater . it was much too small .
what do you do for a living ?
nothing . i guess i am a couch potato .
oh , i work for the appliance store my dad owns .
that's good . then you earn money for french fries .
are you in a relationship ?
no . they all say i smell too much of french fries .
oh , well that would be a turn off .
persona
i'm a family man.
i'm married with 2 children.
i'm a pediatrician.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i like to bowl.
persona II
i'm interested in producing music.
i've been in band all four years of high school.
i've 2 brothers.
i am a senior in high school.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
i am doing very well , how are you ? do you have any kids ?
no i am a high school senior with 2 brothers
oh , okay . i am a dr . what are you going to go to college for ?
i think something to do with music i would love to produce it
that is a good career . you should do just fine .
all four years of high school i was in the band
so is my youngest , she plays sax .
awesome , how many children do you have ?
i only have two , i'd love at least four more .
i love kids i have several nieces and nephews
i love spending time with my family .
my parents like for us all to eat dinner together every night
that is an important thing to do , i do not get that chance a lot .
i know my parents say it is really important
it is . you will be thankful for it one day .
persona
i love to cook.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
i'm going on a cruise next month.
persona II
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
i have one older sister named mary.
i was born premature.
i recently broke my leg.
i live in texas.
dialogue
hi i'm from texas where are you from ?
i'm from the mountains !
that is great . funny story i was a premature baby
i was too ! my brother is couch surfing here !
we have so much in common ! mary is my older sister . do you have siblings ?
yes i do ! i have 2 !
i broke my leg recently !
did you ? that's no fun ! i'm cooking !
my dad works for the ny times as a journalist
fun ! i am going on a cruise !
it was great meeting you ! thanks so much for this conversation
you are very very very welcome !
what do you like to do for fun
i like to go to movies , listen to music , take vacations !
persona
my favorite author is jane austen.
i own a boat.
i eat a lot of fish.
i only wear tennis shoes.
persona II
i am a fisherman.
my father was a cook.
he taught me right from wrong.
he later became a bartender.
he worked hard.
dialogue
good evening mate . i am barney .
i just took my tennis shoes off . they're the only shoes i wear .
wow . i fish so i wear waders .
i love to fish too . do you have a boat ?
i did . but my neighbor needed it more than i did . my dad taught me to share .
i have a 17 foot key west .
wow that is grand ! mine was small .
do you eat what you catch ? i do .
some yea . my dad fries awesome fish .
the best way to cook fish !
what does you parents do ? my dad makes awesome mixed beverages also .
both of my parents are retired . do you like to read ?
i enjoy reading a good book . yes .
i love anything by jane austen .
i'm not familiar . i read james cameron .
i like him okay too .
persona
i am currently listening to bach.
i travel at least once a year.
i love to watch the voice.
i graduated from princeton.
persona II
i use a cane to help me get around.
i have a job as a dj at a radio station.
i'm blind.
i have many friends.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm good how are you
i am doing pretty good too
glad to hear that do you like listening to music
i love music ! what kind of music do you like ?
i love listening to bach i especially love listening to it when i'm studying for an exam
bach helps me focus too ! i am a radio dj but my station plays pop .
i see nice ! do you travel around a lot for a dj ?
not really , it is just a small local radio station . what about you , what do you do ?
i just finished school at princeton and traveling before i start working
where are you traveling to ?
i'm traveling to india in the upcoming month . i travel a lot
that sounds exciting ! i hope you have an amazing time there !
thank you so much i really will . what are your plans for the winter
i have been looking for someplace warm to get away to . mexico has some great resorts .
wow you should try mexico . it is very beautiful .
persona
i am single.
i am in debt.
i drive a bmw.
i love to shop.
persona II
my only friend is a dog.
i'm highly educated.
my father used to be a butcher.
i work at a newspaper.
dialogue
nice to have someone to talk to my only friend is my dog !
being a single guy , i can afford to own a bmw
that is a nice car . i can not afford one even when being highly educated
friends are important , they make it fun to go shopping with
yes they do . what does your father do ? mine use to be a butcher .
well i shop so much that now i am in alot of debt
how much debt ? what do you do for work
my dad is a lawyer , but he drives a ford
i hate ford . i wish i could be a lawyer instead i work on newspapers
i owe 200 , 000 so i'm about to lose my car
that is a lot i wish i could help
i am a poker player , but not a very good one
i also play poker maybe that's why my only friend is my dog .
its ok , i've been down before
being highly educated is overrated .
that's funny , what is the name of your dog ?
persona
i want to visit rome , but i can t make myself go alone.
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
persona II
my favorite author is stephen king.
i'm a digital artist.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
my favorite hobby is reading.
dialogue
stephen king , artist , married , twins and love reading . you ?
hi name is kelly , and i hope to visit rome but cannot go alone .
i'm available for the rome thing . you married ? i'm .
the death of kurt cobain impacted my middle school years .
chicken wings are our friends . i read alot . you ?
i love combat boots and baby doll dresses
get out ! me too ! stephen king is hot ! you sing or draw ? i do .
i had flirted with dmv instructor to pass my driving test .
oh okay . i wrote a book . one time i made a unicorn cry . you write ?
my dad wants a connection with me but he is a deadbeat
hmmm i see . my husband writes too . you married ?
nope i'm in high school .
i love trumps hair . any hobbies ?
haha my hobbies are collecting old records .
persona
i can t do math.
i also eat too much french fries.
i just got a new sweater.
i smell like french fries.
it was too small.
persona II
my name is dave.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i love hiking and staying fit.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
dialogue
alright welcome to the fitness chat . any suggestions for our next outing ?
anywhere that doesn't have french fries .
that's good planning . no fries on the hike . want healthier snacks ?
yea , i just love fries too much and eat them too often .
i guess that's why you signed up for my class . are you new to vegas ?
yea , wanted to experience the lights and all the excitement .
no better place . are you going to be around long ? so many only vacation here .
i might , but my bad math skills won't help me in this city .
haha i know how that goes . i am more of a fishing than gambling type . any hobbies ?
shopping ? i just got a sweater that is too small though .
i understand . is it a goal ? getting in shape to fit ?
yes , what about your goals ?
hike the entire appalachian trail . any family ?
siblings and such but i am unmarried .
persona
i love to watch ted talks.
i like to stay fit.
i love animals.
i don t much like tv.
persona II
i m single.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
dialogue
hi there ! how is your day going so far ?
hello ! it is going well ! just finished a good workout .
nice . i also like to work out as i am currently not in a relationship .
it does help relieve stress and stay in shape .
absolutely does ! what kind of phone do you have ?
i've an iphone . ted talks is a show i watch on it sometimes .
that is very interesting ! i also own an iphone , i used to use android phones .
me too . i didn't like all the glitches they had .
right ? ! ? i like to watch superhero themed movies and television shows on my iphone though .
i do not really watch television . i do like animals . do you have pets ?
i have a cock a poo he is my world . any pets ? i like books as well , especially ebooks !
i have a dog . i really like all animals . what is your birds name ?
cock a poo is actually a dog . cocker spaniel and poodle mix . what breed do you have ?
oh how neat . i didn't know that . i've a german shepherd , baxter .
persona
i like to dance.
i love shoes.
i like pizza.
i like to shop.
i like burritos.
persona II
i live near a park.
i do not have a car.
i do not have any children.
my favorite color is purple.
dialogue
hello , how are you this morning ? are you wearing purple ?
oh , my ! not yet ! i must have purple somewhere among my thousand shoes !
awesome ! i am saving up for a purple charger !
i am so broke from all my shopping . whatchy eating ?
i had a bacon , egg and fontina cheese frittata . it was very delish .
today taco bell for loaded burritos , then papa johns for a pizza .
you sound like you do not have any kids , neither do i .
nope , too busy . always dancing ! i'd be fat as a hog if i didn't .
the park is next door , i can lace up my purple nikes and go for a run
were you sad when prince died ?
absolutely , i have loved him since i was a child .
just wondered , ya know , purple rain and all . . .
actually , my favorite of his is little red corvette .
fast cars , yeah ! i always loved his costumes . and what a dancer !
his voice was pleasing too . take away all the editing and many cannot sing
yup . there is a museum now at paisley park , i hear .
persona
i love to read.
i'm married.
my favorite place is the beach.
my husband is a cop.
teaching is my passion.
persona II
people say i have a cute laugh.
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i working in a publishing building.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
dialogue
hi ! i am just a girl in love with life and my family and friends .
or so optimistic just like me staying
are you a guy ? my friends tell me when i laugh , i am cute
no i am a female my husband is a police
i see . do you work at all though ? i work in a building downtown .
oh i always teach i m a teacher
i see . i'm married too and i work in a publishing firm .
wow you must be a hard working person
do you have anything you cal lead to
and nothing more and jay s
i do work hard , but i also play
how do you siri work and play
i'm not into siri . it is not my choice .
how are you that s really awesome and it s all right
i like cooking as i said . and i truly miss my boyfriend ex boyfriend
what do usually do for fun
persona
i don't have children.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i work five days a week.
i enjoy shopping.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
persona II
i love my girlfriend.
i'm a veteran.
i eat a lot of meat.
my father was also in the military.
dialogue
i'm so in love with my girl
wow that's great , do you have children or plan on having some ?
yes i want some but too old , i'm a vet
ah , i see . i don't have any but i would like some as well ! which war ?
my pops was in the military also
thank you for your service . thanks to you i can enjoy freedoms such as shopping .
world world i can scarf down alot of meat too
oh that is interesting . do you work ?
i know me also i thank you also . nope
i've to work five days of the week in order to support my i will mother .
i enjoyed chatting with you today
me as well , take care .
awe i am sorry whats wrong with your mom ?
oh , she has cancer , but she's getting better !
persona
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my favorite hero is superman.
i am 8 years old.
i love comic books.
my name is todd.
persona II
currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
dialogue
hi there ! you want to go clubbing with me ?
what is clubbing ? like having a secret handshake kind of club ?
no , dressing up and going out to dance places lol
we learned square dancing in school last year . . . i had to dance with a girl !
that sounds like fun . did you know every country has a similar kind of dance ?
do they have to dance with girls too ? i would rather read comic books
you are right , it is better to enjoy the innocence of youth .
do you like comic books , too ? which is your favorite ?
tank girl rocks ! i have a bad relationship with my girl friend .
that's sad . i had a girlfriend . she tore my supermen comic so we stopped
if only i had enough money to pay for my procedures lol
comic books can be worth a lot of money . maybe you could sell some ?
good plan . i am just interested in dressing up and how i look though .
i dressed up like spider man for trick or treating last year !
persona
i enjoy broadway shows.
my favorite band is the avert brother.
i am a psychology major.
i love to travel.
i'm a steelers fan.
persona II
i listen to podcasts.
i do not have any children.
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have a car.
i live near a park.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
i am fine and you , so do you like football ?
i do like footbal , and i also love listening to podcasts .
yeah same here , podcast , broadway shows and traveling are three of my favorite hobbies .
my team is huskies because my fav color is purple .
mine is steelers . . . so did you ever go to college ?
i do not have kids , or a car , so i go to park nearby to watch football .
do you listen to the avert brother , they're my favorite band .
no i decided not to go to college because i want to become a singer .
wee i majored in psychology and it is a waste of time .
i love all types of music .
same here , what else do you love ?
persona
i'm a violinist.
i have played since i was 4 years old.
my mother was a nurse.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
persona II
i'm a big sports fan.
i like to get involved in politics.
i have a brand new chevrolet.
i'm looking to start a business.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
dialogue
hey ! what kind of cars do you like ?
i kind of like the new eclipse .
eclipses are pretty cool , i'm excited cause i just got a new chevrolet .
that is awesome what model ?
the crude .
do you play any music ?
i don't play music , do you ?
i've played violin almost my entire life . i love it
do you play for friends family only or concerts as well ?
mostly friends and family . its not really a career option in my area .
we could start a business where you play for weddings . d
my , that is a good idea !
persona
my life s goal is to be the world s foremost encyclopedia salesman.
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
persona II
my birthplace is spain.
my favorite music is hip hop.
i'm a vegetarian.
i work as a veterinarian.
i'm married and have five children.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
great . i am a traveling salesman encyclopedias to be exact .
i just got off work , i'm having some wine and listening to hip hop
my part time job is at a gas station , but my goal in life is different .
i need some encyclopedias for my kids , i've five they all fight .
i'm going to be the best encyclopedia salesman in the world .
i work at a animal hospital as a veterinarian , gas station sounds fun .
hobbies ? mine are rock collecting and art with macaroni .
nice , those are good goals to have in life .
i say peyton manning at the grocery store once .
i want to retire and move back to spain where i am from .
oh that's nice . where are you living now ?
wow that's pretty awesome , i've seen miley cyrus at the hospital
that was going to be my next question if you had seen anyone famous .
persona
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i enjoy jazz music.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i work at a factory.
persona II
i am a cat owner.
my mom is an osteopath.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
i speak fluent italian.
my brother is an archaeologist.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello . i'm well . just came back from working at the factory .
that sounds like a hard job ! my cat had me up all night .
that sounds pleasant . speaking of which , you like jazz ?
i do like jazz ! what languages do you speak ? i know italian and english .
me too ! especially on bike rides . oh , i only english .
i am interested in history . having an archaeologist in the family , my brother , makes it fun .
here is my history i broke my nose at the age of 10
oh no ! my eyes are different colors , one blue and one hazel !
what ? no way ! that is wild , yet awesome !
i know ! i'm going to be a doctor like my mother , she is an osteopath .
do any of your parents have different colored eyes ?
no , just me ! do you have pets ?
i do . one cat . she's siamese and burmese .
i love my cat , i like dogs too !
i like big dogs , especially . fluffy cats get me too . haha
persona
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i get distracted easily.
persona II
my mother was a teacher.
i own a cleaning company.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i am married.
dialogue
hello how are you this morning ?
i'm doing well . trying to study for school but i'm not good at it .
keep trying . what did you mom do for a living ? mine was a teacher . education is important .
my mom worked at a cabinet shop . i can not focus on the school work well
what do you do for work ? i am the owner of a cleaning company .
i am a full time student and i hang out with lots of friends all the time
sounds like fun . i'm married . do you have a favorite writer ?
i love to read . reading is one of my favorite
do you have a favorite writer ?
i like walt whitman . and i like the house of night novels
my favorite is nicholas sparks . i like your too .
i like that author as well
persona
i am a carnivore.
i work at a newspaper.
i'm highly educated.
my father used to be a butcher.
persona II
i play the guitar.
i like to go for runs.
i've a dog and two cats.
i live by myself.
i like country music.
dialogue
hi . i'm sarah . how is your day going ?
hi , i'm mary . i'm good . thank you .
i'm getting ready to go for a run with my dog .
sounds like fun . what do you do for a living ?
i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?
i work at the local newspaper .
interesting . i like to play the piano and guitar . hobbies ?
i enjoy learning . i also like to read .
me too ! anything good lately ?
the hate you give . highly recommend it .
great ! thanks ! do you like music ?
i do . country is my favorite .
hey ! me too ! my cats are driving me crazy .
what do your parents do ?
they own retail stores . what about yours ?
my dad is a retired butcher .
persona
i live in cape hatteras.
i am a fisherman.
i m going riding on my boat today.
i love tuna.
persona II
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
i ve never been a fan of sports.
dialogue
hi ! i have never been big on sports , but i found one i like !
that is great what is the sport ?
i just started archery classes and i think i've a talent for it .
that sounds like fun . . . my life revolves around fishing !
i never liked fishing , but glad you do . are you good at it ?
yes i actually go out on a boat to fish for a living
wow ! exciting ! i keep working on my archery and hope to make it big !
that would be awesome where are you from ?
from the midwest , what about you ?
i live on the east coast cape hatteras , you ever hear of it ?
never heard of it , do you like it ?
yes i love it , its right on the coast so i can ride my boat everyday !
sounds relaxing . do you like your work on the boat ?
yes it is my favorite thing to do ! what other hobbies do you have ?
just my archery , i just recently started but i'm putting my all into it .
that is how you get good fast . . .
persona
i recently broke my leg.
i was born premature.
i have one older sister named mary.
i live in texas.
persona II
i am gluten free.
i like rock climbing.
my hair is black.
i have a dog.
dialogue
i am so hungry for a donut but no gluten for me .
howdy person i am from texas !
sometimes i rock climb to take my mind off of donuts . i love texas .
well you know its important that we texans remind yall how big we are
yep . my dog came from a shelter in texas .
aw man that's cute really
he has black hair just like me .
i look like my dog as well
ha ! dogs are awesome .
he's a bitch . a bichon frise
i've a mini sheltie . do you cook ?
i just made some ramen . threw a couple of pieces of beef jerky
i love beef jerky , especially when it is spicy .
yeah this is some spicy spicy stuff . burnt my ass
ouch . i am still hungry for a donut .
i live right around the corner from a krispy kreme . probably closed now
persona
i m picky when it comes to food.
my temper is pretty short.
i like early 2000s indie music.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
persona II
i'm a librarian.
i live in pittsburgh.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
dialogue
hi . i am from pittsburgh . how about you ?
i am from georgia , and i would like to become a teacher .
that's a great aspiration . right now i work at a school as librarian .
that's cool , i do not think i could do that i've a short temper .
well , i like it really quiet at work .
i am picky when it comes to a lot of things especially food .
italian food is my favorite . what kind of food do you like ?
i do not really have a favorite for food but i do love 2000s indie music
concerts are a lot of fun . i try to go to one on saturdays .
i love taking y dog to concerts , he is my favorite thing in the world .
i love dogs . the animal shelter i volunteer at has lots of cute puppies .
that is cool . do you have any other cool facts about you ?
i lead a pretty quiet life . how about you ?
nope that is pretty much everything i got ! lol
persona
i love dragons.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i am a grandparent at 44.
persona II
i am an artist.
i love nighttime.
my favorite food is pizza.
i have a cat named charlie.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
dialogue
pizza !
slow down , my boy . you wanna talk food ? lets talk food . i need your help .
pizza solves everything haha . whats up though ?
i love chili corn dogs and cheesy hot dogs , but ink which i love more !
those sound like some great nighttime food
funny you say that . i love the nigh time . maybe that is why i love that food !
haha the art scene is so great during the night
i do love the sunshine , though . and dragons . something about dragons i cannot get enough of .
man i wanted to name my cat dragon but no , my sister decided charlie
ah , that reminds me of my daughter . she just had her own , actually . i'm a grandpa now !
wow ! that is pretty cool , you enjoying life ?
ca not complain . grandpa at 44 . i will get a lot of time with my granddaughter . how about you ?
haha i am enjoying life , i paint a lot which is nice
will you paint me a dragon clutching a corn dog , eclipsing the moon on a clear night ?
persona
i read a lot.
i like to go to the park.
i work at a museum.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
persona II
i tutor kids in my spare time.
i have 3 small dogs.
i used to be very religious.
i've a personal trainer.
i love to ride bikes.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i am bored . my job at the museum sucks
what kind of museum do you work at ? i find art is sometimes boring
it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading
oh that does sound boring . what do you do when you are off
it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading
i like to go for bike rides it is one of my favorite things to do
seeing as i am in a wheelchair my options are limited but i love the park
i am sorry you are in a wheel chair .
sweet . . . i may see you ride by lol
you might one day i do take my bike to a lot of cool places
it is cool . i've no issues with walking people lol
i work out to much to handle being in a wheel chair
so where are you from
i live in kentucky where are you form
i am from dallas texas
persona
i'm the oldest of 5 children.
i love to climb.
i ve never been to the beach.
i love my parrot , todd.
i m a disappointment to my family.
persona II
i love to clean.
i am a stay at home mom.
i love fast food.
i watch a lot of movies.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
good ! how are you ?
good , you seem pretty happy . what do you do ?
well , i hang out with my parot , todd
todd , what a great name !
sorry for the misspelling , i type fast . my family says i need a job , though
well families are hard to please , mine want me go back to school
do they want anything that is specific ?
they want me to get a degree and a career .
what kind of stuff do you like ?
i like outdoor activities like hiking and climbing and running . you ?
i like the same thing
that is cool . i also like to travel , do you ?
i do , sometimes , if it isn't to cold
oh you only like travelling to where it is warm ?
that's correct , but sometimes i like cold
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i love the rain.
i sleep on a single bed.
i prefer winter.
i drive a van.
persona II
i'm not very tall.
i am looking for a job.
i've a dog.
my favorite color is red.
i've two siblings.
dialogue
hello i'm not very tall
neither am i . but it makes for better puddle splashing . i love when it rains !
sounds great i am looking for a job
i hope you find one . i work at a pizza place . do what you love
thank you i've a dog i love him
awe ! i love dogs ! one day i hope to adopt one
that is a great idea there are so many that need homes
yes there are . i need a bigger bed first . so there's room to snuggle lol
i've 2 sisters what about you ?
single child . whats your favorite season ?
winter what is your favorite color min is red
i love winter too ! my van needs new tires before the next one . orange !
persona
i have never had candy in my life.
my favorite mob player is barolo colon.
i'm a professional skittles player.
i'm known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
persona II
my husband just decided to leave me.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn't want them.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i enjoy ice cream.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
good just watching an old mob game watching my fave barolo colon
the big ol colon boi
do you know any skittles players ? i am in the professionals
like the candy ? you mean ?
yeah . they know me as the iron skittler even though i haven't eaten candy ever
quite impressive . are you married ?
no , i am too busy with my skittles games lol
mine left me . but i unloaded the kids on him . ha !
oh no . how many kids do you have ?
i have none . he has 4 .
i would like to have kids some day
you can have some of mine if you decide fast
ll how old are they ? i like babies
persona
i wait tables at a cafe.
i like to be alone.
my mother was a nurse.
i have a cat.
i love to sew.
persona II
i live in canada , near ontario.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i am an avid runner.
dialogue
hello ! where are you from ? i'm from canada .
hi ! i'm from california and i work as a waiter
i am going to california soon to run a marathon .
nice ! i do not like to be with with people so i got myself a cat
i live near ontario and cats are everywhere here .
so nice , do you have any pets ?
i compete in marathons a lot so no time for pets .
ahh i see , i am sewing my cat a sweater its one of my hobbies
my favorite hobbies are running and basketball .
fun ! i'm not a very social person
me either . i watch the best team , vancouver grizzlies , alone .
never heard of them . are they good ?
persona
i live on an island.
i have a dog named bob.
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i'm a closet cannibal.
i enjoy fishing.
persona II
my dad died when i was in high school.
i like watching tv and movies.
i have a lot of allergies.
my favorite type of music is metal.
dialogue
good morning ! i am just listening to some metal . it is my favorite music . you ?
i listen to about anything . how has your day been ?
good , despite my issues with my allergies . i have a lot of them . you ?
good , just walking bob my dog , probably go fishing later .
cool . i'll be watching movies and tv . it is what i like to do .
i do not have a tv . in my free time i make boats .
neat ! are your parents alive . when i was in high school i lost my dad .
i'm sorry to hear that . no my parents are not with me .
what breed is your dog ?
he's a mutt . do you have any pets ?
i do not . i want one . what kind of boats do you make ?
just canoes and small sail boats . i'm on a small island
is there anything interesting you want to tell me about yourself ?
nah , come over for dinner sometime . i would love to have . . . i mean meet you !
persona
i live in a big city.
i enjoy singing.
i enjoy video games.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
persona II
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i like going to the moives.
i am on a keto diet.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i've 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
dialogue
hello ! i'm nick and i'm getting ready for work !
i'm alison i'm watching magic mike
hey allison ! i also like going to the movies .
me to i also play video games and sing although i'm not good
i'm getting ready for work right now and walking my dogs
i have a dog kind of hard having one in the city tho
i understand , we are always traveling since we work in the circus
interesting . i am a teacher at a university
what do you teach ?
poetry i'm a bit of a sap
i'm a sap too , in my spare time . i work a lot
are you watching any football tomorrow ?
nope , i am too busy juggling for my act with my father and grandfather
sounds like a busy life
it is , but i am sure your lie is busy too
yea but my weekends are pretty boring i am usually free
persona
i miss my dad.
i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.
in reality i m 32 and live at home with my mother.
there i m a general of an orcish army.
persona II
i type one handed.
my favorite hero is flash.
i don t like dresses.
i prefer summer.
i love butterflies.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hi , i'm doing fine , how are you doing ?
i'm great . i wish it were summer .
me too , what do you do for living ?
i catch butterflies and animals
that is kind of weird , like me , i'm 32 and still live with my mother
i think that that's cool
i'd move out , but she don't want me to
why would she not want you to
because she thinks i am going to move with my dad , i miss him
what happened to your dad
he went to buy milk , and didn't came back
maybe there was not any milk
i chose to believe that . now i'm a general of an army , an orcish army
that's a different way to think
i know . tell me something about you
persona
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
persona II
i enjoy reading.
i love country.
i m going back to school.
i m a vegan.
dialogue
hello . i am in the process of going back to college and i love reading . and you ?
hi , my brother is touring in a metal band around the world .
that is awesome ! however , my favorite is country music .
yeah , i mean he loves it , i am in college , studying to be a teacher
nice , i am studying to be an accountant . i do not eat meat and am vegan .
i'll graduate in september and get a teaching job by august of next year .
lovely ! that will be a wonderful job .
maybe i can get a teaching job sooner but school is started so . . i don't know
yes , i am sure it will be easier at the beginning of a new year .
yeah i think so . my family migrated to the us when i was 5 years old
where did you migrate from ?
we migrated from algeria
that's so neat ! do you miss it ?
well it was a tough transition now it is getting better
yes , this is a wonderful country .
what about you ? tell me more of you
persona
i have been in 2 car crashes in my life.
food and water are essential to me in life.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
persona II
my favorite band is creed.
i'm a carnivore.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
my father is in prison.
dialogue
hi what band do u like i like creed
heyyou ! ! i've had two car crashes , none fatal !
that's crazy my dad is in prison
prison ? like without food and water , i would die , they're essential to me !
speaking of food me a carnivore grrr
no vegan ? breath of fresh air while playing sports , that's what i like
cool i'm on welfare
welfare ! , i will be paying for you . getting my degree , that's whats schools for !
college sucks glad i am done with it
yep suck it does , i watch television when i am not doing anything
me also i watch mostly sports
i play sports , i really like to get fresh air , you ?
persona
i like to perform stand up comedy.
my father was a member of the communist party.
my sister belongs to a cult and hasn't spoken to the family in years.
i have a career in party planning.
persona II
i like to cook stews.
i'm a older lady.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
dialogue
hi hiw are you today ?
i'm great . i just finished a comedy set at local club . how are you ?
tell mea joke funny person
i'm lucky to be alive , my father is a communist and sister belongs to cult .
whats so bad about communism though ?
well the communist party is not well liked even in russia .
are you in russia then ?
folks want to be free .
just like my boy frank sinatra
i was when i was little before my mom fled with my sister and i to america .
i'm an older lady . you know ?
party planning is my paying gig . i can plan you a party for your birthday .
i'd like that . do an old lady theme
got it , cat glasses , frumpy dresses , and whatever is your drink of choice .
persona
i work as an accountant.
i like to go to the lake.
i've 3 dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to read horror novels.
persona II
i live in california.
my newest car is a chevy.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
dialogue
how do you feel when you go to a new place ?
hello . nervous , i try to stay near lakes where i enjoy going .
for me i feel good and love to watch new things i have never seen .
u are taking too long . i am an accountant , what do you do ?
i'm a physiotherapist who likes adventures a lot .
awesome ! i don't like much adventure . lake with 3 dogs is about it .
i've phobia for water and only watch it for a distance .
the most adventure i've is reading horror novels . do you read ?
yes , some times i do especially when i've limited free time .
what type of adventure do you enjoy ?
discovering new places and hidden treasures as well as new people .
do you like to travel abroad ?
persona
i work for a large law firm.
i hate tofu.
i drive a prius.
my wife stays home with our kids.
we own our home.
persona II
i love to skate and ski.
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i love the smell of leather.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
dialogue
hi , i am jennifer , i love to ski . who are you ?
hi jennifer , i am tony . how long have you skied for ?
since i was about 5 . my father taught me . what are your hobbies ?
i do not have hobbies , my law firm is too demanding . what do you do ?
i am a student , studying literature .
oh , that is great ! hows the campus food ?
its okay . . . tolerable . so what would you do if you had free time ?
anything but tofu , right ? i would drive more . i like driving my prius .
i like driving fast ! and to ride my motorcycle .
that's exciting ! my wife wouldn't like me driving a motorcycle , it would scare the kids .
so you are married . i'm still looking for mr . right .
i'm sure he will turn up ! any important people in your life right now ?
4 cats and 2 dogs , ll . well , and a boyfriend .
well , he could be mr . right . . . right there haha . what are your goals ?
well , i'm trying to decide whether i should teach literature or write novels .
i can see how that might be a hard choice .
persona
i'm an ovo vegetarian.
i cannot stand beets.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
i cannot cook.
persona II
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
i drive a ford truck.
i'm nearly of tall.
my least favorite music is country.
dialogue
hello how are you doing tonight ?
great ! its my day off and will enjoy the sleep !
nice ! i need a day off . so you have any interest in music ?
i like all genres . its fun to listen to music when i cook .
nice , mines country . i should totally be a country singer one day .
that would be awesome ! i wish they would make ovo vegetarian based country songs
i will keep that in mine . i just think i am too tall being six foot scares people .
tall people are awesome ! can you cook ? i sure as heck cannot
not really . awful in the kitchen but look good in my boots when i try .
i thought you said beets . i hate beets with a passion . cowboy boots ?
i agree . they are horrible . no my thigh high leather boots . matching great with a skirt .
that sounds remarkable . definitely would make for a great concert attire when you perform .
persona
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i like jogging in my spare time.
persona II
i have trouble getting motivated.
i've bad luck with relationships.
i daydream during work.
i m a hopeless romantic.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight
i'm good , and you ?
i'm doing very well , thank you . are you married ?
no . i have a boyfriend who wants to marry me in australia
that is awesome . i am single , but am such a romantic .
what do you do in your spare time ? i jog .
i hike and surf . do you like to surf ?
i've always wanted to try surfing .
it is so peaceful and relaxing .
it seems like it would be . what do you do for a living ?
i am a museum curator , what do you do ?
i wait tables . it is a popular club though in houston .
houston is a very nice city , i enjoyed my last trip .
yes i enjoy it very much here .
do you like to travel ?
i do , in fact i'd love to visit italy .
persona
i love my dog.
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i like baking.
i enjoy walking around the park.
persona II
i've three children.
i drive a honda civic.
i'm named after my grandmother.
i enjoy taking walks.
my best friend lives down the street.
dialogue
hey how are you ?
i'm doing well how are you ?
doing good just getting my three kids to sleep . bu ?
i'm about to take my dog frisket out for a walk .
that sounds fun i enjoy walks !
me too my favorite walks are in the park enjoying nature .
oh cool ! mine are walking down the street to my bestfriends house .
i just opened my own custom cake shop .
that sounds so awesome ! i just bought a honda civic .
i love the honda civic but i like the cr v more . that trunk space .
ll . i like those old dependable cars !
i specialize in original wedding cakes . do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i was born 20 years ago.
i live in the usa.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i ride horses.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i have many homes.
i like to ride motorcycles.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good , how are you ?
good thanks . tell me about yourself
well , i'm painting my room blue
that s great . i have a few homes that need painting
and , i just told my parents i want to transition to female
i see . i'm just trying to become a vegetarian . are you ?
no , i like meat the best . i where mu heart in the open
i'm sensitive to . i love horses and other animals .
i used to ride horses , but i have not in a while !
i also like riding motor bikes
i thought those were dangerous ?
life is dangerous isn t it
this is very true , just gotta try to stay safe !
persona
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
but i m a frustrated driver.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
my husband works at a telecom.
i m a people person.
persona II
i love to paint pictures.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love meat.
my wife use to be a teacher.
dialogue
i like to eat meat do you ?
hello , i'm going mountain climbing with my 2 daughters
my wife is cool use to teach
yes i like meat , i like to meet new people as well
i like food pizza is my favorite
my husband is a hard working guy for a telecom company
cool like painted pictures ? i love pizza
i do not like to drive , i get really frustrated when i drive
really why ? i drive my family
so what do you do for fun
smoke eat an repeat an drink tequila
that must be great to drive your family around
yes i have to i love them
wow , i like your hobbies we should hang out sometime
yes we could where you located ?
i love my 2 daughters , but i aint driving them around
persona
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
my inspiration is classical music.
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
i'm a graphic designer.
i've recently started working as a freelance designer.
persona II
i'm 53 years old.
i'm obese.
i've blonde hair.
i have twelve kids.
i live in alabama.
dialogue
how are u doing tonight
i'm good thanks for as king
i am good and not a problem
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a baker that bakes out of my home and what about you
what city are you from ?
i'm from baltimore md
do you have any hobbies ?
yes i like to play sports
what kind of music do you like
i love me some country music
i like mostly classical music
persona
i m always hungry.
i work too many hours in a week.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i've a wife and children.
i m insecure.
persona II
i have tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
i'm a financial analyst for a brewery.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i've been married for 6 years.
dialogue
hello . how is your night going ?
i am well thank you and how are you doing ?
no complaints . recently celebrated my sixth anniversary with my wife .
that's awesome congrats . my wife and i are coming up on 10 years .
then same to you . have any interesting hobbies ?
not really i just work mostly . and stay in my house . not to many buddies
fair enough . i spend my weekends at the casino , for the most part .
maybe that's what i need to do so i can buy my corvette .
at least you'd have a goal ! i go just for fun .
does that wife get mad ?
no , because i play off a small amount each weekend .
well that is good that you have a budget . what food do you like .
bbq . being a beer drinker , it is very complimentary . you ?
just about anything i can find i'm always eating
i do the same , only with beer . i've had over 35 different kinds .
oh wow which one is your favorite ?
persona
my mother is a ballerina.
i've the support of my whole family.
i'm a white dancer.
i plan to retire in 6 months.
i ve studied ballet all my life.
persona II
i love dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i am a girl.
i love sushi.
i own a car.
dialogue
hello stranger , i'm looking forward to getting to know you !
bonjour ! i'm russian ballerina for long time . study now to do tattoo art !
nice , i have a tramp stamp of my dogs , but i'll not say where . ;
all russian ballet have tattoo also not tell you where ! you be surprised
i am not easily surprised , but i might be jealous !
jealous of putin face ? ha ha ha no my family buy tights in bulk . . all ballet
i get to dizzy to do ballet , so i just drive my car .
my father ballet , my mother ballet , if you not ballet you go to bad place
lol . . . i am not going anywhere nere the good place !
not you . you can drive car . but not to bad place . maybe to pizza
i'll drive , but can we get sushi instead of pizza ?
what sushi sound like windy
i do not really care what we eat as long as the restaurant is blue !
blue you crazy russian hacker ! i am ready . i hope for long time for blue food
i'll be right over to get you for sushi pizza faster then you pirouette !
do not fall in love ! i only live for six months . then gone . dead like swan
persona
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
i sleep in a princess bed.
i am a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
persona II
i'm the youngest of 3.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i went to college in chicago.
i love playing tennis.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
i want my daddy . he brings flowers for me all the time .
my dad passed away , leaving me and my 2 siblings . i am the youngest .
i can count my age on one hand . i am four !
do you have any siblings ?
no , but i play with my dolls outside .
is that what you do in your free time ? in mine , i like to read mysteries .
yes and then i take naps in my princess bed .
a princess bed ? cool . are you into amy sports ?
i am going to start dance when i start kindergarten .
cool . i like to play tennis .
that sounds like a big kids sport .
it is . i started when i was in college in chicago .
wow you are old ! do you have brown hair like me ?
yes ! my hair is brown .
that's so cool , my eyes are brown too .
persona
i am a vegan.
i'm from france.
i am studying literature.
my favorite food is tacos.
i like to draw.
persona II
i have a parrot named parrot.
i've male pattern baldness.
i was born in baton rouge.
i'm a classily trained chef.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
i'm doing fine . just studying for a college paper . how are you doing ?
i'm well . i just finished preparing a delicious shrimp alfredo !
yum . that sounds really good . i love shrimp tacos with sour cream and avocado .
thanks ! shrimp is a favorite staple of mine . so , whats your paper on ?
american literature , the beginning of the civil rights movement . its a broad topic .
indeed , that topic will keep you busy . you'll be at it all weekend ?
yes , all weekend . i'm going to an art show tomorrow night with some friends .
i love art ! i have been looking to get a professional painting of my parrot , burt .
i'm really excited . what kind of a parrot is burt ?
no clue . he was left to me when my great aunt passed away last year .
oh i'm sorry to hear that . what a great gift , a parrot . does he talk ?
persona
i have a pet husky.
i live in the great white north.
i love to eat fish.
i like to race rc cars.
persona II
i like comic books and anime.
i m gay but i haven t told my parents yet.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hello , where are from ? i'm from the north
i'm from chicago il
i own a alaskan huskey ,
is it a girl or boy
up here in the north we love to fish .
what do you fish for
when i'm not fishing , racing cars is my other hobby
what do you race ? cars ?
we fish for trout i love to eat fresh trout
do you cook them yourself
i've a 1969 corvette that i race
did you build it yourself
i like to grill my fish with charcoal
does it give it a different taste
no i bought it ready to race i just maintain it
persona
i m recently divorced.
i wear glasses.
i have no children of my own.
i m very shy.
i m a children s librarian.
persona II
i m not very tall.
i m looking for a job.
my favorite color is red.
i ve a dog.
dialogue
how are you doing today
am doing well just got home from the library . you ?
that's cool i am just watching tv and going to do my sons cake
is it his birthday today ?
no it was the 11
do you have other kids ?
yes i do and do you have any kids
i love kids just do not have my own .
oh ok i got ya
work in the children section of the library .
oh ok then got ya
have yet to find the man . just got divorced actually .
i am sorry i just got married
what do you do in your spare time ? that's wonderful .
i like to bake cakes and spend time with my family
that is good to do .
persona
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i broke my arm skiing once.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
my hair is a reddish brown.
persona II
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i like football.
i work in the it industry.
i'm a christian.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi ! my name is sara . what is your name ?
hi sara my name is deon
what do you do for a living deon ?
it field for 5 years now
that's cool . i bet you have some great stupid human stories .
most situation are operator errors lol
no doubt . what are your hobbies ?
being a christian i spend a lot of time help with church activities
cool . i travel with my job so my biggest hobby is probably photography .
i enjoying watching football as well , confession i do skip somethings to enjoy football
lol hey sports are important !
you love photography that's a great hobby for traveling
yeah . i get to travel to ski competitions and take pictures when i'm not racing .
you have a lot pictures of snow covered hills i guess
lol for sure . action shots of my competition .
persona
before i die , i want to skydive.
i have a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
i'm a famous video game character online.
persona II
i like football.
we drink beer and eat food.
my friends like watching it to.
its great fun.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i like to watch football .
hi , i'm doing well . i love sports too and skydiving !
i like to watch football with my friends , they like it too .
that's cool , do you play video games . i'm a character in one !
its a lot of fun . we like watch while having beers and food .
cool . do you have any pets ? i've a snake named jake !
i do not . jake the snake , that's clever .
haha , thanks ! i will be starting an engineering internship in december , can't wait !
you are also a character in a video game ? how interesting !
yes , i'm thanks so much !
it was nice chatting with you , take care of jake the snake lol ! bye bye !
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too !
i will , stay safe in your game perils .
yes , definitely , i will sure try !
persona
last month the farm was foreclosed so i am looking for a new job.
i'm an out of work farmhand.
i would like to move some place warmer.
i live in kansas.
persona II
i am failing some of my classes.
i enjoy nature.
i am in a lot of debt.
i fantasize about living in another country.
i enjoy electronic music.
dialogue
i need to study so badly . i'm not doing to well in school .
i'm from kansas , how about you ?
i live in new york , piling up the debt .
i get it . my farm got foreclosed last month .
is it in the country ? i love spending time in nature .
yes . its nice but i want to move some where warm , on a beach .
i have dreamed about living in bermuda .
that would be really awesome . i hope you get that someday
got to get my life straight first .
ditto . i'm searching for a new job after the farm .
what do you think you'll do ?
not sure , but a farmhand without work is no start .
persona
i am an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i help my neighbor.
i live in a city.
i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i've a dog and we go for walks.
i am a grandmother.
dialogue
hey good afternoon how are you ?
i am okay , just taking a break from work right now
yea i get that for sure , like city life ?
yes , it is so much work , but i am grateful to even have a job
are we all ! i love veggies an fruits
so do i , my favorite fruit is watermelon
i like pineapple the best
i enjoy that fruit too , but it starts to swell my tongue up after a while
be careful of the seeds i tell my grandbabies that
okay , that's cool , congratulations on being a grandparent
yes they are so tiny an sweet
i bet they are , are they in school yet , kids love school
yes 3 are , the others are .
oh wow , how many grandchildren do you have ?
6 how many do you have ?
oh , i have none at all . hopefully my children give me some
persona
i've never kissed a woman.
i watch jimmy fallon s show every night.
people notice how organized i'm.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
persona II
i am a vegan.
my favorite color is orange.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i work as a barista.
i've a cat named jasper.
dialogue
hi . the first step to being a vegan is telling people you are vegan . i'm . haha
i could never do that . . . although i do believe i can do anything , but not that
it is very difficult to stick to . so how are you ?
a little depressed , i am an older man who has never kissed anyone
not even your mom ? i kiss my cat . his name is jasper .
that doesn't count , it is really sad , but jimmy fallon cheers me up every night
that is good . my job cheers me up . i'm a barista .
that doesn't sound like fun at all
all the free java keeps me buzzing . haha . what is your favorite color ?
free java , give me some , i could use it at my job , i organize things . . . blue
mine is orange . do you like flowers ? a rose is my favorite .
i like organizing flowers , people have told me i'm really good at organizing
can you please organize my things ? it is my least favorite thing to do .
if you pay me , my skills don't come for free
how much do you charge ?
it depends on the mess , some of my clients have lived like pigs
persona
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i am a breath of fresh air.
persona II
i'm afraid of spiders.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i'm a pilot.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
both of my parents are in the military.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
i am great ! i just got home from my job as a life guard !
that is awesome do you work at a beach or a pool ?
at the beach . do you have a job ?
yeah i fly for the military
oh wow ! that sounds exciting ! do you like music ?
yeah all sorts of stuff how about you ?
i always listen to katie perry in the shower !
haha nice , my girlfriend really likes listening to her .
she reminds me of me , a true breath of fun fresh air !
that is so cool , its always nice finding a good band .
very true . music just spreads love everywhere
i completely agree , bouncing around alot as a kid really opened my eyes to different music .
well i always enjoy good music
me too , do you live in the states
i do , on the west coast .
persona
i have broken my arm twice.
i'm a widow.
i'm a very social person.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
my parents were divorced.
persona II
winters my favorite time of the year.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
dialogue
i'm so sad there is not anymore game of thrones for a year or two .
sorry . i read the books , but i've not watched the show yet .
i cannot wait to see the finale .
cool . is that your favorite show ?
yes ! i wish i could live there , since it seems cold . i like the cold .
really ? me too . i prefer the cold . fall is my favorite season .
i prefer winter . ca not wait to go shopping at walmart for jackets .
ll . i'm a very social person . so it means lots of parties !
i never get invited to parties . i write got fanfic .
that's actually pretty awesome ! i'm jelly . do you have siblings ?
no , i have no family . do you ?
i have 6 siblings , but my parents are divorced . so holidays are weird .
persona
i work as a veterinarian.
i am a vegetarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
my birthplace is spain.
i am married and have five children.
persona II
i have three sisters.
i am a paramedic.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i live in a studio apartment.
dialogue
good morning how is it going
pretty good . how are you ?
awesome , i have like 3 sisters and brothers
i am an only child but my wife and i have 5 kids
i am a paramedic and studying to be a nurse
wow . we are both in the medical profession . i am a vet .
i live in a big studio apartment of the water
i love the water . ocean , lake or river ?
they all are beautiful to live near . i love music beatles is my favorite
personally i am more into hip hop
its a beautiful day out
its supposed to rain all day here .
where are you from i'm in michigan
your neighbors to the south . ohio
pretty awesome it look like it suppose to rain here too
we had planned to go to the zoo , but i think we need a new plan
persona
i enjoy the outdoors.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
i got a girlfriend last month.
i'm a hardcore biker.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
persona II
i've lived a very sheltered life.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
dialogue
hello , are you who i talk to about college career ?
no what are you doing today ?
oh , i was planning on discussing my liberal views at a well matched school .
i love outdoors while eating pancakes . my girlfriend gave it to me
your girlfriend gave you pancakes ?
yes , i love biking and hiking
those are some of the only activities i do . i am so sheltered .
why you should try other thing
i'll once i leave this catholic school . i plan on partying all the time !
can i join you someday ?
are you in new england ? maybe !
no i am not i am here at my house
oh , well have a nice day then .
yes i hope i will have
i will be praying for you
i hope you'll for me
persona
i like rock music.
my favorite color is green.
i work at mcdonald.
my name is gerald.
persona II
i am engaged to be married.
i'm in a local theater company.
my parents are divorced.
i love animals and like working with them.
i am a history buff.
dialogue
oh i'm so happy . i'm getting married soon .
congratulations . will you have rock music , my fav ?
yes ! hopefully at the local theater i am in right now !
that is the theater next to the mcdonald that i work at
yes , you know my dad ? he left my mom . he works there .
oh , i might . my name is really gerald at work , you know me as jerry .
jerry , do you like animals ? i work with them .
yes , i love animals . oh btw my hair is green , my favorite color .
green hair ? of all history , which i'm a scholar in never seen it .
well your dad probably can recognize me . what type of animals do you like ?
i love ants . and chipmunks . i race them .
you race ants ? ll i hope that you win .
well the ant is on the chipmunks back . weve been practicing for my wedding race .
interesting wedding . when is it ?
persona
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i am constantly drinking.
persona II
i enjoy building computers.
i fly airplanes.
i dropped out of college.
my favorite band is tool.
i am in the army.
dialogue
hey there , how do you do ?
i am okay but i'll be better once i get another drink
what do you like to drink ?
i love margaritas on the rocks . but any liquor will do the trick
haha not bad . what do you do for work ?
i don't have a job now . its my fault though . i cannot stop drinking .
oh are you an alcoholic ? i joined the army
is your family proud of you ? i want to mines proud .
they're , i'm sure your family loves you
they do but they do not come around much due to my drinking
i guess , maybe they do not like it
i do not know . i drink so i do not have to think about it .
that's sad , any hobbies ?
i go out to bars with friends a lot . what about you ?
persona
i'm a ballet dancer.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
persona II
i drive an acara.
my favorite beer is coors.
i love to play basketball.
my wife is a hairdresser.
dialogue
hey there . what kind of car do you have . mine is an acara .
hi ! i have a range rover ! easy to carry all my ballet gear
nice . basketball is my game to fame , really just a hobby where i drink coors .
i spend a lot of tie rehearsing for my show , but love beer in my down time .
yeah , i am an engineer and basketball and beer are great for a saturday .
i do take drinking and driving seriously because my parents were in a car crash recently
oh i do not drink and drive . my wife would never forgive me .
good to hear ! do you like hamburgers ? they're my favorite ! !
i have the best hair in my office because my wife is great at her profession .
that is awesome ! maybe she can do mine sometime
hamburgers are great especially homemade ones . she would love to .
we can cook out and do hair !
i think we should plan it .
sounds good to me . . i'll mark my calender
persona
i work at a smoothie shop.
i go to a local college.
i listen to classic rock.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
persona II
i work at a hotel overnight.
kpop is my favorite music.
i write in my spare time.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? what is your favorite thing to do ?
hi ! i'm in college , so mostly i study . how about you ?
i am well thank you . just listening to some kpop tonight . what are you up to ?
i am eating some vegetarian chili for dinner . what are you having tonight ?
i really should be eating fish or veggies too , but it is pizza night .
maybe you could try a smoothie . i make them for a living
imagine that ! there used to be a juice bar next to the hotel where i work .
do you meet a lot of travelers in your work ?
very many . once one of my favorite kpop bands stayed here .
i'm in school now , but i want to travel after i graduate
any particular place you want to see ?
i'd like to go to london ? where would you want to go ?
maybe to korea to see some of the kpop groups .
i would want to hear the classic rock bands . where do you think i should go ?
persona
i speak english and spanish fluently.
i like listening to blues music.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
my favorite artist was prince.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i like skateboarding.
i'm in high school.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
hi there , how are you
hello , i am great what about you ?
good to hear , i am good thanks !
you are welcome ! it helps that i am listening to my favorite music , blues .
blues music is great ! so what are your hobbies ?
my hobbies consist of practicing my english spanish and going for hikes .
cool ! whenever i've the time i like to go skateboarding .
that sounds fun ! do you have a favorite artist you like to listen to ? mine is prince .
not really , just what i hear on the radio .
understandable . what is your ethnicity ?
i'm british , and you ?
i'm mixed with puerto rica chinese
that's awesome ! so what do you do for work
i teach kindergarten at a school that's local to me . how about yourself ?
persona
i have never been to college.
i am a bank teller.
i love to go hiking.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
i've never been out of the country.
persona II
i'm a vegetarian.
i like to make clothes.
i make 50k a year.
i work for peta.
i love animals.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you doing tonight ?
i just been working in a bank as a teller
that's good . i work in an office own by peta . do you like animal ?
i m always on my phone and i don t have that
you do not like animals ? i love them .
hey have you been out of the country yet because i m never been
i have . where do you like to go ?
i like hiking around here maybe that s why never been to any places
hiking is good . i don't eat meat to keep myself healthy . do you ?
well what kind of diet are your family that s awesome
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
i didn t go to college in a used iphone
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
oh so how are you doing today
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
wow you have an automatic reply
persona
i drive a ford mustang.
i'm college student.
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i am 25 years old and live with my parents.
persona II
i am a average american youth.
i hate school.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
i fell in love this summer.
dialogue
hi just came in from walking . so , glad i do not have school today .
hi , me too . needed a break from college work this week . lol
is it true that less busy work happens in college ?
yeah , its straight to the point and you write a lot of papers .
better than being bored all day , i want summer back
i ready to graduate so i can move out and live with my girlfriend luis .
cool . i just met my gf this summer .
awesome . i'm driving my mustang to meet mine later .
cool . i wish i had a car .
i wish i didn't live with my parents right now .
yeah . i thought people get to move out for college ?
i did at first but had to move home to finish up school . saving money .
ah . well at least you get to finish . i get it .
yeah , looking forward to being done with it .
what are you going to do when you are done ?
try to get a job in the tech sector and work my way up .
persona
i love winning.
coffee is important to me.
i love sunny days.
i don t like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i can tell right away if i m going to like someone.
persona II
i love the colors yellow and teal.
i collect stamps.
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i am a mortician.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm doing good just got home
i'm here looking at my stamp collection
nice do u have a lot of them i'm drinking coffee i'm in love with it
yes i do like three books full . i'm also taking flight classes
nice being a pilot would be cool because i love the sunny days
do you know what a mortician is ?
yes i do is that what u are
yes mortician is my job
i'm a winner i've to win at everything
that is not good , i love the movie dirty harry
and i do not like being obligated to spend time with friends
you are a weird person .
i can tell if i'm going to like ppl when i first meet them
oh yeah ? how can you tell ?
just a feeling i get its wierd
persona
my name is kevin.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i play the guitar.
i am studying software development.
i'm a student in college.
persona II
my birthday is in june.
i've a cat.
i still live with my parents.
summer is my favorite season.
dialogue
hi ! i am upset that summer is over that's my favorite season .
yeah it is sad that the summer is over , whats your name ? i am kevin .
david . nice to meet you . my birthdays during june .
that is great , i was just getting ready to workout and learn some new things
sounds fun . i need to feed my cat . he is very hungry . my parents wo not help with that .
that's sad , i love playing the guitar maybe i can play for your cat .
i think he would really love that !
i could play for your cat in between classes at college . and you ?
i'm currently working with computers .
awesome . i'm studying software development .
cool that is a very productive field . i think you'll do great !
thank you , it was great getting to know you david . anything else going on with you ?
nothing special . i am going to go get lunch in a few minutes .
awesome , i am getting hungry too , i love eating mcdonald after my workouts .
persona
i m an amazing dancer.
i m a terrible speller.
country music makes me cringe.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
persona II
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
i am a yoga instructor.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
dialogue
hey i'm thinking about you right now
hi how are you doing ? i'm fine .
ok i'm glad your fine i'm also well . do anything for fun ?
yes me too and this is okay i've fun .
i'm do yoga if you are ever interested in joing a group . i will stretch you
wow amazing i can not spell good awful
i just noticed some of my own typos i am watching tv writing poetry
that's cool i bet you write beautiful poetry
yes i do try to write beautiful poetry all over the different lands
that's wonderful i'm great at dancing i dance awesome . do you ?
my yoga is like a dance . i might do a little dancing tonight ;
country music makes me feel like singing i cringe .
i sing country music but its a very rout and brainwashed kind of thing
that sounds like fun and relaxing i work at the animal pound .
ah . very nice . i have a dog . he is my little buddy
country music is beautiful i bet you have a great voice .
persona
i've a poodle named nanette.
i work on wall street.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i love smooth jazz.
i live in new york city.
persona II
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i am a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
i m doing well . what do you do ?
i am an accountant , but i don't like it !
well then how about a job on wall street ? it s where i work
is that a hard thing to do ?
not at all if u
my mom is a fashion designer , so maybe i could do that
nanette is my favorite designer . it s what i named my poodle
also , she's into bob ross , and hiking !
no hiking for me . it would mess up my prized business suits
that sounds very very very fancy !
it s normal when you reside in the big apple
is it expensive ?
new york or the suits . depends on the store or the neighborhood but generally yes
do yo like it there ?
sure . ain t no place better for listening to some great jazz
persona
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
my favorite color is red.
i was the first born child.
i was a slave for 10 years.
persona II
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my adopted dad works at hp.
my mom stays at home.
the future scares me.
i've six siblings.
dialogue
hi , i am the oldest of 6 kids , and am adopted
i am the oldest child and was a slave for a decade
oh wow , sounds horrid . my mom took care of us kids , while dad works at hp
it was , i got out and learned how to be a carpenter
that is awesome ! ! my adoptive parents are great people .
i lost track of my parents when i was little
i am sorry to hear , what about your siblings ?
i have one sister , we keep in touch often
that is good ! the future is frightens me . . .
building redwood furniture calms me
that is good to have a hobby
true , i like redwood because red is my favorite color .
i mean it is beneficial to do
agreed , i do carpentry as a job and as a hobby
persona
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
i am a professional horse racing handicapper.
i'm trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
i haven t been on a date since high school.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
persona II
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.
i ve been to canada two times my entire life.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
dialogue
hello how are u tonight
good , you ? what are you interest in ? i am obsessed with horse racing .
i really do not have any hobbies besides dreaming
oh dreaming can be nice , as long as they are good dreams .
yeah i have never been to the west coast so i dream of going
oh i hope you get to travel soon . i have not dated since high school
i am single myself have not found the right one for me yet
nice to find someone with that in common . i want a horse stable
i was on the local news once but it was not for illegal stuff
good to know , was it for something good ? haha
yes helping the homeless at the shelter
so nice of you , that makes a real difference .
yeah it felt good have u ever been to canada
no i've not , i always wanted to travel around there though .
i have been to canada twice it is a great place to travel
i bet , my sister in law is from there .
persona
i am from mexico.
i like to go on walks.
i've 2 cats.
i like to bake.
i used to be a chef , but i m a teacher now.
persona II
i ran for political office in 2004.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i build my own computers.
i collect bugs in jars.
dialogue
hello ! what do you do for fun ?
i go for walk and love to bake too
that's great ! i collect computer parts to build my own machines and also bug collecting
wonderful ! where are you from ?
i'm from canada , how about you ?
my birth place is mexico .
what do you do for work ?
i was a chef , now i'm a teacher . what about you ?
i thought about the military when i was young , ended up running for office politics in 2004
that's great . do you have any pets ?
no pets . oh i forgot to mention the past 6 years i have been a mechanic
really . i got 2 cats whom i love .
what are your cats names i've always wanted one
one is bamboo and the other is named nyla .
they sound cute ! what breed ?
they both are ragdoll . you should get one too .
persona
i'm too short to reach the top shelf.
i've the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i have five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
persona II
i love collecting teapots.
i work at the local bank.
i'm a cat person.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i have been divorced for 2 years.
dialogue
hi , i am sarah a banker what do you do for a living ?
i am sam . my dog has introduced me to all my wives
wow , that's an interesting way to meet women . i've been divorced for two years now .
it is a good way . i drink a lot coffee and eat my steak medium rare
i'm not a fan of steak but i do collect teapots . do you like cats ?
i do like cats , i have five . they all live outside
i've cats , but keep them inside due to my grandmother living in my guesthouse
that is cool . i'm short i barely reach the top shelf
that must make it very hard for you to put away your dishes
oh yes i have several stools
my grandmother is quite tall so she helps get the top shelf at my house
that's awesome . i'm able to tell when people eat asparagus
is it because it makes their breath smell ?
i've a gene that detects it
persona
i am saving money to buy my first car.
i live with my parents.
i currently work at mcdonalds.
i am taking a year off before i start college.
i am eighteen years old.
persona II
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
i work all the time.
i drive a nice car.
my brothers work with me.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
hey , i am doing well , you ?
i'm doing good so where are you from
i live in texas for college , i moved here , but i'm waiting a year before starting
that's cool i live in new york
what do you do for a living ?
i cook for a living
like a professional chef sort of thing ?
i guess you can say so
that's cool , i am temporarily working at mcdonalds before school
how do you like it
its pretty miserable , will not lie , fast food isn't fun
are you male of female
i am female , what about you
i am a guy and i am 33 years old
i see , i am 18 years old
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i am next in line to become queen of england.
i've five cats.
madonna is my sister.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
persona II
i train horses for a living.
i never sleep in.
i write in my spare time.
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm doing well . do you have any pets ?
i have a bunch of horses
wow , cats are my favourite animal . i have 5
that's a decent amount
it is the most i can handle . my husband just got a promotion at taco bell
that's great . i am happy for you two .
thanks ! hopefully if we move i can get more animals
why do you want to move
to be closer tony sister , her name is madonna
is that your better half
yes , she just moved from england
that sounds very nice . i hope that works out .
do you have any siblings ? do they live near you ?
i have eight . they live all around .
wow that's a big very family ! is there a large age difference ?
persona
i play football.
my favorite movie is star wars.
i have a pet iguana.
i like to play video games.
i work at mcdonald s.
persona II
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
and , my best friend is abigail.
i'm ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
i take martial arts after school.
dialogue
hi , how are you this lovely fall day ?
great . looking forward to football season !
cool , what do you do for work ?
good old mcdonalds . best job out there sarcasm
not too shabby , i am not old enough to work yet
how young are you ? i suggest micky ds as a first job . it is great
i am ten , i take karate after school but when i am older mcdonalds sounds great
it is good to learn self defense . do you play video games ?
yes , what is your favorite ?
i love wow . i am a wow junkie
what else do you do for fun ?
i play with my pet iguana . you have any pets ?
oh wow , no but i wish i had a tarantula
they're pretty cool pets !
ya , i read harry potter , do you like to read ?
harry potter is the best series out there
persona
my favorite music is country.
i am a vegan.
i love all animals.
i used to work as an actress.
i love my job.
persona II
i don't like my job.
i want to be an explorer.
my favorite color is blue.
i visit india often.
i am an athlete.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
i'm well , how about you ?
ok . just looking for a new job . what are you doing ?
just hanging out with my cat .
i do not have any pets . what do you do for a living ?
i used to be an actress , but am a reporter now . i love it .
i wish i could find a job that i love . do you get to travel a lot ?
sometimes , but usually local stuff . i wish .
i love to travel . i go to india to visit family at least once a year .
awesome ! i have never been to india . where do you live now ?
i am in ohio . what about you ?
washington . do you eat a lot of indian food at home ?
not really . i eat a lot of greens for my training regimen .
is that for a sport ? i love greens ! been vegan for ages . ;
persona
i love honey.
i enjoy talking to strangers.
i want to live at the beach.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
persona II
i'd love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i believe in aliens.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
dialogue
hello ! how are you this evening ?
i'm fine thanks . its always fun to talk with new people !
it is ! so what do you do for work ?
just a boring job . do you do something interesting ?
i am a nurse . i'd rather be a professional eater but not get fat doing it .
lol . i especially love to eat anything made with honey .
same here . do you believe in alien life ? i do .
i've not thought about it much , but it seems likely .
when i get bummed i look at the stars to cheer up my mind .
i love looking at the stars too . wish i lived near the beach , though .
i use to live near the beach . i miss it .
do you have any pets ? i want a monkey , but my lease prohibits it .
i have a cat . she's persian .
i suppose you mean her breed , and not her nationality !
persona
i love to travel.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i am a 43 year old woman.
i have two full sleeves of tattoos.
persona II
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i drive a prius.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
dialogue
hi how are you today
great , and you ? i am just wrapping up a leg of my trip .
i'm good . where did you go ?
work , i drive a truck because i like to travel around .
you must see a lot of places have you ever seen a volcano
i have never seen a volcano , but i have a tattoo of one .
i like to walk up them . your tattoo must be pretty
that's brave of you . both my arms are covered in tatts , need new spot .
i don't have any of those . have you been to canada ?
i've not been out of the united states , but i'd like to .
i think women from canada are beautiful
43 years and this girl has not gone anywhere . are they really pretty ?
yeah i think they are but people have different opinions
everyone is entitled to them i suppose . i think italian women are beautiful .
it was nice talking to you have a safe drive
nice chatting with you too !
persona
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i like meat too much.
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
i do the shopping in my house.
persona II
i'm married.
i have a passion for god.
i'm a older gentlemen.
i love to travel.
dialogue
are you a religious person ?
a little bit , why do you ask ?
my religious views are very important to me at my age .
oh how old are you ? i love meat , especially pork . i could never give that up .
i'm 64 years old , ready to retire and travel the world .
that's awesome to travel after you retire . i'm too lazy for that .
well they say pork will do that to you . how old are you ?
i'm 30 . i want to try to just eat veggies , but it is hard .
yes it is . my wife helps to keep me eating healthy . are you married ?
i'm too . i do the house shopping so i always get all the unhealthy foods .
that's unfortunate . your health should be more of an importance .
i know . that's why i want to eat more veggies . for my health .
they're far less expensive than junk food . you won't regret the change !
that's true ! what do you do for work ?
i work for a marketing company . i supervise and qa potential advertisements .
oh that's nice i bet that keeps you busy
persona
i love my work and just got promoted.
i listen to classical music.
i work for a large law firm.
i enjoy golfing.
persona II
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i want to be a famous photographer.
i like taking pictures.
i am a widow.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i'm fantastic ! today has , been great . how bout ursel ?
i am doing great . its a fantastic day for photography .
i like golfing . helps me blow of steam from work .
sounds like fun . i'd like to do some photography on famous courses one day
that sounds like an adventure . i don't travel much .
would you like to ? i
yes but i work all the time . it paid off got promoted at my law firm
hey , that sounds like a great career move though . i am still working on my career .
i just put on some classical music and a glass of wine tell me about it
i'd like to be a photographer one day , ya know , travel the world taking pictures
sounds like fun do you enjoy anything else
i do like music . i want to combine my photos and my passion for music
that sounds like a great combination .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i am a lifestyle blogger.
i am married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
persona II
i just bought new hoop earrings.
i love nighttime.
i am an artist.
i've a cat named charlie.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
yo ! what is up stranger ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
a little copy paste . i like it
what is a hobby of yours ?
well my job really is my hobby ; i make art
i am a blogger . i love what i do .
does blogging love you ? is it mutual ?
yes it is . i live in florida . where do you live ?
that's good . i live in florida as well
nice . what part of the state do you live ?
it is nice . what part of the state do you live ?
orlando . do you like shopping ? i love it .
nice . do you enjoy shopping ? i like it .
i said i love it .
i said i like it
i live in celebration , not orlando .
persona
i am working in finance.
i listen to rap.
i drive a black car.
i like meat.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i live in a rural community.
i love robotics.
i have two kids.
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i work at amazon.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing great i actually had the day off how about you ?
i'm learning more about robotics . it is my hobby
i work in a bank but my co workers distaste my music
interesting ! do you have kids ?
yes just 1 for now hence i still have my black nissan z
nice ! i've 2 kids and a mini van
well i plan on being mini van bound soon . whats your favorite food ?
i like pizza ! and you ?
i'm pure carnivore , meat is life especially steak
cool ! where do you live ?
i'm on the east coast , i think its why i love wu tang so much
nice , i am at a rural community in montana
i been to wyoming when i was a teen
persona
my father used to work for a bank.
i went to college and graduated few years ago.
now i also work at a bank.
i grew up in the upstate.
i live in the city.
persona II
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
i've found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
i have none to share my thoughts about the books i read.
i love to read.
dialogue
hello , my name is sue and i enjoy reading .
hi nice to meet you i just graduated nyu two years ago
what was you major ? i recently started a blog so people can post book reviews .
i majored in finance to follow in my dads footsteps
that's nice . do you share your opinion on books you read ?
sometimes i do i mainly read books about finance i want to work on wall street someday
i had to start talking to well known publishers because my friends wo not listen .
that sounds interesting the publishers are very knowledgeable about books
yes and blogging lets me share my thoughts .
blogging does tell people a lot about topics and lets the writer vent
do you talk to friends about finance ?
sometimes i work at untrust so sometimes i want a break from it all
oh i can understand that .
what do you do when you aren't blogging
persona
my favorite band used to be toto.
my dogs name is toto.
my grandma is from denmark.
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my car is green and smells weird.
persona II
i'm a mother.
i've two dogs who are like my babies.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
i've two children.
one child has autism.
dialogue
hi , my name is melody and i love my babies and dogs .
great how are you melody ?
i'm wonderful . how are you doing ?
i'm alright . i have a dog named toto . generic .
toto that a great name reminds me of the wizard of oz .
it also reminds me of africa . what a song .
oh ? what kind of song and are you from africa ?
you know that song i saw the rain down from africaaaa
i do not know the song but it sounds like fun .
ah you should listen to it . its from the 80s
i'll have to look that up . i do need some music especially from the 80s .
yeah musical is very cyclical . i love modern stuff but its similar
persona
i like to be alone.
i've a cat.
my mother was a nurse.
i wait tables at a cafe.
persona II
i only eat at restaurants.
i like having my back scratched.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
dialogue
hey , i'm jared how are you ?
i'm good . do you have any pets ?
no but i do have a pair of shoes . do you have any pets ? ?
i've one cat . do you work ?
sometimes , i mainly eat at restaurants though . never at home , you ?
well i work at a cafe . i wait tables .
how fun ! do you scratch any backs there ? i love having mine scratched
i do not i'd rather be alone .
heard that brother sister . you watch movies though ?
no my mom was a nurse and wanted us to read
reading is awesome . whats your favorite book ?
she's come undone by wally lamb . yours ?
the cat and the hat , guess . classic literature for me
ha ! with a side of green eggs and ham ? ?
i might like them . . . sam i'm . .
you are a funny guy , jared .
persona
i love wearing name band clothing.
i've woman calling me all the time.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
persona II
i have borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
dialogue
whats up ? greetings from atlanta , ga !
women are awesome but so many call me
gosh , my problem is men ! i always meet so many in the towns nightclub scene .
i love band tee shirts an the night .
i never miss a music festival , love band tees .
ll sounds like we would have fun i'm making a perfect playlist right now
wish i could party right now , but i am dental assistant in the posh side of atlanta .
you can when you get off for sure !
lol it is my world after all and everybody else is just a minor character
well now hold on a second lol
sorry , i have got borderline personality disorder , so you know . its hard to relate aside from the dancefloor
ll okay well maybe i'll catch you out
sure , what do you do for fun ?
music an relax enjoy the night life
do you like drinking when you go clubbing ?
of course i do i've to party hard lol
persona
i m terrible at math.
i m a college student.
dancing is my passion.
i drive a silver lexus.
i've a dog named socks.
persona II
i m a simple man.
i usually catch sunfish.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i like fishing.
dialogue
hi want to be my friend ?
yes , i would love to . i'm in college .
i never went to college . i get on okay
do you have any pets ?
nah . i do like to fish , but they aren't pets
oh , i've one dog . his name is socks .
that's a fun name . what kid of dog is he
he's a little white maltese .
i might be interested in a hound to take fishing
what type of car do you drive ?
i drive a truck . a chevy
oh , i drive an old lexus .
fancy . do you like steak ?
yes , who doesn't like steak ?
i like simple stuff . meat and potatoes , you know ?
yeah , that is how i'm .
persona
my father used to work for microsoft.
i'm a christian.
i like football.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
persona II
i've a golden retriever.
i like to play soccer.
my favorite subject in school is math.
i have a little sister.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
good ! i hope the lord is seeing you well tonight !
indeed he's . in am hanging out with my golden retriever .
that is lovely indeed . what is the dogs name ?
speedy . he used to be quite fast . do you like to read ?
i only read the bible . however , i do like music ! my favorite band is kings of leon .
i'm not familiar with that band . tell me more !
they're a very good band , they're a southern indie rock band . they have several hits !
do you have siblings ? i love hanging out with my little sister , jane .
i do not have siblings . is jane a fan of football ?
no , but she loves to play soccer like i do .
i enjoy football , both kinds american and worldwide .
do you have a favorite team ?
my favorite american football team is the browns . my favorite mls team is the crew .
persona
i love dogs.
i've 2 dogs as pets.
i work as a veterinarians assistant.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
persona II
i like to go out to eat.
i also enjoy cooking.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i like listening to other rap music too.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
dialogue
hi ! !
hello there !
how are you ?
i'm well
glad to hear ! do you like music ?
i like canines
i like rap . especially that snoop dog . he is a canine p
i keep two canines as tamed animals
cuteeeee ! do you like food ?
my careers is at a veterinarian as an assistant
very nice . my biggest hobby is the drums
my mom has an allergy to canines
that is unfortunate . better leave the dogs at home
my canines stay at my house when i travel my mother and father
you are so considerate !
i really like canines
persona
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
my husband just decided to leave me.
i enjoy ice cream.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband does not want them.
persona II
i eat exclusively meat.
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
my favorite movie is good burger.
i like canning and whittling.
dialogue
i like to drink a lot
i'm going to join you . . . my husband just left me . . . i'm going to be a single mother .
oh man . what happened ?
i am not sure . i guess the spark in the relationship just faded ?
how long were you married ?
long enough to conceive four children . . . of which are my responsibility now .
what are you drinking ? i am loving some rebel ipas right now .
i am actually just digging through a pint of ben and jerry . love ice cream !
my favorite is cookies and cream
good choice ! do you think i can give some of my brownie batter to my dogs ?
no , dogs and chocolate do not mix
i doubt this ice cream has real chocolate in it though . i will not risk it anyway .
i have a chihuahua . what kind of dog do you have ?
two golden retrievers , they're the only thing keeping me afloat . love them ! !
oh man , i had a golden puppy for a while . way too much puppy for me !
lol . thanks for the convo . have a good night !
persona
my name is mary.
i am a receptionist at a doctors office.
i am also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
persona II
i coexist well with my husband.
i've a friend group , but i do not like any of them.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
dialogue
hello ! what are you up to today ?
not took much ! and yourself ? i am mary !
i am on a lunch date with my husband .
i'll be going on break here soon . stuck in this doctors office answering phones !
that is no fun . both of my high school aged sons want to be doctors !
oh ? that is awesome ! i am a full time student myself at a local college .
oh you must have a lot of friends !
psha . instead of socializing , i spend my time looking over files of clients and studying !
i try to be with my friends , but i do not really like them . i feel very lonely .
www . i am sorry its like that for you . studying radiology , it gets lonely as well .
i never really found myself in college . i hope you have better luck .
its a lot of hard work and i'm hoping it will be worth it !
persona
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
i've 5 children.
i'm a student.
i have an internship at a computer company.
persona II
i like to live off of the land.
i am all about family and fun.
my parents were like this as well.
i am a free spirit.
the idea of working isn't my cup of tea.
dialogue
hi , jackson here , i like being free .
jefferson here , i love being free which is why i fish
that is awesome . my parents are the same . i learned from them .
yeah i love my parents , especially my mom . she's a lawyer .
my family is fun , hard working folks . i will work but not my thing .
family is definitely hard word , especially when you have 5 kids like me
yeah they can be , single with no kids , which is great ! ! living off the land
must be great , i am currently studying so i am super busy
going back to school . . eh ? for what ?
computer stuff mostly . i'm interning at a computer company right now .
sounds boring to me . lol
i'm trying to have a higher income so i can support my kids
makes sense , i am going to transition and do something i will like
yeah it is important to do what you love .
persona
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
i'm currently in nursing school.
i dance ballet.
persona II
i go to a private high school.
while both my parents have thick european accents , i do not.
i'm enrolled in several college credit courses.
i drive a motorcycle instead of a car.
my parents immigrated from europe before i was born.
dialogue
hey , i have got some time between classes . wanna hang out later ?
no . i do not know who you are . tell me about yourself
hmm . i am currently going to high school and my parents are immigrants . how about you ?
i am way pass high school , i am going to be a nurse soon
oh cool . i am taking some college courses and i have been thinking i might become a nurse .
cool ! i really like it . i dance as well . do you dance ?
no , but i enjoy driving my motorcycle . do you have anything else you like to do ?
lots of stuff . i went to a christian high school so i'm pretty tame though .
i go to private , not as tame as christian but oh well .
j i'm a wild one preachers daughter !
ll . you sound like fun . we will have to hang out when we are done with school .
yeah that is if you figure out how to talk quicker , falling asleep over hear
persona
i own a german shepard.
i live in california.
i own a corvette.
i like to surf.
persona II
i'm recently divorced.
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i am a huge fan of dogs.
dialogue
i just broke up with my partner . no to talk to except the dog .
i'm sorry to hear that . what kind of dog do you have ?
malamute . i like big dogs but next one may be an ankle biter .
nice . i have a german shepard . i also like large dogs .
trying to get an ebook together on dogs . i must learn all types .
that's pretty cool . i would probably be interested in reading that .
what are you interested in accomplishing ?
i want to be the best surfer in the world .
i saw some doing the night surfing on tv . i think it was hawaii .
that is awesome . hawaii cool , but i prefer to reside in california .
how old is your german shepherd ? does he go to the beach with you ?
he is about seven years old and yes . he loves the beach .
does he get nervous when you are surfing and he's on the beach ?
no , there are many young children there to play with him .
persona
i worry about my image.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i wish my mom was healthier.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i wish i could go to a better school.
persona II
i know how to drive a stickshift.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
my mother was a teacher.
i'm a truck driver.
my father was a cop.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
i have been better , i am worried about my moms health .
i am sorry to hear that , is she ok ?
she's sick a lot , i think the neighborhood we live in doesn't help her mood either .
maybe try virginia , i lived there with my parents . my mom was a teacher
i wish i could move , there are probably better schools compared to mine
my school actually taught me how to drive stickshift car
my school , is terrible , i worry i won't get hired because it gives a bad image
you will be ok ! my father was worried too but he became successful as a cop
i wish you could send him here , my neighbors yell and fight all night
oh no , i'd not hear that much because i drive trucks all night
living here makes everyone think i'm a loser , driving a truck would help me get away
i don't think you are a loser ! yeah you could try truck driving
thanks , i just wish i did not have to complain all the time .
persona
i have a pet dog.
my favorite food is pizza.
my favorite color is red.
i'm a student.
i am an only child.
persona II
i wait tables at a cafe.
i like to be alone.
my mother was a nurse.
dialogue
hello !
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i read a lot . i like being alone .
ya me too . i like to just chill with my dog
that is me . what do you do for work ?
i'm studying to be an engineer .
cool . i'm a waitress at a cafe .
what type of restaurant ?
italian restaurant .
i love pizza !
yep . its one of our bestsellers .
do you have a favorite color ?
blue .
cool . mine is red .
red is a nice color too .
do you have any siblings ? i don't .
persona
i like toyota cars.
someday i'd like a truck.
i work at a hospital.
i don't like working long hours.
i like to vote.
persona II
i'm argentinian.
i like to eat beef.
i like to ride horses.
i like to wear boots.
i have many girlfriends.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hey oh ! good . bu ?
just getting ready to grill some hamburgers with one of my girlfriends .
sounds good . its a great day to be out .
i have got my boots on and i want to go horseback riding after we eat .
do you live on a ranch ?
yes in argentina , its very hot here today , how about there ?
its pretty humid .
do you have any plans today ?
yeah , tailgating . my buddy has a truck .
sounds like fun , what game are you going to ?
i'm not sure . i just go where the party is .
persona
i am currently listening to bach.
i travel at least once a year.
i graduated from princeton.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i love to watch the voice.
persona II
i use a cane to help me get around.
i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.
i have many friends.
i am blind.
dialogue
hello i'm jane are you there ?
yes listening to some classical music back is my favorite
my idol is stevie wonder . were both blind and he does not let that stop him
he's awesome ! i love enjoy going to museums you can learn so much
i love learning my friend took me to a empty parking lot and let me drive
neat ! i also enjoy watching the voice i love singing
i have several friends that we do karaoke with
fun fun ! i enjoy traveling for fun
i travel when i can but i use a cane so not to go into traffic
yes you must for sure
i have always been sightless but i love my job
i went to princeton and had a friend who was blind
aww so you can relate that is nice to hear
yes it must be very hard
persona
my weakness are sweets.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i'm unsociable.
i am male.
i am a jack of all , master of none.
persona II
i've a son.
i collect seashells.
i love horses.
i am a yoga instructor.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
i am doing ok , how are you ?
i have a seashell collection so i am great
that sounds cool , i am not very sociable so i like collections .
i collect horses too you know
that sounds awesome , i mostly collect candy i love it !
candy is cool , i teach yoga too
i have never tried yoga , too many people around .
i'm also anti social what is your favorite fruit ?
really none , i just like candy , but i eat so much of it .
my son eats a lot of candy
i try not to disappoint my family , but i do .
always chasing those free candy vans
nice ! i have never seen one of those .
they drive around here all of the time
where do you live ? i which i had friends .
persona
i love most music except country and jazz.
i'm a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
my favorite food is anything italian.
my favorite book that i've read lately is middlesex.
persona II
i only date people taller than me.
i really like technology.
i like free diving.
i wish i could live forever.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
wonderful , thank you ! just got done with dinner . you ?
nothing much just watching the news
the news is so depressing these days . do you have any hobbies ?
i free dive sometimes hbu ?
i spend most of my time at the gym playing racquetball .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a personal trainer . how about you ?
i'm a graphic designer from cali
nice ! i've never been to california before . sounds wonderful !
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy music and reading . anything except that awful country .
www why not country ? lol
i don't know . never been a fan . i take it you like it ?
what city are you from ?
new york , new york . ever been there ?
persona
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
persona II
i've 3 children.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i've a law degree.
i drive an suv.
i've 3 dogs.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
good . it is cold in here . thank goodness for cardigans !
haha , i enjoy the cold , i vacation in the mountains
i have never been . too busy studying programming all day .
cool , i just got my law degree , starting new job in a week
congratulations ! my step dad was a lawyer too . never liked him though .
haha most people do not like lawyers , any kids ?
no kids . traumatized from dead beat dad . no worries . all is good .
well you can do better than he did
i'm hoping so . fortunately , he was smart and so am i .
that's really good , i've 2 boys and a girl
wow . that's a lot of kids . are you married ?
yes i'm and 3 dogs as well , big household
i love dogs ! your home life sounds great .
persona
i live with my husband and two children.
i love to take road trips.
i live in upstate new york.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
my favorite place to visit is seattle.
persona II
i make robots for a living.
i eat mainly chinese food.
i am a night owl.
i'm single and live alone.
i don't have a good social life.
dialogue
hello , hows your day going so far ?
its going great . i have been in out of meetings all day . i am a coordinator .
wow sound great i make robots
wow how did you get into that ?
i love robots as a kid so i decided to do it for a living
that is awesome . where are you from ?
new york , i'm single and live alone i love it
i live in new york as well upstate , with my husband 2 kids .
wow that sounds great i am a night owl what about you ?
i am a night owl as well . do you travel much ?
yes some times i don't really have a good social life though
i'm very social love road trips . having friends all over the world is awesome .
that sounds great whats your favorite food ?
i love new york pizza ! yours ?
persona
i like to watch anime.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like being weird.
i like cats.
persona II
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
zucchini bread ! i'm fantastic ! how are you ?
i take it zucchini bread is your favorite ? i personally love pistachio icecream
being weird is my favorite . just like my favorite pony , rainbow dash
i do not mind weird . i actually watch videos of surgeries in my spare time !
cool ! are you a doctor ?
no , that is why its weird . i tend to just travel around making friends
that sounds fun ! do you have any other hobbies ?
yes , i love playing with edged weapons . i know that sounds weird too
neat ! like swords and axes ?
yes ! i show them to all the people i meet . its fun
i love anime , so that goes hand in hand
sounds like we would get a long
absolutely ! do you have any cats ?
no , i don't , but i would love one
i've a cat named kevin bacon !
persona
i don t like my reputation.
i don t like feeling controlled.
i want to move.
i have a harsh inner critic.
persona II
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i am a fruitarian.
i like to garden.
dialogue
hello . how is your day going ?
its a bit crazy , my tires were slashed this morning . i need to move .
sorry to hear that . no one needs that . i've been busy making soap
that's cool , do you have your own business too ?
no i just like to do things for myself . i also make compost for my garden .
its always good to be self sufficient , i don't like being controlled by companies .
i feel the same way . i eat most of the fruit that i grow
how is it ? used to grow fruit but earned a bad reputation . i hate it .
i like the fresh produce . what did you grow ?
my favorite was strawberries . i was too harsh on my standards though and quit .
i understand that i am particular too . what do you do for fun ?
a bit of light reading here and there , yourself ?
i work in my garden and enjoy cooking
what do you like to cook ?
i cook vegetables . soups and salads mostly
soup is always nice . do you have a favorite dish ?
i really like potato soup
that sounds great right now , i really don't have much to say about myself anymore .
persona
i am a teacher.
i love country music.
my dad worked for home depot.
i am an aspiring fiction writer.
persona II
i like to take walks.
many of my former students like to visit me.
my husband will retire next year.
we plan to travel after he retires.
dialogue
hi i am yumi and i take long walks
i am sam and i am a writer
my former students will come and visit me from time to time
i also teach third grade math
my husband wants to retire next year
i also love music especially country
we plan to travel around europe after he retires .
my parents work at home depot
wow how do they like working for home depot
they love it . are you busy
well not so busy is there something on your mind ?
no not too much i am tired
why are you feeling so tired ?
it is late and time for bed
it is an di'm starting to get tired myself
what time do you go to bed
persona
i'm colorblind.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
persona II
i like to make short films.
i am a civil war reenactment participant.
i have traveled overseas many times.
dialogue
i am afraid .
what are you afraid of ? i'll save you !
i'm reenacting the civil war next week , and well they want me on the wrong side . . .
oh that sucks ! when is it ?
saturday . are you going ? its dorky . . .
i can go , i just have to do yard work before i go
ok , well , please do , i'm sick of making short films and need support
ok i will , i just have to help out the family with the chores
did you talk to your brother ?
of course , i still live with him at home
he's such a troll to do that to you .
i know i need to move out of my parents house , i am 30 !
what does that mean ?
i still live at home
persona
i am a musician.
my favorite band is hop along.
i have been working the same job for two years.
my father used to be a mechanic.
persona II
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
i m in grad school.
my parents live across the street from me.
i work in a coffee shop.
i love to read true crime books.
dialogue
hello ! i am at work in the coffee shop . do you work ?
hi . well , sort of . i am in a band . been playing with them for two years .
cool . do you live at home ? i live across the street from my parents .
that's cool . no , i moved out . my dad was a mechanic . . . you like music ?
i love music ! all genres .
cool . have you heard the band hop along ? they are pretty good .
no . but speaking of likes , reading true crime books is my passion
interesting . are you reading one now ?
no . grad school is taking up all my time . i'm in it now .
haha . so maybe grad school is your passion ? take a true crime class ?
no . it is something i have to do . i love reading those books about true crime
oh , ok . guess i should have said forensics class .
do you like coffee ? caramel cappuccino is my favorite drink .
well , i never turn down a hot cup . especially during rehearsals .
you should come to my coffee shop . i love working there !
sure , i will visit . get some caramel cappuccino ! i am down for that .
persona
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i always have a beer after work.
i played football in high school.
i am a roofer.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
persona II
i love to read.
i read three books a week.
i dropped out of high school.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
dialogue
read any good books lately ?
i read the instruction manual for my truck . does that count ?
of course it does ! i read 3 books every week .
oh wow ! that is a lot of reading .
i love it . i could read all day . i do read all day .
i work all day , then get my daily bud lights .
where do you work ? i should look for a job since i dropped out of school .
i'm a football coach .
that is a good job . i played football in high school before i dropped out .
i did too . but did not drop out . i also roof houses as a second job .
my coach did not like me reading while playing , so i quit . football , that is .
that would render you ineffective , lol
i've been reading since age 3 . i've a hard time putting books down .
do you get headaches from reading ?
not at all . do you get headaches from your daily bud lights ?
sometimes the next morning . i just eat a well done steak
persona
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
i like fruit.
i like green apples.
i don t like to eat meat.
my favorite fruit is apple.
persona II
i'd like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i am currently on a diet.
i've three pets.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i love going to the gym.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ? do you have any pets ?
hello . doing alright thanks . no pets right now , though i love animals .
they're just the best . i am in school to become a veterinarian
awesome ! i love them so much i stopped eating meat . live off fruit now basically .
wow that's amazing ! i wish i could do that myself , could help my diet
grab a bunch of green apples they are my favorite . mostly the skins lol
my dogs love apple skins ! its funny you should mention that . have pets ?
nope , would love one eventually . what kind of dog do you have ?
i've 2 pugs and a new kitten . they are still warming up to each other lol
pugs are adorable little goof balls . bet learning to play with a kitten is new !
they are the stand up comics of dogs lol . so , when did you become a vegetarian ?
early teenage years . was probably a phase for a while but then it just stuck really .
that's pretty much what happened to me with going to the gym lol
are you a big gym nut ? i like to lift and keep fit .
i practically live at the gym . staying fit is the key to a long life
i hope its that simple . makes you wonder about some of the fatties living til 90 .
persona
my favorite sport is football.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i am a military veteran.
persona II
my favorite band is pearl jam.
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
i live in a suburb of boston.
i'm a night owl.
dialogue
hello , nice to meet you .
hey there , how are you this evening
doing pretty good . i'm just sitting here listening to my favorite band pearl jam .
i love pearl jam , what do you do for fun ?
i like to go hiking and riding my bike , weather is permitting , here in boston .
when i visited boston , i froze my butt off . i volunteer at animal shelters
cool , i wish i could find the time , i work late nights and sleep in the day .
i work night shifts as well , but i've learned to live on way less sleep
lol . i wish i could . what else do you do in your spare time ?
i watch quite a bit of football , and i try and travel as much as possible
where do you live at ?
a little north of the houston area , pretty warm here
if you ever visit boston again , maybe we can meet for coffee .
that would be cool , i have family up in that area
persona
my husband died last year.
black coffee is my addiction.
my favorite hobby is gardening.
i am 77 years old.
persona II
running is a hobby.
i'm looking for a second job.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
dialogue
hi what is your hobby , my is running
hello , is drinking coffee black a hobbie ?
well i don think so , nothing wrong with it
i think i am addicted to it since my husband passed
sorry to here about your husband
i am pushing 77 , guess he could not keep up
i guess so try baking a nice cake
cake is for losers , give me coffee ! ! !
ok , what about the out door just enjoying the air
cold air killed my husband . . .
sorry , what about a nice restaurant
i'm scared of waiters , so no
ok , just try to cut back a little at the time
maybe i can focus on the gardening
persona
i have black hair.
i'm a cheerleader.
i'm 21 years old.
i enjoy the outdoors.
i live on a ranch.
persona II
i have a large cd collection.
i like vintage furniture.
favorite band is the beetles.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
dialogue
how are you doing today
pretty good , got back from cheer practice . how are you ?
i am great . just listening to music
what kind of music do you like ? where are you from
i love the beetles and old school
we listen alot of old school country at the ranch i live on
what was ranch life like
alot of animals . . and hard work lol . but i love being outside so its great
that sounds like a lot of work
very rewarding though , family business ! what do you do ?
i work in a music shop
oh i bet that's a fun job !
it is great . the people are awesome .
i'm sure you meet all kinds . i love travelling for that reason
persona
i like going to the beach.
i've a dog named george.
i love to ride my bike.
i used to work for a cable company.
i like my job.
persona II
my family has moved 40 times.
i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.
i am 6 feet tall.
i have purple hair.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi , fine and you ? i'm playing with george , my dog .
just touching up my purple hair .
that's cool , do you like the beach ?
yeah . but it is hard to get to the beach , i've moved over 40 times .
40 times ! for your job ?
kind of . i help people get back on their feet . take them in . like cats .
i used to work for the cable and moved a few times .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like bikes a lot .
bikes are fun , do you mean bicycle , or motorcycle ?
in fact i love both .
wonderful ! do you run or anything ?
sometimes at the beach i jog .
that sounds like a pretty peaceful job .
peaceful yes but none the less active .
persona
i have survived near death experiences.
i sometimes drive fast.
i prefer reading to sports.
i am a gentle giant.
persona II
i live in alabama.
i'm obese.
i m 53 years old.
i have twelve kids.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing great . just relaxing with a good book . you ?
i'm doing well , just having some of my children over to visit
that sounds nice . how many kids do you have ?
twelve kids . i know , it sounds like a handful to take care of but they are all grown
oh wow . i have one daughter and she keeps me busy lol . good for you
good thing you have only one child . twelve was stressful lol
i can imagine , definitely worth it though i bet .
how old are you and how old your daughter ? i'm 53
i'm 27 and my daughter is 1 and a 1 2 .
i am looking to move from alabama to somewhere else within the next year
oh do you plan on moving far ? i live in wisconsin .
i am originally from pennsylvania so maybe i might move back there
that is a beautiful state , very hilly and green .
yes although i am not fond of the crazy weather . i recently dyed my hair blonde
i love the four seasons . what color was it ? i have blonde hair too .
persona
i love nighttime.
i'm an artist.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
i have a cat named charlie.
persona II
i'm young.
i'm strong.
i'm tall.
i love to run fast.
i never eat veggies.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
hey , great just feeding my cat charlie . how are you ?
i'm doing good . does charlie run fast ? running fast is my fav
he does ! mine too , i love going on night runs
yeah , the cool night air is nice when running .
isn't it ! it my fav time of the day ! !
my mom worries about me running at night since i am kinda young .
that's sweet . what do do ? i own an art gallery . for local artists like myself
well i do not have a job . i train a lot for running .
where do you life ? i am in miami .
i would rather not say . ca not be too careful on the internet .
i hear that . do you like shopping ? i love jewelry .
persona
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i can do convincing bird calls.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i am partially blind.
persona II
my favorite past time is cooking.
i love to sing.
i love to run.
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
dialogue
hi . what are you up to ?
hey , i'm just here practicing my lines for young frankenstein .
oh really ? do you have to sing ? i love singing .
no just have to know all the words start to finish .
what are your hobbies ? mine are cooking and running .
i can sing like a bird though or should i say call like a bird .
that's so cool . do you have any trophies ? i have a lot .
i don't run as i can barely see anything . so no trophies .
i'm sorry . maybe you'll get an acting award .
i do volunteer on wednesdays which is fun . working with human rights is a reward .
that is awesome . you sound like a wonderful person .
i try to be a good person .
so are you in school for acting ?
no i just do it at the local club here . so much fun .
persona
i used to be a lawyer.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
my name is albert.
persona II
i work for the navy.
i am blue and tall.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i like to read.
i like to swim.
dialogue
hello how are you doing
i used to be a liar
ok that's nice ? i guess ?
i give everyone a chance
do you swim in the water
i've the name albert
i read very well for fun
i like to dip in ranch
where are you from where do you live
the outside cliffs of my mind
ok this is going no where how many turns till this is done
i am not sure , i will be in court
i hope we do not get paired again
i'm sorry . why do not you have fun ?
this isn't fun its nonsense
you are making money , smile
persona
since young i've loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i love animals.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i have an 18 year old son.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
great , taking a break from trying to design a dress to wear to a wedding
you design dresses . that is cool . my 18 year old loves weddings
yes , i love to go shopping and get new ideas on what i want to design
do you get any inspiration from animals ?
sometimes , i like to look at the patterns in thier coat
interesting . i volunteer sometimes at our local animal shelter
i do love cats , in fact mine was just sitting by me on my computer desk
haha . they do love to be the center of attention .
yes ! i live in ny and study design how about you ?
i am just a regular old mom
well there is nothing wrong with that i have one daughter
persona
i am the youngest of three brothers.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
my name is omar.
i ve never been to the city.
persona II
i vacation in florida every winter.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
i sing karaoke every thursday night.
my sister is a published author.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
hello how are you today
greetings ! i am well . do you enjoy music ?
i do not like music , i love it
me too ! i play guitar .
i like to sing , i go to karaoke every thursday
that sounds like fun ! there is not anything like that here in rural ohio .
i travel a lot , in the winter i go to florida
i haven't ever been to florida . never even as far as cincinnati .
you should get out more and see the world
i agree . particularly if the band i'm in is to find its big break .
your in a band whats the name ?
we are the ohio trio . my brothers and i .
what type of music do you play
sort of a light jazz .
that is awesome what instrument do you play
i play guitar . my elder brother taught me . do you play any instruments ?
persona
i can say the alphabet backwards.
i am a redhead.
i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
i ve danced since i was two.
persona II
i love to shop on weekends.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i am planning a trip to europe.
dialogue
hello , i love to go shopping on the weekends .
cool . can you say the alphabet backwards ? i can
i have never tried . maybe if i concentrate really hard .
yes . you definitely can . my hair is red . i love it .
i like red hair . i am female and i wear a  .
me too . i lost my job a month ago . i was a banker .
i do not have a job , so currently i am planning a vacation to europe .
awesome ! i've danced there . since i was two years old .
oh wow ! i attend dance lessons with my boyfriend .
cool . what kind of dance lessons ?
salsa , it is really fun . what kind of dance do you do ?
i do all types . i love salsa dancing .
next i want to sail . i haven't stepped foot on a cruise ship yet .
sailing is fun . wait until the the wind blows . it is awesome !
persona
i am very athletic.
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i've been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i get distracted easily.
persona II
i love to go to the lake.
i am a happy person.
i love to take walks.
i love to knit and crochet.
i love to listen to music.
dialogue
hey ! what do you like to do for fun ?
hello ! ! i enjoy playing alot of sports in my free time .
whats your favorite sport to play ?
i enjoy playing football with my friends when i have free time .
do you like to take walks ?
no , i've been in too many relationships that turned out poorly and walking was always included
that's too bad , do you like to do things at a lake ? like swimming ?
yes ! me and my friends go to the lake and converse all day long
going to the lake is my favorite thing ! do you listen to music there ?
yes , but i cannot remember what i listen to i get distracted very easily .
you should try knitting , it helps you learn how to concentrate .
thank you , my distractions have made me not take school as serious as i would like .
persona
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
i love playing tennis.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i am the youngest of 3.
persona II
i travel every year to disney world.
i like to read true crime novels.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i have two dogs.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
dialogue
i am tiffany , i am close to my brother
hi tiffany . how close ? i am in law school . you in school ?
i work , full time as a secretary for an insurance company
oh , ok . i two older siblings , so i know how great having a brother is .
my two dogs nancy and jane are extremely high spirited
i love dogs ! though i wish mine was more helpful while i play tennis . fetching balls . . .
i read a lot of crime novels
i tear through mystery novels like you wouldn't believe . reading rules !
i will be traveling to disney world like we do every year .
disney world ? i have never been . is your brother going also ?
the entire family is going
nice . how many in your family ?
we are doing extremely well thanks for asking how about you ?
i'm not going to disney , but i will survive ! haha . . .
haha ! like the song
ha ! i guess . when do you arrive in orlando ? how long will you stay ?
persona
i want to be a museum curator.
i am a painter.
i went to new york city once.
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
persona II
i am an orphan who was in the foster care system.
i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.
i'm in the navy.
i listen to folk music.
dialogue
hey like music ? i love it
love the beastie boys ! who do you like ?
i like folk music . just got a degree from a community college
my profession is painter , but i would rather be a museum curator .
i understand that , i'm apart of the navy
i've been to new york city one time , have you been there ?
yes i've , was a orphan there
oh , that had to be a scary time in your life .
did you like the big apple ?
yes . i was there to help a friend paint their apartment .
yes it was that's why i got a degree in communication
nice . that comes in handy in the navy .
persona
i want to go back to school.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
i want to learn self defense.
i want to move to las vegas.
my sister is my best friend.
persona II
i listen to classic rock.
i watch basketball.
i work at a smoothie shop.
i go to a local college.
dialogue
hi , you know how to make a unicorn cry ?
haha . have i seen a show about this ? i love watching shows on netflix
i love rock and go to community college . so do you know how ?
not really interested . i do want to learn a bit of self defense
hmmm . if you tell a unicorn you eat horse meat it will cry . you dance ?
a little . i miss that about school , and i would like to go back
i make and see smoothie . you ?
nah . my sister does , though . she is my best friend .
ask your sister this . what do you call a camel with 3 humps ?
are you drunk in las vegas ? i really want to move there too !
pregnant . i've a pet bird named winnie the coo .
a pet bird ? i prefer dogs , thank you very much .
get out ! me too ! but my parents said no . you draw ?
yeah . i love drawing unicorns . want to see some ?
omg ! yes ! you have any blue ones ?
i though unicorns were supposed to be white !
persona
i still live at home with my parents.
i eat all take out.
i don't want a job.
i play video games all day.
persona II
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
i live in chicago.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i have three dogs and two cats.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i'm doing well . just ate take out . how are you ?
i'm good just relaxing with my dogs and cats
that's nice . i don't have pets , my parents won't let me
i was not allowed when i was younger but now i can
do you have a job ? i wish i could get paid for playing video games
yes here in chicago working in a lawyers office
i have never been there but i have had chicago style pizza for take out
its a great city but my moms always miss me and say love you
where do your moms live ? i want to move away but that means i need a job
they live in the sunshine state florida lol
it is very pretty there . i bet they have good take out there
yeah there's a lot of takeout lol do you like games ?
i love video games . that's how i spend my days . you ?
i like to play quake on slackware linux
i like to play on my nintendo switch
persona
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
my dad was a cop.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
i'm tall.
persona II
i have been in a relationship for 2 years.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
i work at a daycare.
i'm a college student.
my major is in business administration.
dialogue
why do politicians lie a lot ?
the better to manipulate you my dear .
so i feel i cannot get married to a politician .
you can if you just open your heart
so do you forgive every one who lies to you ?
i can forgive them cause i'll soon forget them . they don't get to stick around
what if its a family member or relative you stay with ?
if i am staying with them , i'd make sure i don't compromise my housing
you send them away or ignore them ?
it would vary , but i would have a safe outlet for being upset with them
am having trouble with my cousins who lie to me and make me a fool .
try talking to them . if words don't work . so them the wrong in their ways
they pretend to listen to what i tell but make the same mistakes again .
figure out how to show them their ways . or figure out how to get out of there
they make my life a hell on earth but care for them financially in everything .
i cut off my relatives in 2011
persona
i work as a vet.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
i am a 30 year old female.
i like to ride my bike.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
i work out every other day.
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
i like to fly kites.
my car broke down last week.
dialogue
well hi there ! how are doing today ?
i am doing ok , how about yourself ?
i'm great ! i think i might finally be able to get my car fixed .
well that is fantastic new , what is wrong with it ?
shot transition , but now i think i can make the gym tonight .
do you like working out then ?
love it . what are you up to tonight ? want to come ?
well i'd , but i am on call for work
oh yeah ? where are you working these days ?
i am a vet at the local emergency animal hospital
oh wow ! that's impressive ! what are you going to do while you wait for a call ?
probably just hang out at home with my pets and my husband
you got married , too ? ! man , we need to chat more often . do you guys do anything fun ?
well he is going to culinary school , so he is teaching me to cook
persona
people notice how organized i'm.
i love to gossip.
i have never kissed a woman.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
persona II
my mother was a single mother.
i play the drums.
i m the oldest of three boys.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i am the oldest of 3 boys
cool i am 30 and i've never had a kiss . well from a woman anyways
no fun ! the drums is my thing . i play in a band .
that's awesome ! i know i'll kiss a woman one day
i am sure you'll ! my mom was also a single mom
yep like i always say if you believe it you can achieve it
yes ! where i grew up it was hard in the projects of chicago !
o wow i bet it was tough ! do you like gossip ? i love it
yes i do ! and shows that gossip !
me too ! people always say i am so organized
i'm so unorganized its bad !
i can help you fix that !
i need help in that area !
ok well you help me kiss a girl and i'll help you organize lol
sounds like a good deal to me !
do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i am quiet but confident.
i think food trucks are awesome.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i am not really a blond.
persona II
i drive a fast sports car.
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
i like the color purple.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
my credit cards are maxed out.
dialogue
hello , how was your weekend ? did you do anything fun ?
hey . i'm good i want to a food truck event . i think they are cool .
that's awesome ! i went to a car show .
big event like car shows i tend to worry about parking ; so many people .
i decided to do something that was not costly , my credit cards are overloaded .
org . . . i totally understand . that's sounded kinda like blond but i am not lol .
ll , i am thinking of going to drive my purple ferrari around town .
you are rich . wish i had money like you . my brother rise me after parents died
you have a nice brother . i bet you guys are close .
pretty close . he tells me all the time that i'm quiet but very confident .
that is great , i'm going to call my ex boyfriend now . its his birthday .
do you still like him ?
persona
i love to travel.
dogs are my favorite animal.
i like to eat pizza.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
persona II
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
i don't like vegetables.
i love to go running.
my favorite store is american eagle.
dialogue
just got back from a run . i hope we aren't having veggies again .
whats your favorite kind of food ?
i like fruit and bread but definately not veggies . you ?
pizza is definitely my favorite
yeah , that is a great food before one of my marathons
do you like to cook ?
not much but i like to eat dinner at home with the family .
do you have any pets ?
six cats and two dogs , you ?
i've dogs they are my favorite
yeah my chevy drama is great for taking the dogs camping with me
i bet . do you travel much ?
not too much , how about you ?
yeah its my favorite to do
me , i shop at american eagle . love their jeans .
very nice . i like to bake
persona
i wish i was a tiger.
i tell bad jokes on purpose.
i speak fluent german.
i am six feet tall.
persona II
i like to surf.
i'm a reality tv star.
i listen to country music.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
dialogue
hey , do you watch a lot of tv ?
yes i love watching german tv
oh , i guess you would not really watch my show then . that is fine
do you have a favorite animal ?
hmm , i spent a lot of time with elephants , maybe those .
mine is a tiger . and i'm not lion !
do you want to listen to some music ?
sure . i love polka music . what kind of music did you have in mind ?
country only if i am being honest
i'llie like country music too . as good as cash . parton my bad jokes ! hehe
i don't like jokes . they cause a lot of scenes to be messed up
ah . es tut mir leid . do you play basketball ?
not really , do you want to teach me ?
yes . it is easy when you are my height .
persona
my mom is a cancer survivor.
pizza is my favorite food.
i am single and not looking.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
persona II
i'm a waitress at a local restaurant.
i'm a casual dresser.
my car needs some repairs.
my favorite band is nirvana.
i am overall happy with life.
dialogue
hey . how are you today . do you live in the usa ?
i'm good and yes i live in the us
i work as a waitress and i am in kansas . what do you do for a living ?
i sell home insurance to people
do you like doing that job ?
yeah i do , but i would much rather be reading suspense novels
do you like music ? my favorite band is worn . i am also into nirvana .
yeah i like music but i don't really have any favorites
are you happy in your life ?
yeah i'm its mainly focused around taking care of my mom
sweet ! i'm happy too . i got married recently .
that is nice when did you get married ?
about a week ago . are you married or have any kids ?
no i'm single and i'm not looking for anyone right now
persona
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i've a terrible singing voice.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
persona II
i am currently looking for a job in baltimore.
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
i take pride in getting straight as.
god has always been put first in my life.
i am addicted to the hit show empire.
dialogue
hi , how has your day been ?
great , it was beautiful day here in north carolina . you ?
very good , the day stared with church and ended with family time .
lovely , do you have to go to work tomorrow ?
i do yes , do you ?
yes , i work at a local diner . how about you ?
i'm a teacher and i'm trying to get a job in baltimore .
do you live in baltimore ?
i don't i live just outside of baltimore . where do you live ?
i live in asheville nc . i hiked the appalachian trail this past summer .
that is exciting . who is your favorite music artist ? mine is yo gotti .
i love yo la tengo . i've never heard of yo gotti
he's a rapper . i've never heard of yo la tengo .
can you sing ? i'm a terrible singer .
i cannot sing either , but i do it in the shower ! ll
oh and i like the grateful dead . i used to follow them when they toured .
persona
my name is todd.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my favorite hero is superman.
i'm 8 years old.
persona II
i volunteer at the local humane society.
one day i'd really like to skydive.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
when i'm not touring with the band , i like to garden.
dialogue
we got 5 dogs adopted this weekend , just in time before my bands tour !
oh wow i love dogs what are their names ? ? ?
phil , bean , lester , star , and angel . not mine , i just volunteered at the humane society and helped
my dog is named clark , like clark kent .
haha does he fly ? i've always wanted to go skydiving to see what that is like .
no but one time i went on a glider with my cousin it was like flying
that sounds righteous ! when my bro and i are not touring i'm boring and garden .
my mom has a garden do you grow tomatoes ?
oh yeah , love em . my bro gets annoyed i grow a lot in our apartment haha .
i do not like them except in ketchup but sometimes they are okay
my bro does not either , but should not twins like all the same stuff ?
oh you are twins ? can you read each other minds ?
read minds ? probably not . predict his next move ? totally
so like a super power !
i wish ! can you imagine having real super powers ?
yes ! i do all the time ! i hope i get some one day
persona
i am bald with a thick beard.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
i enjoy comedies.
persona II
i usually go to bed late.
i like sports.
i am studying to be a dentist.
my favorite band is rise against.
my favorite team is the raptors.
dialogue
hey , i am in school to be a dentist . how about you ?
i've been working as a lawyer for 15 years now .
wow , that's a great profession .
i had to go through tough times in law school .
it was all worth it though ? i'm up late all night
of course ! i'm making close to 6 figures now .
exactly , do you have any hobbies ?
i write a blog critiquing films .
cool i am into sports , i like the raptors .
i've never been into sports . i would rather hit the books .
that is cool too . you are very intellectual then .
i wouldn't say very but i am flattered !
you are a lawyer so i know you have got skills .
you are just too kind person !
ll that's just my personality . i like to compliment people .
that will get you pretty far in life .
persona
i m a musician with a day job.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
lately i ve been learning how to garden.
persona II
i haven t had luck with finding a job.
i recently graduated from college.
so i started a small business.
i sell miscelaneous stuff in local fairs.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm fine just playing my electric violin
nice . what do you do for a living ?
i am a accountant and i am learning about gardens in free time
i am looking for a job ,
wow i am looking for musicians for my band do you play ?
no but i have recently graduated college
cool i enjoy my koi pond with a pet names spot
that is good i've a small business but i do not make much
but you will soon keep at it
i hope , i sell stuff at local fairs too for extra money
i love things from imagine dragons do you have any collectables ?
i have a few things that i intend to sell
i would love to visit your store
you should ! i set up every saturday at the fair
i'd be there i love to shop
persona
i love to dance.
i have asthma.
i like to go running.
i'm 6 foot tall.
persona II
my job involves building drones.
i go to multiple comic cons.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
dialogue
cheers to the weekend ! how are you ?
whoop , happy dance lol ! i'm good , how are you ?
i am well trying to determine which band tee i am going to wear
oh , nice . where are you headed ?
work , build a few drones , then comic con !
sounds like a lot of fun ! i might go for a run , nothing too exciting .
love techno music its a banger
me too , i love dancing to it !
cool we gotta party hard !
yes , for sure ! i wish the weekend was longer !
this 1 was for the holiday
oh , nice . where are you from ?
the far midwest , how about you ?
i live really far north in a really small town lol !
persona
people say i can cook well.
i can play piano.
i work at a bar.
i surf everyday.
i like to listen to country music.
persona II
my children are mostly grown.
i like to cook.
i like gardening.
i've a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
i live in a small city.
dialogue
good afternoon , have you had lunch yet ?
yes , i made a really nice roast beef sandwich . you ?
i am thinking about raiding my garden for a chicken salad . or , maybe a nice soup .
that sounds nice . i wish i had my own garden . i am a pretty good chef .
i am too . plenty of practice on my teens and pets .
what kind of music do you like ? i love country .
i love rap ! tupac is my favorite .
that is cool . they play a lot of rap at the bar where i work .
i've to drive an hour to find a bar , i live in a very small town .
my dad grew up in a town with less than 100 population .
i think there may be seventy here . maybe a few more .
wow . that is pretty small . do you ever get out to the coast ?
yes , i vacation in cali and florida both . sometimes , even mexico .
i bet there is a lot of good surfing there .
there is . i love surfing , do you ?
i am on my board every day of the week .
persona
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
i make and me by waiting tables.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
persona II
i just graduated college with my bachelor s degree in education.
i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
i love children.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
dialogue
since getting my ba in education , i just got a job at a school !
that good anyway how are you today ?
i'm super happy about it ! it is in my hometown , which is nice . you ?
just doing alright . getting ready for work . got big dreams .
what kind of dreams ? do you have kids ? i love kids .
kids is nice . all with going on in this world i just want to help .
you can help me unpack ! my new apartment is so close to work but cluttered .
would like that barley geting by almost making 2 bucks an hour
that is terrible , you need a new job .
why i got big dreams one day and thank you
i hope your dreams come true . if not , come teach with me .
like to cure people that in need . thanks for the offer though .
like a doctor ? a pediatrician could work with kids all day , like me .
one day till than the tips i make will help me with school .
persona
madonna is my sister.
i've five cats.
my favorite color is blue.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
i am next in line to become queen of england.
persona II
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i have a twin brother.
i've won tap dance competitions.
i love to bake cakes.
i'm really short.
dialogue
hellooooooo ! how are you this evening
i am doing very well , thank you . how are you sir ?
i'm good . just showing my bro my new computer .
well i'm just preparing to rule england .
wow that's crazy ! when you do i will bake you a cake
bake one for my sister too , her name is madonna .
i totes will i love to bake !
do you like tacos ? my husband owns taco bell .
org that's awesome ! i do like tacos ! do you dance ?
i like to do the tango in my blue dress , yes !
haha i'd look like a smurf in a blue dress
i do not associate with smurfs , sorry . maybe my cats would though !
oh no ! i'll just give them a tuna cake .
fair enough . enjoy your evening . conversation was easy !
persona
i've a dog that has behavioral issues.
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i love beef.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i'm in a very intimate and loving relationship.
persona II
i like to play tennis.
i am a baker.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i have 2 sisters.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am okay , i work from home on the internet , but my dog has been acting crazy
is your dog doing okay ?
yeah , just behavioral issues . i cannot wait for my husband to come home .
what does your husband do for a living ?
he's a manager of a guitar store
that is very cool . i'm a professional baker
yea it is . i enjoy playing guitar . being a baker must be a lot of fun .
it is . i love cake . i also love to play tennis
tennis is hard . . . i can only play it in video games , which i love too .
video games are fun . i like the show silicon valley
oh , my husband and i watch that show , it is very good .
i like to watch it with my sisters
oh how many sisters do you have ?
i've two . we live together
you must get along really well .
persona
i work at the local bank.
i ve been divorced for 2 years.
i m a cat person.
i love collecting teapots.
persona II
my major is in business administration.
i work at a daycare.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
i am a college student.
dialogue
i am working my way through college taking care of wee uns how about you ?
hi , teller , divorced , and collect teapots . you ?
when i get my mba i probably won't stay at the daycare though .
i used to babysit . i found out i do not like kids . you sing ?
well my mom taught me to sing along with her students .
great ! i hat two cats . john and wayne are their names .
my dad wanted me to follow in his footsteps drilling teeth . doesn't interest me though
i see . you are the first singing mba i know . you married ?
no . i want to wait until i'm fiscally solvent
hmmm . does your dad do your moms teeth ?
no she does not trust dentists . strange eh ?
get out ! me too ! how many teapots do you have ? i've 22 .
one teapot in my dorm room . needs to be cleaned .
is your mom and dad still living ? are they divorced ?
yes they are . no they are not . they are very happy
great ! how long does it take to be solvent ?
persona
i like going to canada.
i love the band van halen.
i want to be a doctor.
i play dungeons and dragons.
persona II
i m an out of work farmhand.
i'd like to move some place warmer.
i like watching reality television shows.
last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.
i live in kansas.
dialogue
my farm was stolen from the government
oh no . why ? i'm a college kid that goes to canada once a week .
it is tough in kansas . but at least i've reality television .
what reality show do you like ? i'm going to fail math because of dungeons and dragons .
i want to move to thailand .
i've friends in thailand and i wouldn't mind doing internship to be a doctor there .
foreigners can not do all the jobs . it is the law .
true but i'd like too . van halen is going to be my surgery music .
i want to farm again . i am so sad . so very sad .
that sucks that the government took your farm .
why did the bank steal my farm ? it is not fair !
did you make your payments ?
no , the bank beat me up .
i am so sorry . banks tend to want their money though .
that is why i'll go to thailand .
i really hope thailand treats you better .
persona
my husband was a career soldier.
i'm a senior citizen.
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i like to read.
persona II
i like victorian things.
i collect dolls.
i like antiques.
i am a romantic.
i like jazz.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today i love collections
i'm good , i collect books and grandchildren !
for me it is dolls and antics
very cool . how old are you ?
i'm very young but romantic
i'm old and romantic too . did you serve in the military ?
not really in victorian stuff to
i have 14 grandchildren . do you have kids ?
i m still very young like dancing jazz
i would rather read a good book . you seem nice .
i like reading books to but i m not really into it
my husband , god rest his souls , loved books about war .
oh wow that s pretty interesting
i miss him terribly . have you lost someone ?
oh i m sorry about that i misunderstood it
no worries love . life is so precious , i tell this to my grandchildren .
persona
i went to college.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i like to go shopping.
i wanted to be a nurse.
persona II
i am 26 years old.
i already have 3 children.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
dialogue
i'm 26 years of age . how about you ?
i'm older than that so what did you always want to be when you grew up ?
police officer ! sense i was a little kid .
i always wanted to help people medically
what a good choice of carrer ! congrats hun !
thanks so what is a favorite pastime of yours ?
oh gosh i have allot . being under the age of 21 was nice .
i liked being seeing the sites of different towns
yea been a photographer for awhile . same here !
have you ever gone to take extra classes to get a carreer ?
i have almost finished with it too ! just gotta finish one book .
yeah i went to take extra classes too its rough
yeah just glad though school has started . keeps my mind busy .
yes that is very true and it pays off in the end too
persona
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i am an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
persona II
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
i love to travel.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i am a 43 year old woman.
my hair is short and pink.
dialogue
hey what is your deal ?
i teach the eight grade , what about you ?
i've two arms covered in tats so no teaching .
i read the bible every night
is 43 too old for a woman to have pink hair ?
i like older women so not at all
excellent . my truck driving days may be at an end soon though . do you like work ?
not as much as i love travelling
that is a good priority to have
gotta have goals in life right ?
absolutely you need goals . do you play soccer ?
i've but not really
neither do i really . i just run .
running sound like a lot of fun
it is so much fun but you need good shoes
are shoes that important ?
persona
i'm a military veteran.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i've been married for 20 years.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
my favorite sport is football.
persona II
i like to create art.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
my favorite band is ween.
i'm an older guy.
i love to work in my garden.
dialogue
hi there hows your day going ?
it is going slowly but making the bucks . how you doing ?
well i hear that what do you like to eat ?
animals . i work at a shelter sometimes and take home the surplus .
lol i like sushi and some pizza
oh sushi ! i want to go to tokyo . do you travel ?
yes but i'd prefer working on my garden
so are you into finding new societies and things ?
not really i tend to keep to my self now that i am older
ok that's a good ending
yea what are your plans for the week
i think i will drink some water and continue being married .
haha yea water is always good specially when ice cold
also being married for decades is nice . are you ?
yes for 35 years now
oh wow even longer than me . happy ?
persona
i have not gone home in over two years.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i can speak three languages.
i'm currently traveling in japan.
persona II
i wish my boyfriend didn't want an open relationship.
i want to get married again.
i have 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i am angry at my coworker.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
good . . how about you today ? ?
kind of depressing . my boyfriends want to stay in an open relationship .
so . . whats the problem ? you don't like him ?
i love him . i do not love the open relationship . i am ready to be married again .
if you love the person . . its ok to be on open relationship . .
yes , but i am also so mad at a coworker . just a stressful weekend .
it happens some times . . got to go along with that
i guess its just i've 10 years more experience but she gets promoted !
many things plays in office politics . .
yes . so lets talk about you . enough about me and my problems .
i'm a plain simple guy . . take it easy attitude
persona
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
i'm an army ranger.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
persona II
i like to go out to eat.
i like listening to other rap music too.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i also enjoy cooking.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i like to pay guitar . you ?
i play the drums ! what kind of music do you play ?
i listen to a little bit of everything .
nice ! i listen to a lot of rap , especially drake
oh . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a chef , i love to cook
i love being an army ranger .
wow ! do you have a lot of time for other activities ?
yes , when i'm not deployed .
are you deployed at the moment ?
no , but i leave in three weeks .
are you nervous ? what will you do in the meantime ?
a little . i'm going to miss my kids and wife .
you should go out to dinner with them . i love going out to eat .
i enjoy going out to eat too .
persona
i love pizza.
going to the beach is my favorite past time.
i like reading mystery novels.
my son is a football player.
persona II
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i am 50 years old.
i enjoy ice cream.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm great . how are you ?
feeling pretty sad that my husband no longer wants the kids so they are all my responsibility
that's very sad . i could not imagine it without my son .
it is sad . we have four kids and a couple of dogs
that's a lot of responsibility
yes , even at my age of 50
oh wow . you have a lot to do .
yes , maybe i should indulge in some icecream . i do like that
and some pizza . pizza is the best .
what else do you like ?
i like to walk on the beach
that sounds like it would be relaxing
it is very nice and peaceful
persona
my dog is the ring bearer.
i am getting married next week.
my family hates my fiance.
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
persona II
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i work from home.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i like cosplay.
i love watching tv and movies.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
pretty good what about you
you know , just watching tv and movies
cool , are you married ?
no , i enjoy game of thrones too much
that is cool cool , i am getting married soon but my family doesn't like my fiance
oh that's too bad , try taking them to a renaissance fair
hmmm maybe i could try that haha
do you have a job ?
yes i am self employed , what about you
i mostly work at home but i often do outside jobs
that is cool , our dog will be out ring bearer
do you enjoy cosplay ? i do
what is that ? not sure
we dress up as characters from famous movies and act
oh okay , sounds like fun , never did that tho
persona
i enjoy going to festivals.
i recently started working online.
i eat meat.
my friends don t call my by my real name.
my favorite band is the story so far.
persona II
i like reading a lot.
i like watching the walking dead.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
dialogue
hello , hare you doing this day ?
i am great , catching up on work
ok . i am reading game of thrones now .
i am great , catching up on work
great harry potter is my favorite .
i'm great , catching up on work
you like the walking dead right . i do
i work online for a tax company . game of thrones is cool
do you read anything else
walking dead is cool . . . i like mysteries
really . i think that law and order books are good to
i like the tv show
i just love reading books and watch sci fi movies .
i go to festivals with my friends
i'm getting ready to go to the fair this october
i love the fair especially the food
persona
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
i love to read books.
my favorite number is 7.
i'm a deaf man.
i never learned how to drive.
persona II
i work at a power plant.
i live in california.
my favorite thing to do is read.
my newest car is a chevy.
dialogue
good evening how are you ?
i'm good , just finished reading my 7th book for the year !
oh that is amazing i love reading , mysteries are my favorite .
all 7 of them were mysteries ! what a coincidence .
crazy . where are you located ? i am in santa monica , california .
i am in delaware . never left .
ah you should visit by car even if you can its a beautiful drive .
i do not know how to drive , but maybe one day .
i just got a new chevy bolt its very efficient .
oh that is very nice , what color ?
kinetic blue metallic . everyone at work loves it .
very nice . lots of cool points for you .
i'm the supervisor at a power plant so it really sets the tone .
i work from home . i'm deaf so its just easier for me .
persona
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
persona II
i enjoy ice cream.
i'm 50 years old.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
dialogue
hello how are you ?
i am doing well . how about you ?
enjoying some ice cream before i pick up my 4 kids from school
wow four kids must be wold . are you canadian ?
no i'm american . 4 kids is a lot . my husband doesn't want them
oh , i think canadian women are so hot . that is sad about your husband
50 years old and i am stuck with 4 kids he doesn't want . and 2 dogs
oh you can leave , i bet you are a treasure . do you like hiking ?
no time to hike with all these kids . do you hike ?
yeah up volcanoes . it is exciting
wow that sounds really fun . what else do you enjoy ?
ginger snaps , i'm like addicted . what about you ?
i really love ice cream but no time for other pleasures
oh , you should start a rose garden
persona
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
i want to be a famous actor.
my english isn't very good yet.
i love to walk my dog everyday after work.
persona II
i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.
i work in academia at a local university.
i'm committed to the environment.
i live in nashville.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
greetings , i'm do well thank you . how are you today ?
fine just looking at the nashville news .
i am new to america . nashville good place to live ?
yes it is , i love shopping at the farmer market every week .
i walk my animal past market everyday after work . what is your favourite thing to purchase ?
i recycle my plastic and paper trash to show my commitment to the environment .
is that what farmer market is for ?
i work part time as a clerk at the local university .
i take acting classes at a university . which university you work ?
nashville university , you can buy all organic products there .
you have passion for environment . very honourable
yes i believe in keeping the planet safe .
when i become famous actor , i wish to keep strong morals like you
you will be a awesome actor just keep the faith .
i try very hard . i moved to los angeles to pursue . hopefully it pays off
persona
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i m in my last year of grad school.
i love trips to the beach.
i m the world s best aunt.
persona II
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i got hired as a security guard.
i can beat anyone in chess.
i simply walk around when i've nothing to do.
dialogue
hey , what is up ? what are you up to ?
hello tell me about yourself
i can beat you in chess probably
i can beat you at cooking italian food
maybe . i am almost blind .
that sucks i love looking a the beach seeing the waves
i saw a solar eclipse before with no glasses
oh no ! that sounds painful
that is why i'm kind of blind
now you have learned your lesson i guess
i got a job though recently
where at if you don't mind me asking ?
at a club . a security person
nice do not throw people out to hard
i will try not to . i want to be nice .
you'd be the first , can you carry a firearm
persona
i like listening to other rap music too.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i also enjoy cooking.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i like to go out to eat.
persona II
i like to cook.
i got married when i was young.
i moved to america when i was 14.
my parents do not really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
dialogue
only a few minutes to chat while the red sauce simmers . dinner for 17 !
noah , a lot of friends coming tonight ! can i help ?
just the family . italians . italian americans . my folks are 1st generation .
momma mia ! let me play some music while you cook !
as long as its not rap . my husband is older and does not like all the noise .
oh . trust me , you wo not regret listening ! its so great ! ! drake is amazing .
ink drake . i'm only stateside few years since i was 14 .
well . . . i can play the drums while you simmer that pasta !
just don't drum loudly . my marriage is still new i turned 19 last march .
okay , i will drum softly as you stir the marinara . . . .
excellent ! and you can quietly tell me more about who drake is .
he's a real man , a well spoken rapper ! just listen to hotline being and you will know
hey , now . i thought we agreed no rap ? ! ?
when hubby gone just sneak over to youtube and prepare to have your mind blown !
persona
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my favorite band is u2.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my life s passion is designer french fries.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
persona II
i drive only toyota.
i talk a lot in irc.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i like pepsi.
superman s my favorite super hero.
dialogue
hello . how are tonight ? i just enjoyed a freshly baked cookie with chocolate chips
my head hurts , thanks for asking . sounds like you are good tonight with that cookie .
do you have a headache ? yes , a good cookie does wonders .
yeah , i have a headache . i think it is from falling up the stairs earlier today .
i'm so sorry . please be careful of head injury . did you get checked out ?
nah , i do not make enough money to take useless visits to the hospital .
. . . been there . i'd drive you if you live nearby , and pay for your visit .
that is very generous of you ! but we must be aware of stranger danger too .
okay . i feel safe in my toyota . my forever car .
my favorite car brand is honda , i think my civic will actually last a lifetime .
yes , a relative had one for years and years . do you have a favorite superhero ?
no , not unless my company makes a french fry superhero . what do you do for work ?
i work for pepsi . and it is my favorite soda .
i work for del taco , i'm a researcher . what do you do for pepsi ?
persona
green is my favorite color.
i'm an aspiring singer.
i enjoy playing tennis.
my father worked for ge.
i love animals.
persona II
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i believe in aliens.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
dialogue
good morning how are you today ?
pretty good . i love the color green its my fave color .
does anything annoy you ? i get annoyed tidying up after my family .
a lot of things but i get over them . i play tennis
that is a good way to live . where do you work ?
i am an animal activists . so i work with animals . and love it
awesome ! that's great . personally i would rather eat for a living .
my dad is head engineer for ge .
that's a fantastic job . do you think there's life out there in the universe ?
i'm hoping to be an aspiring singer . all that lessons i have taken will be beneficial .
can you really hope to be an aspiring singer ?
well i do hope , but not sure . i mean i do my best to have faith though .
ah i see what you mean . but do you think there are ufos ?
i do not know . even though people have proven them it is on youtube .
i do not trust youtube videos . it makes me sad .
yeah sometimes you do not know what you are actually watching
persona
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
my left knee is filled with metal.
i've 3 dogs and a parrot.
my family means the world to me.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
persona II
i prefer summer.
i love butterflies.
i don't like dresses.
my favorite hero is flash.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing great . how about you ?
i am alright just hating this weather
cold weather bothers me since metal fills my left knee .
summer is definitely my favorite
so are you married ? i've a husband that plays bingo with me every wednesday .
i'm not . do you like the flash ?
i did as a girl . jazz is another thing i enjoyed , too . got any pets ?
i don't but i enjoy butterflies
do you like dogs ? i've 3 . how about birds ? i've a parrot .
they're alright but butterflies rule
what means the world to you ? mine is my family .
to me its summer for sure
i like the summer too since that's when we play the most bingo .
persona
i want to go to mars.
i am an avid artist.
i am a scientist.
i know karate.
i've 3 kids.
persona II
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
dialogue
how are you ? i'm home making music with fart noises with my armpits .
i'm good . haha that sounds hilarious
it is fun ! when i was a child i was a superman fan .
i believe superman should have been from mars . i love mars .
i'd like to visit mars . i am afraid of heights . what are your hobbies ?
martial arts , science , and i love being creative artistically
all my ex girlfriends have cheated on me , but not my current one . . . yet . . . lol
that's very bad luck . maybe it is karma
i hope this one sticks . i'm very happy now .
i'm happy for you . i hope my kids are happy in the future .
i hope your kids make good choices , and don't cheat on their significant others . . lol
i hope so too ! i will go ninja on them if they don't .
do what you gotta do ! don't mess with me !
lol don't get on my bad side !
how old are you children ?
5 weeks , 2 1 2 , and 5 . they're awesome
persona
i go to high school.
math is my favorite subject.
i live in the united states.
i am a boy.
persona II
i've survived near death experiences.
i sometimes drive fast.
i am a gentle giant.
my family comes first to me.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
good how are you doing ? are you in school
i am not , are you ?
yes , i am in high school
wow , do you like it ? my nickname was gentle giant in high school .
i do like it , i love math
that will come in handy , what do you want to do for work ?
i want to work for nasa . where do you live
that is really cool ! i live in california on the beach , how about you ?
i live in nevada , not near the beach at all
sounds hot but i bet you can drive fast on the highways there .
i could if i had a car
maybe your family will buy you one , nothing better than family .
i agree but my dad says i've to work for it
that makes sense , they can be dangerous too . i have had near death experiences in cars .
yikes , what happened , was everyone ok
persona
i am an engineer.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i love to dance salsa.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
persona II
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
spiders scare the life out of me.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i always put my left sock on first.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm great thank you for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i'm involved with bitcoins how about you ?
i am a full time student
that's interesting i graduated with an engineering degree
what do you do for a living ?
i invest in bitcoins like i said , yourself ?
i've no idea what that is
digital currency do you travel any ?
i can't i'm a starving student
i'm sorry i do instruct salsa lessons too lol
persona
i like tacos.
i enjoy swimming.
my favorite color is orange.
i'm a secretary.
i've 3 cats.
persona II
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was born in australia.
i've traveled to both ireland and australia.
i like to travel.
dialogue
hi , nice to meet you . where are you from ?
thank you too . i am from maine . you ?
i'm in the states as well . how are you doing today ?
very well , eating my favorite food . tacos . you ?
i'm just looking up places to travel to
cool you should go to london
i have been there before , as well as ireland and australia .
sounds amazing . do you have any pets ?
no i do no . how about you ?
yeah i have a gang of cats , well just 3 really
oh nice . what kind are they ?
i can not tell , they were feral
oh i see . did you get them from the shelter ?
nope , they were in a box on the side of the road , i felt sad for them
persona
my mother is a librarian.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i'm going to school for writing.
persona II
i'm pretty poor financially.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i have a few pet iguanas.
i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i am pretty bored if i am being honest
that sounds awful why do you feel that way
i finished sorting all the books at the library
do you work at the library ?
i just help out there , my mom works there
how long has she worked there
for a long time . why ? do you love her ?
no , i was just curious
oh , what do you do ?
i like to read a lot
will you read to me ?
what do you like to read
anything fun and cool and magical
persona
i enjoy reading history books.
i love to dance.
i grew up in new hampshire.
my favorite food is mexican.
persona II
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
my favorite band is creed.
i'm a carnivore.
my father is in prison.
dialogue
hey how is it going ? any advice on avoiding impulse ?
hey whats up ? well i'm a dancer . that usually keeps my mind calm
sweet . i am too poor for that . welfare since last month , wanting to walk into traffic since .
well do not do that . just go get some mexican food . always makes me happy
like that , well any meat i love meat so much !
oh yea ? where are you from ?
the south , you can tell by my love of creed ! how about you ?
well i gre up in new hamshire . not real familiar with the south lol
well , i'm sorta typical . incarcerated father , impulse issues . any other hobbies ?
just dancing . i do love history though . i read history books constantly
really ? i don't read much . anything on making wealth ?
no not really . i am just infatuated with history for some reason
persona
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
people say i've a cute laugh.
i working in a publishing building.
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
persona II
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
i like to surf every chance i get.
i m saving for college.
i love the snow.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
dialogue
do you want to go surfing with me ?
hello how are you yes , i would enjoy that
i am okay , i am a little stressed if i am being honest .
what time are you expected to leave ? where is the meeting point ?
at the hotel , when i get off work maybe .
honesty is always best . whats up ? why stressed ? can i help ?
not saving money very well i guess
please be more specific . lots of places are near by
for college , i am poor
totally relatable . that can be a stressor
do you want to give me money
ask your boss for more hours .
i did he said no chance
when we are done surfing lets go to a rummage sale .
i guess that sounds fine . will you buy me something ?
they're always fun . lots of cool stuff
persona
i am a very funny woman.
i drive a honda car.
i own 3 cats.
i deliver packages for a living.
i love candy.
persona II
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i've three beautiful dogs and one cat.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i live with my wife and kids.
my name is william , but people call me bill.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hello ! it is a great night . watching netflix with my 3 cats .
hi ! i'm bill , getting ready to go to bed , farming is early work .
i've no idea what it is like to be a farmer . i'm a city girl
i know nothing else , you can come visit our cattle ranch .
that would be great . is it in texas ?
no , outside of grand rapids .
is that grand rapids , michigan ?
yes , it is . about 25 miles away .
okay . that sounds lovely . do you live with your family ?
yes , my wife and i've four small boys .
nice . i am a cat lady with a honda who works for fedex
we have a barn cat , she is very fiesty .
what is her name ? my cats are oreo , bacon and fluffy
she's panzer . the dogs are ; sherman , bradley and patton .
oh ! you have 3 dogs ! nice .
persona
i enjoy hiking.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i am a vegan.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
persona II
i have lived a very sheltered life.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i am 17.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
things are going good tonight . how about you ?
i am doing quite fine
just got back from a hike . so much fun . what do you do for fun ?
i am pretty sheltered i just want to let loose
do it ! favorite foods ? i don't eat meats , or dairy .
i eat it all . are you a vegan ?
yea . i was not grown up that way , but am since following that diet .
pretty cool . i go to catholic school right now
good education i believe . i'm an accountant . only 3 months .
i live in new england . do you know what that's ?
yes , east coast . i am also from the east coast .
not bad , i can not wait to raise hell
have you heard of mary jane fashions ? my mother created that .
that is amazing , i have never heard about it .
that is okay . so what are you going to do to raise hell ? !
persona
i love gummy bears.
i've 3 roommates.
i'm lactose intolerant.
i've a parakeet.
my favorite color is orange.
persona II
i like vintage furniture.
i've a large cd collection.
i collect stamps.
favorite band is the beetles.
i play the bass.
dialogue
hey do you like musicians ?
well all three of my room mates are musicians so i guess so lol
like cds or mp3s i have a big collection .
i use mostly mp3s . . . easy and more convenient !
yea you do lol i love the beetles .
oh yeah they're classic ! i like mostly country music
i play my fav instrument too the bass .
oh interesting ! what else do you do for fun ?
collect a few things , how about you ?
hang out with our parakeet . . go running . . what do you collect ?
stamps stamps stamps lots of them .
i see . . i collect gummy bears . usually eat my collection daily , i love them !
lol ! i like vintage pieces also .
me too , always interesting . do u have any pets ?
persona
i like comic books and anime.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i play a lot of video games.
i am gay but i've not told my parents yet.
i take things very literally.
persona II
i like meat too much.
i do the shopping in my house.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i am lazy and pork tastes good.
dialogue
hi , any good tips on becoming a vegetarian ?
no haha , i love meat , are trying to be healthier
me too . i want to try it but meat is just sooo good
yes it is , i eat steak an play my video games other than that . . .
ll . . cool pork rinds are my things
haha , give me some good steak i'm good , everything else seems so stressful with my life
what is going on in your life ?
well some things i've not told my parents not sure how they will take it
i'm sure your parents are understanding
well maybe not with this , i play games to forget about it
you want to tell me about it ?
its one of those closet situations hard to say
persona
i am from baltimore md.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i am a medical file clerk.
i've six tattoos , all of cats.
i've a pencil thin mustache.
persona II
i like to race rc cars.
i have a pet husky.
i live in the great white north.
i like to play nintendo.
i love to eat fish.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi i'm good . . . good whether here in baltimore this morning . . enjoyed the picnic
ver nice . i've spent the day inside playing on my nintendo .
cool . . i wish to play those video games when i was a kid
what do you like to do ?
my work takes all of my time . . a clerk fr a medical company
that sounds exciting . do you like it ?
little bit . . its a daily routine . .
what is your favorite food ?
i love hotdogs . . i make them aswell
cool , i love hot dogs with mac and cheese . i also enjoy a good fish fillet .
cool . . what are your hobbies ? ?
persona
i grew up on a farm.
i like going to rock concerts.
on weekends i go out with friends.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
persona II
i've blue eyes.
my favorite season is spring.
i hate to lose.
my father died when i was 2.
dialogue
hi my eyes are blue
um okay ! so what do you do ?
i hate loosing no matter what i do
another strange response . . . i don t mind loosing
my dad passed away when i was only 2
i m sorry to hear that . i spent my childhood on the farm
i can not stand it here
where is here exactly ? why is it so bad ?
on this farm in ohio
i loved the farm . i go back with my friends on the occasional weekend
that must be fun then
sure then we cook a huge traditional breakfast with bacon and eggs the next morning
that sounds like something i would like
either that or we all go see a rock show for the weekend
persona
i have a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
persona II
i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
i use to be a wild child.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
dialogue
are you a dog lover ?
i love animals more than most people
i've two dogs ; bully breeds . it is hard to live in the city with them .
yeah , people get nervous around them . . . what do you like to do for fun ?
i visit the city , but i prefer to stay in the country or hit puerto rico
hit puerto rico ? your name maria ?
how did you know ? ! maria loca was my name in my crazy years .
lol they called my sister joy in my prime , but my kids keep me busy now
how many ? i was quit the rebellious one dressed in red and blue .
2 boys . . . why red and blue ?
that's my favorite combination of colors . maybe because they make purple .
i do love purple . . . the only good thing about my kids school
the school color is purple ? what grades are they in ?
11th and 9th . . . yellow and purple actually
persona
i like the beatles.
i am in gymnastics.
my parents were scientists.
i am well built and tall.
i work as a scientist.
persona II
my friends tell me that i am a neurotic hypochondriac.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
dialogue
is the holy spirit with you ? i'm a follower of seventh day adventist faith .
no , i wasn't raised religious . sorry .
not a problem . i will not preach .
no worries , how are you tonight ?
i'm good . just going over lessons for my elementary school students tomorrow . yourself ?
also good , just got home from practice now going over sample results .
oh , that sounds dirty . i am always getting sick . i am told i am a hypochondriac .
the opposite actually , developing a new grease solvent
that sounds quite interesting . have you had dinner ?
i had a protein shake when i got home . what did you have ?
i had some tofu . i follow a strict vegan diet .
oh interesting , is that because of your faith ?
somewhat , but i just want to keep healthy so i don't get sick .
well meat can be part of a healthy diet , but if it works for you
persona
i have a golden retriever.
i like to hike.
i work in advertising.
my mother is dead.
persona II
i like football.
my friends like watching it to.
its great fun.
dialogue
hi , i am jake , and i like watching football with my friends .
ho i love hiking in the outdoors
that's fun , too . do you play sports ?
i like outdoor exercising better than organized sports
how about watching sports ?
yeah i like watching sports whos your fave football team
manchester united ! yours ?
lol thought we were talking about american football
well , then dallas cowboys !
they are great ! i'm more of a giants fan myself
what do you like the most about football ?
throwing a party with my friends to watch the games
haha , me too ! watching with friends is the best .
do you have a job ?
persona
i have two older brothers.
my passion is photography.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm a freshman at nyu.
persona II
my mother was a nurse.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i'm gong to adopt a dog very soon.
i'm a violinist.
i have played since i was 4 years old.
dialogue
i am glad that my nurse is my mom
i am a college student studying nursing .
oh wow . please try my new discovered indian food
i prefer american food living on the east coast of the us .
and i'm getting a dog very soon
i love to photograph animals and people .
how about music ? are you into it ?
i'm not much for music just photography .
i play the violin you might like it
i may get to try that next semester during my music class here at nyu .
coz i started when i was 4 til now
that is impressive . my older brother plays drums .
are you playing anything as of now ?
no . do you play any other instruments ?
i can sing , is that gonna count
i don't think so .
persona
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
persona II
sometimes i go to yoga classes.
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
i live in a big city.
i like italian cusine.
dialogue
hey there , how are you tonight ?
good ! ready to hit the sack . i'm a teacher for 6th grade so i get up early !
wow that must be a rewarding job .
its challenging ! i also coach volleyball . what about you ?
wow that's intense . i just have a regular office job 9 to 5
so what do you do for fun ?
sometimes i attend yoga classes . you ?
do not tell my students , but i sing karaoke on friday nights !
that sounds like a good time . do you live in the city ?
i do ! i love being able to catch the football home games !
i live in the city too . have you ever left the country ?
only once ! it was a long plane ride ! thank goodness for crosswords and crochet !
no doubt , i went to italy on holiday once
that's so fun ! i'm starving ! i'm going to eat an apple even though i'm totally allergic
well be careful , what will happen ?
i just puff up . not enough of a reaction to get me to stop eating them
persona
i love to play basketball.
my wife is a hairdresser.
i work in car sales.
my favorite beer is coors.
i drive an acara.
persona II
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
i like to play basketball.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i've a cat named mater.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
hey i am good how are you
i'm great , i just back from the store with my grandma
cute do you spend a lot of time with her
all the time , she takes care of me
that is so sweet of her do you work
i just go to school
are you in high school or college
i am just in high school
cool do you have any college plans
i want to study business
that's great in in sales
yeah there is alot of opportunity there
yeah do you like to play sports
persona
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
i draw comic books.
persona II
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
dialogue
hello ! how are you tonight ?
doing alright . i have the night off . you ?
i've the weekend off too . i'm a software developer .
wow , awesome . i just work at a grocery store right now .
that is still nice . are you a checker ?
i mostly just do whatever they need from me .
do you like it ? i feel stuck in my job .
mostly it is just a way to pay the bills . i want to go back to school .
i understand . it is not fun to feel stuck in your job . depressing .
for sure . why is yours wearing you down ?
i went to school for software development but feel trapped .
do you have any opportunities for change or advancement ?
just to be a boss . that is not my style .
yeah , you have to really want it .
what do you want to go to school for ?
i want to be a graphic designer .
persona
i'm currently going to school to be an artist.
i have a small pet cat.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm twenty one years old.
persona II
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i live with my wife and kids.
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i've three beautiful dogs and one cat.
my name is william , but people call me bill.
dialogue
hey , what do you want to call me ?
i will call you whiskers after my cat .
i wanted you to say bill . but that's fine .
i can call you bill . what will you call me ?
beautiful . is that okay ? do not tell me wife
i can live with that . tell me something about yourself .
i'm from michigan . i've some pets
cool . i'm from new york and have a small cat .
i've a cat too . how amazing
mine is named rose after my favorite flower .
is everything about you beautiful ?
the artist in me says beauty is subjective . but yes .
that is so deep and cool .
thanks . is there anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
persona
i'm a steelers fan.
i enjoy broadway shows.
i am a psychology major.
i love to travel.
persona II
i play football.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i'm an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
my position is linebacker.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i'm good ! how are you ?
doing well ! i just finished practice for football . do you like sports ?
yes i do . i'm a huge steelers fan
oh no ! i play for the ravens . i'm a linebacker for them
you play professional football ? that is awesome
yeah , i really enjoy it . what do you do for a career ?
i went to college for psychology !
ah , that's an area of interest to me , but was never very good at it .
what do you do for a career ? do you work in an area you enjoy ?
i play professional football . i had a good season last year with 128 tackles
i love traveling , maybe i can come to a game sometime
persona
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
i love the snow.
i m saving for college.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
i like to surf every chance i get.
persona II
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i sing many songs.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
i'm a happy person.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
hey ! i'm doing great , thanks , how are you ?
i'm doing well . only have 2 hrs left at work
nice ! where do you work ?
i work at a telecommunication center . and sing happy songs
cool . at least you get to work in the daytime , right ? i do a graveyard shift .
i use to do that . i do not want to again . lol
i kind of have to . i am trying to save up tuition money .
i completely understand . do you like to read
i'm more of a movie guy . . . i love robert deniro . do you know his work ?
i do actually . what is your favorite movie of his
i love them all . i watch them online every chance i get .
i understand that lol . i like to sing
cool ! what is your favorite song ?
my favorite band is the lumineers
i am afraid that i don't know them . i spend most of my time surfing .
persona
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
i'd also like to study abroad in spain.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
persona II
my mother is a librarian.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i often help her sort books in the library.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
pretty good and yourself on this day ?
i'm good , do you have any fun plans for this evening ?
just watching football . i'm a hugeeee nfl fan .
nice , i am a patriots fan tough loss for us on thursday night
i am a bills fan . dunno if we can talk now .
its ok , we are doing this for money . there's an incentive for us to get along ll
true , i've season tickets .
i know 2 guys at work who have season tickets to the pats
if i see them i'll boo and hiss at them for you .
ll your qb buy his diamond laden mouthguard yet ? ? ?
where are you from ? i am theoretically from syracuse , ny .
persona
i eat meat.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i recently started to work online.
my favorite band is the story so far.
persona II
i am a simple man.
i usually catch sunfish.
i like fishing.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
dialogue
hey there , how are you doing tonight ?
just getting done with work . how are you ?
i am good ; looking forward to going fishing in the morning . that is about it .
what kind of fish are you going for ? i love to eat it .
sunfish , my friend . there's none better .
how do you like to cook it ?
any which way . its all good as long as its served with a beer !
smoked salmon is awesome too !
indeed it is ! you and i might need to meet up at the creek sometime .
that would be great . i'll bring my guitar
and you play ? ! yes sir or is it ma am ?
i have traveled and played for several shows across the us .
persona
i have lived in several different states.
i have a cat named kj.
i like to cook.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
persona II
i wear glasses.
i am a childrens librarian.
i've no children of my own.
i am recently divorced.
i am very shy.
dialogue
hello , there . this is sheena
hello , this is kj . how are you ?
i am very well . just put down a book
i am just relaxing and watching blue bloods . how is your weekend going ?
i have never heard of that show . quiet , just how i like it . just like the library
good for you , sometimes i take out books there .
i am a librarian for children , i just love books and quiet .
i like a bit of that from time to time . i also like being outside
that is very nice . i should spend more time outdoors , and with others
fresh air is good for you , and exercise . why i like it
my ex husband exercised twice a day , maybe that's why i have an aversion
that's still no reason to be lazy , moderate exercise is good
i am not lazy , i just do not like to exercise .
to each their own i guess
persona
i am a pediatrician.
i am a family man.
i am married with 2 children.
i like to bowl.
persona II
i've two pet dogs.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i'm a farmer.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i hope to travel the world one day.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
hi , i'm doing well , how are you ? tell me about yourself !
i farm as my work , hobby i like to take photos and hike
oh great , i love taking photos too and my passion is bowling .
sounds nice ! what is your favorite type of music ?
i love listening to jazz with my wife and two kids ! you ?
i love listening to rock music ! !
oh yes , rock is awesome too ! i work as a pediatrician . you ?
like i've mentioned , i work on the farm
oh yes , you did ! doing mostly what jobs may i ask ?
plowing the field , feeding the cows . i work mostly wit livestock .
that sounds cool , a family guy like myself would really enjoy that !
persona
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i'm dating my boss.
i work at a real estate office.
i'm in my 20s.
i love to sing.
persona II
i avoid eating sugar.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i am caucasian.
dialogue
hi how is your day ? i love to play volleyball , basketball etc what about you ?
i can't believe i work in real estate
how long have you worked in real estate are you a real estate agent ?
no i am not but i am working on it , the boss is my man lo
that is good keep at your dream . i want to one day invest in a multifamily property
i am in my late 20s an love to hit a note or 2 singing
that is great do u play any instruments ?
yes me too he is teaching me so much .
that is great do you eat healthy ?
how is life where you located ?
going through personal issue stressful times taking one day at a time
yes i do alot do you ?
yes i do too its better too see the good than the bad
well i'm guessing you are busy also
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i've blonde hair.
i like skateboarding.
i am in high school.
i am a female.
persona II
i m an out of work farmhand.
i would like to move some place warmer.
i live in kansas.
i like watching reality television shows.
dialogue
i wish they would put the first season of survivor on demand cable !
just stream it , like me , a girl
i m not that good at technology . and don t have much money
install kodi , everything is on there .
thank you . i ll look that up on youtube after i m done watching big brother .
do you have any pets ?
yes . a lizard . who is really upset like me that its getting cold already .
i am a blonde today
there are lots of blondes on the mtv beach house show too .
do they skateboard like i do ?
no , they seem to flirt a lot . i wish i lived in california instead of kansas
do you have any pets ?
i used to take care of cows before the dairy farm shut down .
i used to look after clowns at teh circus
i bet you didn t milk them like i did the cows !
i lured them in with pizza
persona
i work in the military.
i've been all over the world.
i like things that explode.
i also like kittens.
brownies are my favorite dessert.
persona II
i'm a perfectionist.
if things aren't done right i'll redo them again and again.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i work too much.
i think i need a vacation.
dialogue
i need some advice on where to go on vacation , have you been anywhere lately ?
i have been all over the world . i'm military .
that is good you have alot of travel experience
sure do . and a lot of experience blowing things up ! haha . bora bora is nice .
i've been working non stop crazy hours and need a break .
the best breaks are spent with cute cuddly kittens .
bora bora sounds nice , you have been there before ?
nope . . . just sounds nice , and repetitive . bora . . . bora . ha !
kittens really ? i rather be at the beach .
only if the beach was covered in kittens !
that would be a sight to see .
or maybe brownies . . . i love chocolate .
i love brownies too but i haven't quite perfected mine yet .
well i'm available to taste test !
persona
i am tired of having to read subtitles.
i hope to save enough money for it.
i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
i started learning japanese at college.
persona II
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i hate movie subtitles , they make me sleepy
okay but i asked how you were doing ? i am listening to seiber
one day i'll have enough money for something
you aren't very smart are you ?
manga shows are my favourite hobby
i am a mother of two boys who i am happy aren't as dumb as you
university is where i learned nihonga
i'm surprised you learned anything at all
i'm very weary of subtitles
do you also like little boys ?
i trained the japanese language in my tertiary schooling
persona
i love to travel.
my hair is short and pink.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i am a 43 year old woman.
persona II
i grew up in new hampshire.
i love to dance.
my favorite food is mexican.
i enjoy reading history books.
i'm a teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i am doing great , how about you ?
i'm well where do you work ?
i'm a freight truck driver , how about you ?
i am a teacher . get those kids in the right mindset .
haha , right . well i am probably a bad example . i have short pink hair .
individuality is fine though . free expression .
i am glad you think so , i am 43 so it keeps me young . do you like teaching ?
i do but i also enjoy dancing
me too , i love dancing . i also love traveling
i would hope so ! where are you from ?
i am from california , and you ?
new hampshire . people forget we are a state
i agree with that , i've never been there .
what is your favorite food ?
i love mexican food , do you have a favorite ?
ll mexican is my favorite too .
that's awesome . nice talking to you
persona
i go to a local college.
i work at a smoothie shop.
i listen to classic rock.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
persona II
i am a graduate student.
i volunteer with dogs.
i'm in between classes.
i m always early.
dialogue
good afternoon . how are you doing ,
i'm doing well today , thank you for asking .
sure . do you like dogs ?
i do like dogs but i've 6 cats and no dogs .
i try to volunteer at the shelter with dogs so i see them all day .
do you enjoy working with dogs ?
i love it . they're great creatures .
i enjoy what i do , i serve smoothies at a smoothie shop
sounds like a delicious job . haha ! fun one to have .
lol . . yeah i guess but i also attend a local college in the process .
i go to college , but currently am between classes .
that's cool . what kind of music do you like ? i like classic rock .
i do too . and also 90s alternative .
awesome ! what kind of food do you like ? i enjoy a vegetarian diet .
i prefer italian cuisine and trying new foods .
i have a large family . what about you ?
persona
i received a full scholarship to florida state university.
i just bought my first car.
i'm going to majoring in business.
i'm eighteen years old.
i just graduated high school with honors.
persona II
i enjoy reading.
i work in the emergency room.
i'm a nurse.
i'm divorced.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
dialogue
i want to read a book want to join
sure i don't mind . what book ?
i do not care ever since the divorce i read everything
i'm not sure what that means . what else do you do ?
i work at a hospital how about you
that is good , i am ok thanks for asking .
i work in the er it is nasty
i bet , i am going to major in business .
do you like dr pepper i love it
i do not really drink soda but that would be my first choice .
i love it i can not get enough
i do not think soda is good for you .
i know but i can not help it
well i'm only eighteen year old , so your in charge .
persona
i love to save money.
i'm a couponed.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
my skin is olive colored.
my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
my eyes are green.
i want to be a librarian.
dialogue
hello , my name is kim and i have olive skin and green eyes .
hello my name is kellie and have both brown eyes and brown hair
i like green eyes . i want to be a librarian , what about you ?
i am thrifty about money what about you ?
oh i am , i bought a purse with a skunk picture . you know that is inexpensive .
it seems expensive i'd use a coupon for it
i just thought the skunk picture was cute and i used debates for discount .
i will have to keep that in mind because i shop at the store alot
debates gives good deals and i hope you can benefit from it .
if not i can use the unwanted goods for charity
yes that's always useful to .
another solution is to add the items to my organized stockpile
persona
i've two children but i'm divorced.
i am in my second year of medical school.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
persona II
i've a pet skunk.
my masters degree is in italian literature.
my brother thinks he is a viking.
my nails are painted green.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am great , getting my girls ready . you ?
i've gotta go take my skunk for a walk pretty soon , so that should be fun
ll interesting . what do you do for a living ?
well i've a masters in italian literature but my brother thinks he's a viking sooo
cool i am in medical school right now
that is awesome ! ready to graduate ?
i've two more years
that is so exciting . i was feeling free spirited yesterday and painted my nails green
green is my absolute favorite color .
no . way . you should for sure see my nails then . do you have any hobbies ?
watching old movies are a passion
we should really hang out some time
that seems cool and fun
persona
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
i am recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
persona II
i'm on a low carb diet.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
dialogue
hello ! today is my birthday .
happy birthday friend ! ! did you enjoy your day ?
i did ! will ferrell and i went on a date .
wow ! what is he like ?
he'sn't like the person he played in elf .
is he like the person he played in step brothers ?
yes i think so ! honestly i've no idea .
well , happy birthday just the same . my family live far from me , across country
do you miss being with them ?
mostly , yes . i recently graduated and i'm looking for a marketing job
what do you want to market ?
baseball stuff mainly , i like playing sports with friends
that sounds very cool . i am bad at sports .
what about you , what do you do for fun ?
i like to listen to jazz and feed cats .
just feed cats ? nice . i like going to concerts , especially country ones
persona
i love the natural world beauty.
my family is poor.
i believe in fairytales.
i practice yoga and hike.
persona II
i work part time in the campus library.
i commute by bus.
i just started college.
i've 3 science classes.
dialogue
hello how are you ?
good day spent outdoors , how was your day ?
i wish i was outside stuck inside studying for school
me too , but just part time , i've to work also , my parents are poor
what kind of work do you do ? my parents are not well off either
i'm a yoga instructor and tour guide at the natural history museum
sounds like great jobs do you enjoy them ?
i do , how about you , are you a full time student ?
yes i'm currently taking three different science classes
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
i want to be a brewer and make beer
chemistry background will be very useful then , what do you do for fun ?
i drink beer lol what about yourself ?
i like fairy tales , reading , watching and living them
persona
i like to travel.
my mother was born in ireland.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
my father was an author.
my father was born in australia.
persona II
i hate the taste of fish.
i like to paint.
i'm a vegan.
i have 23 cats at home.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm good hope you are doing well
tell me something about you
i like to try new foods and travel
me too , i eat a vegan diet and don't like fish though
i love cheese and cake
those are great foods , i also love coffee
i love to draw and write my father taught me
what kind of writing do you like best ? i love painting
it depends on my mood . what is your favorite color ?
purple , i also love green . what about you ?
those are all good colors . i like blue .
do you have pets , i'm pretty much a cat lady . i have 23
purple and green make blue lol
lol that is true . in a way we have the same favorite
i miss going to ireland to visit
persona
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i m often late for class.
i want a porsche.
persona II
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i love watching tv and movies.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i work from home.
i like cosplay.
dialogue
you going to comic con this year ?
nah , not really my thing . i'd rather cuddle up with my dog and study .
i love dogs . i remember once seeing a cosplay dog that was so cute .
yeah mine is a little yorkie . small dogs suit me because i am short .
do you and your dog watch tv ?
we do . i really like cars so we watch a lot of car shows .
i like game of thrones , so i am a fantasy buff .
cool ! i appreciate the genre but don't watch much of it . i study a lot .
i'm working toward being a professional costume maker .
maybe you can design something for me with a built in watch . i'm late a lot .
can't be tardy to the party . i'd love to help !
haha definitely not ! my dog sleeps with me and is very comfortable .
how sweet . my job is at home so maybe a pet would be good .
i'm a student right now but hope to finish soon and get a job .
persona
i hate skiing.
i have 6 toes on one foot.
i've glasses.
my favorite book is twilight.
persona II
i live in a condo.
i am a recovering alcoholic.
i'm a retired newspaper reporter.
i've a large mustache.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi i am doing ok how are you
not bad it was a good day
that is good . do you like to read
yes i do its relaxing . do you like movies ?
i like twilight its my favorite book . i do like action and fantasy movies
nice i typically like horror but hard finding a good movie in the genre
yeah they're . whats your favorite movie
i really thought the blair witch 2 was good
i've only seen the first one . do you have any tattoos
i do have one on my forearm you ?
no i do not but i do have 6 toes on my right foot
oh that is odd it does not hurt does it ?
no its just hard to find shoes lol
i can imagine it isn't easy do you like beer ?
yes sometimes if i'm watching sports
persona
i like to stay fit.
i love to walk in the woods.
i love animals.
i don t much like tv.
i love to watch ted talks.
persona II
i love animals.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i'm an aspiring singer.
green is my favorite color.
my father worked for ge.
dialogue
it is your serve . try to hit the ball over the net this time .
are we pretending to play tennis
you might be , i play to win . do you have somewhere better to be ?
i guess not . i like to walk , but not at night
sunset is in an hour . for now , game on ! i can serenade you later .
do you like to sing ? i am not artistic .
you must have a hidden talent . american idol is coming to town and i'll be there .
i don't watch much tv , but i'll watch you
got any pets ? i bet they play tennis better than you .
i've a dog . my love for animals knows no bounds
we have that in common . do you like green too ?
it is the color of the forest , so yes
we can take a break , that ball is not going to serve itself . lunch ?
did you bring a picnic ? i like tuna sandwiches
no tuna this time , sorry sport . my dad cooked good chili last night .
that would be a terrible picnic food .
persona
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i am on a keto diet.
i like going to the moves.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
persona II
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i am close to my mother , but not to my father.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am great just got back from the movies , u ?
just finished spending time outdoors , i like to hike
my dogs would love a hike , they are golden retrievers
i enjoying binge watching shows on streaming services with mine
sounds like fun , i'm going to the circus later its where my dad works
i'm closer to my mother than my father . and i love to eat burritos
i like burritos too it fits into my keto diet
burritos aren't keto lol
certain recipes are , you would be surprised what you can find on the internet
lol , i am about to go eat more burritos and binge watch my shows
you have fun doing that
persona
running is a hobby.
i am looking for a second job.
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
i work as a grill cook.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
persona II
i love to travel.
my hair is short and pink.
i'm a 43 year old woman.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
dialogue
hi , do you enjoy traveling ?
hi there . how are you ? i do .
me too , i just got back from a long haul trip to portland . ever been ?
never . would love to go one day though
you should ! good hairstylists and great tattoo artists . do you have tattoos ?
i've a few tattoos . wish i had more
what tattoo would you get , if money was no object ?
a letter from my mom in her handwriting
ah , that's awesome . were you close to your mom ?
i was . she was an addict though . love hate relationship . in the strongest way
that is tough . as a truck driver i have seen my fair share of that .
it is tough for sure . you like music ? love pink floyd
gotta have the jams on road trips . favorite album ?
the wall . hands down . i can get lost in it
dark side of the moon for me . hugs to your mom .
love that one too . she passed away alost 2 yrs ago . hardest thing ever
ugh , mine is going through a rough time now . so hard .
it is tough . stay strong . good chatting with you .
persona
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i want to be in a band someday.
i'm a factory worker.
persona II
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
doing well , you ? i work in a factory how about you ?
i am a salesman . did you know that snakeskin oil has a lot of benefits ?
nope . i also sleep 10 hours per night so i can play guitar .
nice . ever wonder that clouds from different shapes . i enjoy that a lot
i see famous rockers in the louds , i want to be in a band
nice . every heard of jacob sartorius ?
no , but sleeping is a big hobbie of mine so i might have slept through him .
i see . do not you also agree how costco is the greatest
costco is awesome . do you have any other hobbies or interests ?
hiking , reading , but sleeping is what i do best
nice maybe we could catch a band sometime .
sounds great ! do you know whos on tour now ?
nope , no shows where i live
persona
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i am training to be a welder.
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
persona II
i look forward to retiring.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
i am a humble baker.
dialogue
hi , how is your weekend going
i am chill because i've no heater
my wife is always cold , but i love her so much
is she cold hearted or is she just cold
lol , just cold . she bundles up in layer it makes me smile
that's so cute , do you two cuddle together when she is in layers ?
only after the kids are asleep , they keep us busy all day
you two can still cuddle while they are awake , unless cuddling turns into something else
lol how do you think we got so many kids ?
ohhh , that definitely explains it lol
i used to want to be an actor , what are your dreams
i want to be a singer , and acting would be a good part for you
well now i'm a baker , i do okay and have no regrets
oh okay , patty cake patty cake bakers man
persona
teaching is my passion.
my husband is a cop.
i love to read.
my favorite place is the beach.
i'm married.
persona II
i like to draw.
i am from france.
my favorite food is tacos.
i'm studying literature.
i am a vegan.
dialogue
hello there . how are you doing today ?
i'm well . i'm an avid reader .
nice ! i am actually studying literature . american literature is much different than french .
it is nice to meet a learner . i am passionate about teaching .
what are your favorite authors and books ?
kathryn stockett . she wrote the help . know it ?
i have seen the film version . it was really quite popular even in france .
cool . i really do love reading . my husband , who is a cop , hates it !
i understand that feeling . i've a passion for drawing but my fiance finds it silly .
where do you paint ? my best place to read is on the beach .
i draw at the local coffee shop as well as the campus commons .
that's nice . i'm sure coffee shops in france are better than in the us .
i'dn't say better . . . just different . what are your favorite foods ?
don't be so modest . i'm not a big foodie . mac and cheese works .
persona
i do not own a television.
i like to read.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i cannot stand pizza.
persona II
i take fridays off in the summer.
i work in sales.
its important to me to make my clients happy.
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
are you still there person ?
what do you do for a living ?
i teach at a school . art is my specialty .
what city are you located ?
chicago , illinois , united states of america
i am in souther california myself
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a car dealer ship
do you like that kind of work ?
it grueling . nobody wants to buy a car
indeed . cars are very expensive !
persona
i m scared of clowns.
i've two roomates.
i live on the third floor in an apartment.
i've two dogs.
persona II
i've gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i've more then 10 tattoos.
i'm a grown woman.
i've never lost a fight.
i am in a motorcycle club.
dialogue
hi do you want to fight me
nah i'm real scared of you clowns
are you calling me a clown ?
yes i am , where do you live ?
i live with my motorcycle club
i make sure i live away from you . that is cool , i'm in a apartment
why are you being so mean to me ?
you the 1 who wants to fight , just know i've dogs .
just because i've not ever lost one before .
you would lose this 1 , 2 dogs , 2 live in roommates . lets go
i do not think i'd lose . i'd eat your hair .
what are you ? a pro fighter ?
no , i just like fighting , like most women do .
you are mad weird , i would not even try to fight you .
so i win by default . i can drive you somewhere if you want .
lol , oh you are a mess . hair tho ?
persona
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
i have four siblings.
i'm the oldest sibling.
persona II
i'm in school.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm married.
i work 2 jobs.
i love the beach.
dialogue
hello ! tell me something about yourself
well i've four brothers and sisters and i'm the oldest kid .
that is a lot of responsibility . what do you do for a living ?
i am still a student but my dad teaches at my middle school .
that has a to be a little strange . i am a student , too .
oh , what are you studying ?
taking classes to aid in my work . i've two different jobs .
what type of work do you do ?
web design and photography . what do you do for fun ?
well i wanted to play basketball , but i am the shortest kid in my family .
that sounds rough . what else can you tell me about yourself ?
not much else , just my little sister started first grade this year .
how cute ! i cannot wait to have kids . my wife and i don't have any yet .
well our family has five , that is a bunch .
persona
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
i enjoy hiking.
i have two border collies.
i speak french and english fluently.
persona II
i've 3 children.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i've a law degree.
i drive an suv.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
hey , how is it going ? i am getting ready to move
wow where are you moving to ?
i think i'm going to move from california to washington
that sounds pretty neat . i've a house in washington
do you like washington ? i'm bring my two dogs . they are border collies .
yeah i vacation in the mountains there . i like dogs
wow that sounds great . i'd like to go to the mountains . hiking is my hobby .
that is great i take my 3 kids hiking
oh that is great to hear . do you speak other languages ?
only english , how about you ?
i can speak not only english but french pretty fluently
that is impressive . what is your job ?
for my job , i work in an office , dunder mifflin . what about you ?
i didn't think that was a real place . i'm a lawyer
yeah , my manager michael is a great person . what else do you do ?
persona
i have one sister.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i was born in san francisco.
persona II
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i am getting married.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
hi i am good ! planning my paris trip !
nice , are you going to shop a lot there ?
heck yeah ! part of why i planned the trip ! saved up
i should shop more , i've 5 pairs of the same pants haha
oh wow ! sounds like they are your favorite brand . where u from ?
i am from la . my senior prom was at disneyland , i still have a wallet photo
cool ! i am in san fran ! actually never been to disneyland , is not that crazy
you should go its magical ! but i don't really like all the waiting in line
i'd not either ! my company gives fast passes for bonuses . guess i should work harder lol
that is cool . my sister keeps asking me when i'm gonna get married there
haha , my sister is the same way about marriage ! like lay off , pls . . right ? ?
exactly ! she's becoming like my mother or something
is she older ? older sisters are like that !
persona
i have brown hair.
i watch youtube videos.
i like sleeping.
i work at mcdonalds.
persona II
my wardrobe is all band tees.
my job involves building drones.
i'm an anime fan.
i go to multiple comic cons.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
i'm doing great and you
not much just reading some anime you
i'm watching some tv
sick sick do you like techno ?
no not really i'm into country music
sick sick i'm building drones for a living hbu
i'm a baker i bake out of my home
sick sick like medical brownies ?
um no so what are you up to
watching anime right now about to do some laundry
i hate doing laundry its borning
yea its reffo boring but we need clean clothes right lol
yes we sure do
specially those undies brawjetta feels me ?
lol yeah definably need some clean undies
persona
my father used to be a mechanic.
i like to play video games.
i've been working the same job for two years.
i am a musician.
my favorite band is hop along.
persona II
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my best friend is my dog allie.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
dialogue
hey you . what is going on ?
i'm good how are you doing
just sad that it is night time because i would love to look at the clouds
i use to get sad at night too
why did you get sad ?
my mood would just change . i think it is my blood sugar
i'm sorry . you should definitely look into that
it has gotten a whole lot better after some therapies
good i'm glad to hear that . are you looking forward to halloween ?
yes are you going to dress up ?
i love getting all dressed up . i want to dress up as a hot cop
sorry for all the typos . a female one ?
no problem . yes i am a girl
i want to be a cop like macgyver
persona
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i try to limit how much i eat.
i hate paying my bills.
i have a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
persona II
i m a vegetarian.
i read a lot of used books.
i live in my parent s basement.
i like cats.
i work in a flower shop.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? have you read any good books lately ?
i'm bored , i just watch tv all day . i don't like to read
i am a florist in a flower shop , i read lots of used books on breaks
i do not have a job . reading is hard and boring
oh , i am currently living in my parents basement so i understand how you feel
i do have a new golden retriever
awesome ! what is his name ? i am a cat lover , myself . i have 2
dave , what are your cats names
ginger and violet . they are picky eaters . is your dog picky ?
no he eats well , but has a lot of energy
well that's good . mine take after me . i'm picky . i only eat vegetables
i watch what i eat , not to much if i can help it
that's smart . i've found that only eating vegetables is very cheap and healthy
that's good , i hate big bills , i should try that
persona
i own a cleaning company.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i am married.
i enjoy cooking.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
i make 50k a year.
i work for peta.
i love animals.
i like to make clothes.
dialogue
hi ! how much do you make per year ?
i make about 250 grand . i'm the owner of clean cleaning company
sounds great . i usually make 50 grad per year .
my mother made about that . she was a teacher
great ! i work for peta . do you like animals ?
i love them i've a lot of dogs
wonderful ! what breeds ?
all pit bulls and they're so cute
pitbulls are one of the best . i also like making clothes .
cool my husband and i love to cook
that's great . my husband owns a hotel .
wow that's nice . i'd stay there if i'm ever in town
yeah for sure . i hope you do great in life .
i hope the same for you . what else do you like to do ?
i love my children and my dog too .
i love to read nicholas sparks books in my spare time
persona
i used to own a casino.
i'm the president.
i've lots of cash.
i have been bankrupt and back.
i used to own several casinos.
persona II
i just moved from va to pa.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i grew up on a large farm.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
good , thank you for asking ! you ?
i am good thank you haha
what do you do for a living ?
i don't work right now
do you have any hobbies then ?
i like reading and sewing
that sounds fun ! ! i retired early when i cashed out my share of the casinos .
how did you do that ?
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
are you an indian by chance ?
not sure . i was an orphan . their loss cuz look at me now ! ! haha
lol i think you are so funny
thank you ! no one has ever called me funny before
persona
i am a diabetic.
i listen to podcasts.
traffic makes me mad.
i have a long drive to work.
i like to read.
persona II
i am the youngest in my family.
i am a freshman at nyu.
i have two older brothers.
my favorite color is blue.
my passion is photography.
dialogue
hello there where are you from ?
i'm doing well . how are you
i'm well , where are you from
oh i'm from alabama . how bout you
i'm currently a freshman at nyu
that is cool . traffic annoys me though
me too . do you have any hobbies
reading is great . how bout you
my favorite thing to do is photography
i love pictures . i like podcasts
i've listened to a few of those .
i listen to them on my hr drive to work all the time
that's a good way to listen
oh yes . what are you studying at school ?
photography , what else is there
lol . i think that's great
persona
my mom is a professional tennis player.
i'm currently in elementary school.
my favorite band is one direction.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
persona II
i like to surf.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i listen to country music.
my mother is a school teacher.
dialogue
hello friend ! do you like surfing ? cause i sure do !
hi . i do not know . i am only 7 . i like spaghetti and meatballs .
only 7 ! ? how cool ! have you ever been to the circus ?
no my mom isn't around much . she plays tennis for money .
same with my mother . with her teaching , and me traveling with the circus .
that is so cool . have you seen lions ?
tons of them . they are my favorite animal .
nice ! do you like your job ? i want to be a football player .
i love it ! there'sn'thing better than listening to country music with my clown bros
oh . i'm scared of clowns . do you like music ? my fave is one direction .
i am not that scary . i love country music ! keith urban is my man !
i just know of it . he scares me .
that's what i'm like before my morning coffee . . . ll
i can give you lots of coffee to make you happy .
you are too young to drink coffee ! haha
i know . its for you silly clown .
persona
i'm a happy person.
i love to take walks.
i love to listen to music.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
persona II
i like eating pretzels.
my favorite band is vnv nation.
i really like watching star trek.
i work for the railroad.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you
hello , i am doing well . cuddled up doing some knitting . how about you ?
nice ! i am eating pretzels and listening to my favorite band vnv nation
oh i actually listen to vnv nation too . i like nemesis by them
awesome . sometimes when i am at work on the railroad i listen to them through my ipod
i'll do the same when i go for walks . i'll walk to the nearby lake .
lake walks are nice , especially in the evening . i'm usually home watching star trek though , haha
what star trek do you prefer ? next generation or something else ?
i prefer next generation , but i enjoy them all really .
i am with you . next generation wins me over but the others are fantastic as well .
definately ! star trek is a classic favorite of mine since childhood .
do you have any other hobbies or things you like to do ?
aside from tv shows and music , i am a huge fan of collecting railroad memorabilia . you ?
my grandpa worked for the railroad . i'll sometimes play soccer .
we share the railroad in common then ! i work there now . soccer is a great sport too .
what do you do specifically at the railroad ?
persona
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
i once swam with manta rays.
my parents are lawyers.
i hate winter and the cold.
my favorite show is csi.
persona II
my house is paid for.
my favorite color is blue.
i wear a uniform to work.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
dialogue
good morning , how are you today ?
i'm doing well , how are you this morning ?
fantastic , about to head into work .
what kind of work do you do ?
i'm a police officer
i bet that's an interesting job ! i work in a museum
it has its moments for sure . working in a museum sounds quite interesting as well !
i love my work ! tell me a bit more about yourself
well i consider myself a decent amateur artist . i just completed a self portrait
you'd fit right in at my job ! i love to swim
i like to go mud riding in my truck
i have never done that !
you should most certainly give it a try someday !
i would like to ! what is your favorite tv show ?
persona
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
i believe in aliens.
persona II
my landlord is raising my rent.
i was born on christmas day.
i went to law school.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
i'm an excellent baker.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
good , i am here enjoying the night staring and the stars . and you ?
just finished baking a pecan pie which everyone says i make the best !
that sounds so good right now
i'm a really good baker my friends say .
i suffer from depression that would make me feel so much better .
ii'm sorry to hear that ! this pie has your name on it !
i'm hoping to see a alien space ship go by
interesting . i'm angry with my land lord . he raised the rent .
yes , please i would love to eat and eat and not get fat
that would be awesome to eat with out gaining weight !
i would be upset too , it is hard to make money .
i agree ! i'm looking forward to christmas this year , i'll be turing 30 .
would you choose rainbows or lollipops ?
rainbows , i think they are beautiful .
i choose lollipops , i love christmas time .
persona
i have a pet iguana.
i play football.
i like to play video games.
i work at mcdonald s.
my favorite movie is star wars.
persona II
i m a 30 year old male.
i just finished training as a security guard.
i have two dogs.
i work nights now and like my job.
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
dialogue
hi . are you a man or a woman ?
hello i'm a man and i love playing football
me too ! my girl and i just called it quits .
i am sorry that is tough . why ?
she didn't like me working third shift . dumb , huh ?
yes very . you should get a pet . i have an iguana
i have a couple of boxers .
what are their names ? i also work at mcdonalds and work a lot of third shifts .
rick and nick . i eat at mcdonalds a lot !
cool ! maybe you can stop by and i'll make you a burger
that would be good . is it true that workers spit in the food ?
i don't , but i can not speak for everyone lol
i just take my chances and hope they do not !
best not to think about it really .
true ! i really like the apple pies .
the apple pies are harder to spit in too
persona
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
my mother is a dentist.
i'm a baker.
i've 2 sisters.
persona II
i've a doberman.
i'm twenty five years old.
i am a man.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am great . i was watching silicon valley .
i'm off work today . my name is tony .
where do you work at
i've a great doberman as a pet .
is it a girl or a boy
i am twenty five years of age . my dog is a boy .
when did you get him ?
i got him when he was a puppy .
that sounds really nice . what do you do for work ?
i work at a store . i ordered a pizza today , my favorite food !
what kind of pizza do you like
i love pepperoni the best with mushrooms .
i see . i like to bake .
persona
i have 3 dogs.
i have 3 children.
i drive an suv.
i've a vacation home in the mountains.
i have a law degree.
persona II
my favorite movie is titanic.
i work part time at aldi s.
i've two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i am from sterling heights , michigan.
my husband owns a small auto repair shop.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am going just fine , and you ?
i am great , thanks . i am enjoying my day off from work .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a cashier at aldi . how about you ?
i've my degree in law , but i'm looking for a job now
that is great ! did you graduate recently ?
yeah , my dad bought my wife and i an suv
that must have been an exciting day . where are you from ?
i'm from maine , it is cold here
i live in michigan . it is a cold , rainy day today .
my father used to live there
oh really ? my husband and i have lived here our entire lives .
near kalamazoo at all ? what side ?
no , i live in southeast michigan , near detroit .
oh , how is your water there ?
persona
i play the violin.
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i've a pomeranian.
my older sister plays clarinet.
persona II
my favorite player is mike trout.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
i'm 19 years old.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i recently made the college baseball team.
dialogue
hi , do you like sports ?
no i'm strictly into music . music my life
are you a professional musician ?
i sure am i am a world famous violin player
wow ! do you travel around with concerts ?
yes i'm in the top competitions in the world
have you won any awards ?
many i've a pomeranian
i hope i can be as successful in baseball as you are in music .
well my mom taught me music at 1
how can a baby play music ?
i learned music theory before i could walk lol
how many instruments do you play ?
i play all wood winds and brass and strings . i do it all
that is very impressive . are you rich ?
i am now it ws hard work
persona
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
i work 9 to 5 job.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
persona II
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
i am the head of the gun club.
i'm a poet.
i have a beta fish.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm goo how are you
i am good do you work
yes i work in an office . what do you do ?
i am a nra head
that an important job , i love to cook and bake . do you have any hobbies ?
just cleaning my gun rack
i own 8 guns , my father in law and i love to go shooting on the weekends .
nice want to know something funny ?
sure i got time what is it
i write sappy poems about my guns
that's cool are you into anything other than guns
i also donate clothes often
i volunteer at the local homeless shelter making meals
nice we should give clothes and meals
that would be awesome they really need it
persona
i've created my own personal religion.
i do not celebrate any holidays.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
persona II
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i sleep 8 hours.
i use the computer all day.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
dialogue
you gotta stop calling me . . . you know i prefer texting to calls !
hey you ! hows it going ?
well my mother is in town to watch over my sick grandmother . . . so full house here !
www i'm sorry , yeah i know how that's , i have the family and my 4 dogs
do not the dogs barking keep you up at night ? i just gotta get my 8 hours sleeping !
no they are good dogs , just as long as the ghosts do not bother them
yikes ! real live ghosts ? ! ? not just images on the computer we use all day ? ? ?
yes real ghosts ! i've seen them on multiple occasions
whoa ! you should sms over a picture next time you see them ! they show on film ?
no i am usually scared to do anything when i see them
i'd be too . frankly , i am a little scared my nanna may become a ghost soon .
yes i was going to say that
persona
i love dragons.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i am a grandparent at 44.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
persona II
country music makes me cringe.
i m a terrible speller.
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i m an amazing dancer.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
very well how about you ?
i'm doing pretty good . getting ready to volunteer at the animal shelter .
wonderful ! what type of animals do you work with most ?
i love all animals , but i work mostly with the dogs .
dogs are fun , but a prefer more mystical creatures .
like dragons and such ? not only do i love animals but i love to dance !
absolutely ! dragons would be a fun pet . dancing with one could be funny !
i am really great at dancing . i love all music except country !
my grandchildren love country , although we are close in age .
how close in age are you to them ?
i had my daughter at 20 , she had twins at 20 . they are 4 years old .
nice ! i'm sure you are close ! excuse my spelling , i'm not good at it .
quite alright . we play spelling games every morning on my way to work .
i've to go do my hair . takes forever because it is down to my knees .
time to cook dinner ! chili corn dog or cheesy hot dog ? we love both !
persona
i love dogs.
my dad was a carsalesman.
i am a happy person.
i love to cook.
i like to fish.
persona II
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i like to go to the movies.
dialogue
hi what are you up to tonight ?
just cooking up some fish how about you ?
i'm looking at different mustangs online . i love cool cars
that is very cool . my dog loves car rides . do you have a dog ?
one big and one little one
nice i love those fuzzy beasts . what do you do for fun ?
i enjoy walking and watching movies in the theaters . you ?
i love making dinner , fish dinners . i catch them first . yay !
i do not really care for fish but that's cool
hey its ok . my dad loves fish too , when he gets home we will eat fish .
do you live with your dad ?
yeah , he sells cars and takes me fishing . do you fish ?
i have gone a few times but not really my thing . i prefer taking a walk
that is cool too , i walk dogs for extra cash .
my pitbull would like that but the chihuahua prefers to be carried haha
nice . i really am fond of dogs . what else do you do ?
i used to have to work 3 jobs but now i just have 2
that seems much better . time is precious . are you tall ?
just average . are you unusually tall ?
no , i'm quite short . i do not mind though i'm pretty comfortable .
persona
i'm an anime fan.
i go to multiple comic cons.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
my job involves building drones.
persona II
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i have a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
i never stop looking for love.
dialogue
hi . i am so tired from working all week .
i like to watch anime
that's cool . i've 2 jobs right now so i don't have much downtime
talking about jobs , i help in building drones
interesting . my job as a real estate agent seem boring compared to that .
you should get some time off and listen to techno music . it will be relaxing
lol . that doesn't sound relaxing . i relax just by hanging out with my close friends
or you should go to comic cons . i go to multiple of them
at my other job as a waitress i've a customer who always reads comic books
tell them they should start watching anime from comics . i am a big fan
maybe he will take me for a date . who knows , i may find love
i only love music bands and have a full wardrobe with the band tees
persona
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i like to read a lot of books.
persona II
running is my way to relax.
i grew up on a farm.
my brother is in the army.
i've two nephews.
i'm a veterinarian.
dialogue
hi
hey how are you ?
good and yourself ?
good , just listening to music and hanging out with my family .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a teacher . how about you ?
i'm a vet at the animal shelter
that is awesome , what do you like to do for fun ?
i love running . its my way to detox
running is great . do you have any other hobbies ?
not really . . . what do you teach ?
i teach reading , i love books and helping children learn how to read .
where are you from ?
i am from illinois , how about you ?
cali
i love cali , was just there a month ago with my family
persona
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
my husband owns a small auto repair shop.
i work part time at aldi s.
i'm from sterling heights , michigan.
my favorite movie is titanic.
persona II
i have a 3 year old.
my favorite color is purple.
i'm a 1st grade teacher.
i go to church on sunday.
my father is a preacher.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
good ! just got home from my shift at aldi and now i'm cooking for my kids .
how many kids do you have ? i've a three year old
i've a 6 year old and a 2 year old .
i teach 1st grade , i've a lot of sixth graders that are wonderful
that must be adorable . i'd love to teach .
it is fun and every day is a new adventure
i need adventure . it is boring here in sterling heights , michigan .
i go to a great church that offers fun events too , have you looked into church ?
i have looked into it but my husband does not seem into the idea .
my dad preaches , it has always been a part of my life
have you seen titanic ? it is my favorite .
yes , i love that movie , it was amazing , and so terribly heartbreaking
it really was . i could not finish it the first time through .
i went through a whole box of tissues the first time i saw it
i believe you ! my tough guy mechanic husband did not even shed a tear . ugh !
persona
i've many girlfriends.
i am argentinian.
i like to ride horses.
i like to wear boots.
i like to eat beef.
persona II
i am looking for a second job.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
i work as a grill cook.
dialogue
hi , i'm into pink floyd . whats your fave group ?
the beatles , i suppose . they're the best .
i like them too . what do you do for a living ?
i work with horses . i feed them , clean them , take them for rides .
cool job . i am a cook searching for a second gig .
are you a girl or a boy ? ; married or not ?
i am a single young man
do you have a girlfriend or two ?
nope what about you buddy ?
i have many , on and off . . . trying to find a perfect one , you know .
i cannot argue with that .
ll , that is good . some people do , girls especially .
true , you know how women can be .
mine don't know about each other . makes things easier .
oh playboy action going on
well , have fun while you are young , my grandpa used to say . . .
persona
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i'd love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i believe in aliens.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
persona II
i live in california.
i own a corvette.
i like to surf.
i am a mechanic.
i own a german shepard.
dialogue
hello , i am from california . how about you ?
i am not sure . are you an alien ?
that's great ! i love to go surfing here , whats your hobbie ?
i want to eat professionally but i wanna stay skinny
my profession is a mechanic because i love cars !
do you like candy a lot ?
no i don't , do you ? i have a corvette that i like !
i don't like to clean up after my husband
i do have a german shepherd that i named twin though !
do you clean u after that dog tho ?
i've to he makes too big of a mess !
do you ever just look at the stars ?
being a mechanic i'm always looking up
i look at the stars when i'm sad
persona
i m in grad school.
my parents live across the street from me.
i love to read true crime books.
i work in a coffee shop.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
persona II
i don t trust anyone.
i want to be alone sometimes.
i don t like trying new things.
i feel competitive against other women.
i like the library.
dialogue
hi . i hace trust issues
hi right i am in a grad school
i like to be alone
really you shouldn't . i live across the street from my parents
oh that is cool . are they good to be close to ?
yes they are . i'm working in a coffee shop ? you ?
my parents are terrible . and i love the library
really that is bad . i like reading real crime books
oh crime is awful . yuck
really . but i love them . i love drinking caramel cappuccino .
oh that is really good ! i do not like other women
that seems to be nice . where do you live ?
i live out in the alley
really great . you and i'd be nice friends
yes , i have 422 cats also so . . .
really . i would love to pet them one day .
persona
i love comics.
i am a couch potato.
i eat junk food.
i do not have a job.
i love the walking dead.
persona II
i recently graduated from college.
it s been doing better than i expected.
i'ven t had luck with finding a job.
i sell miscelaneous stuff in local fairs.
so i started a small business.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
hi i am fine just watching the walking dead
i love that show . so ready for the new season . what kind of work do you do ?
i'm not working due to injury at the moment
hopefully you get back to 100 soon .
thanks comics help me escape the'ssue . what do u do
i work for myself selling things at local craft fairs and whatnot . i love it !
nice really artsy you are i need to change so i quit eating junk food
lol . i eat my fair share of junk , especially in college .
yeah college was cheetos and ramen need a sleeper sofa soon
i am starting a small business , maybe i will come across a sofa for you
i hate being a couch potato i am such a gym nut
how long is your recovery ?
another 8 months plus physical therapy
wow . that must have been quite an injury .
yeah car accident while in commute during a work
persona
i am a father.
i work many hours.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i like basketball.
persona II
i'm more of a cat person than a dog person.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
i attend book club every week.
i could not live without my cell phone.
dialogue
i'm feeding my cat breakfast i don't have any dogs
my kids have dogs too but i never get to play with them . i work too much .
i'm obsessed with my new cell phone
and i wished i didn't have my cell ! i work too many hours as is .
i read alot i'm in a bookclub with 10 friends we meet every week
to be fair , my iphone does let me get scores on celtics basketball .
i love basketball and football especially college games
not much of a football fan . just the celtics and alt rock bands like imaginedragons .
sometimes i meet friends for a drink
well i will have a drink at an alt rock concert but do not drink heavily .
never heard of the dragons but sounds great
my kids don't like them . they say they are retro . kids these days ! ! !
persona
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'm almost 7 feet tall.
i am not a basketball player though.
persona II
i'm a very bad liar.
i am obsessed with filming.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
i try not to think about death.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
great , i like rolling stones
i'd love to say that , but i'm a bad liar , very bad one
you need to find a new job then
yeah , maybe you are right , i am obsessed with movies and filming
you should go cliff diving
mmm interesting choice but risky one , and i don't try to think about death
yes yes yes yes yes yes
or i could be a clown , i like to put a smile on people faces
that's nice . clowns scare me , it
ha ha ha , i was thinking in something more normal
clowns are not normal you crazy person
i'm not crazy , at least that is what the voices are telling me
i like the voices , they're my only friends
i wonder if that's why you spend time chatting with strangers d
no , that's because i need money ! lol
persona
i like meat.
my favorite food is steak.
i drive a black car.
i'm working in finance.
persona II
some jokes go too far.
i prefer the simpler times.
i like the flintstones.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
dialogue
i like cartoon , especially south park , how you ?
wow i have not seen that show in years . don't have time for cartoons .
my friends always watch cartoons . i like flintstones too . why so busy ?
i work in finance , a trader never sleeps ! i'm glad you have something you like
yes me too ! i like jokes but man some go too far
i am curious , is english your first language ? i am not sure what you mean
yes it is , whats up ?
okay . just finished dinner . . . . third time i had steak in the last week !
what didn't you understand ? i am curious . steak is bad lol
i didn't know what you meant by i like jokes , but maybe it was just a comment ?
it was its something i like
oh i see . i guess i like jokes too ! lol
in moderation some are over the top ugh lol
haha yeah . are you vegan ? i eat sooo much meat
persona
i collect stamps.
my favorite color is blue.
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
persona II
i'm a full time mom.
my family and i go camping every month.
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
i enjoy horseback riding.
dialogue
today is perfect to go camping !
that sounds great ! do you camp often ?
my family and i take time to go every month !
wonderful ! what else do you guys do ?
i like to horseback ride when i have time , what about you ?
i like to workout by swimming every morning and go to outdoor concerts on weekends !
have you ever seen justin timberlike ? i love him ! !
i went to his concert last year ! he is great !
that's awesome ! as a busy mom i rarely get to go to concerts .
that's too bad ! at least you ride horses ! i dabble in collecting stamps .
yes it is good me time . how did you get into that ?
my grandpa taught me to collect , our favorite stamps are blue in color .
persona
i just graduated from high school.
i like playing games online.
i will study computer science.
i'm on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
persona II
i love to go hiking.
i've a gambling problem.
i always eat my vegetables.
i love talking on the phone.
i am fluent in spanish.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am great , headed to uc santa cruz . how are you ?
i'm good just finished teaching a spanish class
oh so are you a teacher ?
just on the side . i've a lot of hobbies how about you
i am into online gaming and computer science
hiking , talking on the phone and gambling are mine
cool hobbies . do you have any kids ?
no , are you a healthy eater ? never leave vegetables on the plate
i am a student so we have the most unhealthy diets lol
do you have any problems ? mine is gambling
nope no problems . they have places you can go for gambling
maybe i will call a hotline
that's a good idea or talk to a friend that you really trust
persona
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
i take fridays off in the summer.
its important to me to make my clients happy.
persona II
i teach first grade.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i married my high school sweetheart.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i love to go shopping.
dialogue
how are you ? i am home from a busy day at school !
hello , i am in sales and work late sometimes to please my customers .
good for you ! i bet they love you
lol , i think its only due to me always answering my phone . do you work on fridays ?
yes , then i go get pepperoni pizza and iced tea !
nice ! thankfully , i work four days during the summer . three day weekends rock .
yes , i would love it i could go shopping with my husband on fridays
i love shopping . shoes are my favorites .
me too ! i have too many pairs though ! my poor husband cannot understand
they never do . nor why we have to have the purse that matches .
lol ! he's put up with me since high school , i guess he loves me
that's awesome , i'd say he does too .
we do not see eye to eye on shopping but that's about it !
mine cannot understand why i do not wear each pair , lol
persona
i like to party.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
my major is business.
i'm in college.
i love the beach.
persona II
my favorite band is the muggers.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
my dreams are often bizarre.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
dialogue
hello there do you like parties ?
dude , i'm the party king ! college is seriously sweet , so many parties bro .
that is cool , i love parties too and try to go to one every other night .
i've a job at a pizza place . talk about the hookup for parties
hey that's cool . i also work at a pizza place actually . free pizza !
for real , bro . beach parties are the bomb though . its my favorite place
bro ! i love going to the beach , i meet all the fly honeys there .
duuuude . i'm studying business . i hope that i can like have a beach business
i am taking some business in college too . a beach business sounds cool .
it is my major . aside from beach partans
ever been to a beach rave ?
yes bro . so . much . molly .
i know where to get molly also .
molly goes with me everywhere
persona
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
i like canning and whittling.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
my favorite movie is good burger.
i eat exclusively meat.
persona II
i m not very tall.
i ve two siblings.
i ve a dog.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hi my name is cat , have a sister named tara . and a dog named roc .
hi cat how are you
good i i have a brother as well he is awesome . i like the color red .
i haven't a dog but i like cheetahs i wish i had a cheetah .
i am the shortest out of two of my siblings . . . i am 4 11 .
i am in high school
what year are you in ?
i came in 6th in the 100 meter . do you interested in any sport ?
no i do not lately it s been watching tv
what kinds of film do you like ? did you see good burger ?
action movies . . it all depended on my mood . you ?
comedy . what is your favorite food ? meat is my best .
face food . . . not sure . i like all sorts of food .
good for you . i enjoy doing canning and whittling . what do you do ?
persona
i surf everyday.
i like to listen to country music.
people say i can cook well.
i work at a bar.
persona II
i like to play baseball.
i have 2 kids.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i'm a doctor.
dialogue
good morning ! or is it morning where you are ?
morning ! yes , it is . i just came in from surfing . early waves are the best .
wonderful . i enjoy the ocean but like the mountains too
me too . i work at a beach bar , not too many of those in the mountains .
i woul love to take my 2 kids to the beach this summer
they would enjoy it . mine are better for it since we moved here .
where snouts do you work at a beach bar ?
venice beach , california . its lovely here .
southern california is beautiful . i used to play baseball there
i came here from ohio . so much nicer .
much nicer weather in southern california . i live in northern california
yes it is . are you affected by the wildfires ?
not to much . brings in a lot of patients to my medical practice
are you a doctor ? i'm also going to school for marine biology
yes i'm a md . marine biology is a great field
very cool . i love the beach
persona
i try to eat a balanced diet.
i am caucasian.
i like rollerblading.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i avoid eating sugar.
persona II
i work part time at aldi s.
my favorite movie is titanic.
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i am from sterling heights , michigan.
dialogue
hello . how is your day going ?
so far so good . i am planning my dinner for tonight , i am on a diet
nice ! whatcha having ? i just got home from work and am watching my favorite movie .
baked chicken and salad . after dinner i plan to go rollerblading
after titanic ends , i will take the kids for chinese before sopping a bit at work . .
do you watch sports ? i love watching hockey
i watch ultimate disc league , soccer , hockey and golf with my son .
how many kids do you have ?
two . . . a two year old daughter and a six year old son . yourself ?
no kids , i am single .
i'm single as well . where are you from ?
the west coast , what about you ?
i live in sterling heights michigan . . . born and raised .
i hear it is pretty cold there during the winter
it can get quite cold here . i suppose that i'm accustomed to it now though .
i'm used to warmer temperatures , i love getting active outdoors
persona
i enjoy talking to strangers.
i love honey.
i'm good at throwing parties.
i want to live at the beach.
persona II
my husband works for the government.
i run a small bakery.
i like going on walks.
i've a son.
dialogue
hi ! do you have a family ?
hey how are you ? i do
i'm good . hanging out with the hubby and son . you ?
that's good . i have two girls
do you have a spouse ? my hubby is a federal worker
yes a wife . we want to move to the beach
that would be nice . i own a bakery near a beach town
that is wonderful . do you make honey buns ? honey is the best
of course i do ! you'd like them
goodness , i bet i would
what do you do for fun ?
i often throw parties , i'm kind of great at it
i lead a quieter life taking long walks on my own
that's not so bad , peaceful even
persona
i m looking for a job.
i m not very tall.
i ve a dog.
i ve two siblings.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i have blue eyes and curly brown hair.
my favorite type of music is country.
my dog is a collie.
i love to snack between meals.
i love to travel with my family.
dialogue
hi names mandy i have a collie named bacon
i love bacon ! i almost named my dog bacon but i chose oreo instead .
i love to sneak oreos between meals
my 2 siblings sneak oreos . there are none left for me .
well that does stink but i love my family we travel alot
i cannot afford travel right now . i need a job .
i need out this rap cafe i live for country
someone should write a country song for me . . . my woes as a short person .
i hate my blue eyes wish they were green and my hair blue not brown
sounds like a country song .
halloween is as close to spotlight as my life gets
i prefer christmas . i love using lots of red . . . my favorite .
u like cuddling up with bacon during winter nights
if it was a bacon print blanket . then i'd wrap up in it .
lol i meant i , but snow ball fights with dogs are funny
funny except my dog and i are both short , so we get lost in the snow .
i am only 5 foot 4 so i got you
i tried getting work at walmart , but they insisted i wear blue .
it is okay i quit target i hate red
i would work at target , but my siblings work there and we would not get along .
ouch my siblings work the gap
i could try staples . i love red .
yeah go for the gold i always say
what about you ? tell me more .
i love petsmart but i love blue
do you have kids ? they would love blues clues . pets plus blue .
persona
i like tailgate parties.
my favorite season is duck hunting season.
i've never been on an airplane.
i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
persona II
my mom is a nurse.
i have three tattoos.
i never knew my dad.
i don t drive.
i work at a bookstore.
dialogue
hello , got three tattoos on my left arm .
i have one on my right shoulder myself , it is of a bull
oh awesome . my mother is an active nurse . my dad though . . . never got to know him .
my parents where farmers , i run the farm now because they are getting old
oh nice , my career is at a bookstore
i read a lot when i am not working , bet it is quite and peaceful
it is . i have decided to not ever drive too , so my life is calm .
i hate driving , although tailgate parties i do enjoy .
i enjoy them too , always fun .
they're fun , i usually do it during football season
great memories of all the sports games i have been too , including baseball
i started doing it after my girlfriend and best friend ran off together
makes sense , whether for celebration or consolation .
yeah , was depressed and some friends had me go and i really liked it
persona
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
my parents are lawyers.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
winter is my favorite season.
persona II
i'm a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i own a black suburban.
dialogue
are you as busy of a person as i am ?
i think so ! i stay busy .
it is a wonder that i find time with my kids activities .
what is your favorite season . mine is winter .
i enjoy fall a lot . are you into winter sports or activities ?
i enjoy swimming , but i hate wearing a bathing suit .
me too . i would rather be warm with a cocktail and good friends .
are you an online shopper ?
i have at least seven groups i belong to , so online shopping is a must !
i have an addiction . if i cannot order it , i don't need it !
how is your time spent the most ?
running , watching tv . hanging out with friends .
oh , cool . seems like all of mine is spent driving in my black surburban !
my parents are both lawyers . yours ?
my father is an engineer and mother is retired .
oh . where are you from ?
persona
i work on cars for a living.
i watch a lot of tv.
i live alone.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
persona II
i want to have two kids.
i'm from georgia.
i can t sing very well.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
hello friend ! how are you today ?
i am well , how about you ?
i've been better . all that chocolate last night have me a tummy ache .
last night wasn't good for me either
oh no , what went wrong ?
i watched too much and ate too much cheeseburger and missed my morning alarm
ugh , that's terrible . sounds fun though .
totally . do you love watching tv ?
i do ! i'm addicted to watching home improvement shows . you ?
i love it uncompromisingly . it is my only companions as i live by myself
i live alone as well . i hope to have two children someday though .
the cars i work on are my children . . .
i understand that feeling .
do you not have any family ?
no , hopefully that will change in the future .
i would rather it stays like this for me .
persona
i've a wife and a 4 year old son.
i went to stanford.
i play soccer professionally.
my idol is theirry henry.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i can t do math.
it was too small.
i smell like french fries.
i also eat too much french fries.
dialogue
can you help me with my math homework ?
i graduated from stanford so i probably can .
ate 2 boxes of fries , they bought two more and ate one how many fries
i am a professional soccer player now with a 4 year old son and good looking wife .
i eat far too much french fries . makes me smell like them
3 boxes ? i love fries but i love pizza even more , its my favorite .
pizza with fries is the best , keeps me small
i started making my own fries and eat them everyday . my wife and kids do too .
great , they're great diet food
i wish i could eat pizza every day but i do not want a heart attack .
what is a heart attack ?
i'm a professional athlete so i have to be careful about what i eat .
what does that entail ? are you anorexic ?
its something that can easily kill you and that's not good . no not anorexic .
persona
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i work five days a week.
i don t have children.
i enjoy shopping.
persona II
i smell like french fries.
i can t do math.
i just got a new sweater.
it was too small.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you today ?
doing well , how about you ?
ok , i got a sweater today but it didn't fit , too small
what color was the sweater ?
it was purple , total bummer . do you like math ? i can't do it
math is cool but really not my thing , i like yoga .
ooh i just started doing yoga , i love it !
tuesday is my yoga day . do you go on a regular day ?
thursdays for me , what kind is your favorite ?
i'm down with all of it . i swim on thursdays .
i love swimming too . my new apartment has a pool and i am spoiled
that is cool . do you have kids ?
nah , just a dog , i am not a fan of kids
i do not have kids either but most kids like to swim . i like to shop also .
oh do not we all ! i love to shop .
what kind of dog do you have ?
persona
i've 3 ex wives.
my father was a famous actor.
i don't like kids.
i do not like acting.
persona II
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i am allergic to lactose.
i like having fried fish for supper.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
hi , i'm good . how are you ?
i am good . i live in north texas so i wasn't in the path of harvey
that is good to hear its pretty scary whats going on there .
it is . i went to rockport to relax
i hope thw travel was easy . do you have any kids ?
one daughter . she is pre med
oh that's cool . i do not have any myself . th i do not like kids that much
really ? why is that ?
my 3rd exwife had 4 of them all teens . they never accepted me as their dad .
oh you have been divorced several times ? that's sad
people don't see me being sad i am quite the actor .
really ? how do you get that emotion resolved , being an actor ?
my father was an actor . i learned to control my emotions . i hate acting though .
persona
i am a professional skittles player.
my favorite mlb player is bartolo colon.
i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
i've never had candy in my life.
persona II
i like to skate.
i sing in a punk band.
i want to visit the uk.
my favorite color is black.
dialogue
did you hear the news ?
no , i have been on the road for work .
an asteroid is headed straight for us . . .
hmmm . . . well i guess we will have to see if it hits us !
good luck , i am going to the uk where the bunkers are
i will be ok , i play the game skittles for a living and am pretty famous .
what is skittles ? you will not be ok when the impact cloud hits the atmosphere
i will find a bunker . skittles is a fabulous game inspired by cricket .
really ? i learned something ! i'm going to miss skating
do you watch baseball ? it is one of my favorite sports besides skittles .
hey wikipedia says skittles is a bowling game i never watch baseball but i listen
there are different forms of the game .
the impact cloud will cause famine and freezing temps . wheat is what u need
interesting . i will make sure i'm well prepared .
the dress code is black knock twice and then say blink not pilgrim
i do not quite understand but is a color i like to wear .
persona
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
persona II
i play bass.
i have a french bulldog.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
my feet are size six women s.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
great ! i've atleast 5 pairs of identical pants for you to borrow !
sweet i could really use them
i might quit my job and will be a justin bieber roadie !
red hot chili peppers for me
awesome ! i hate waiting in line though !
lines are for other people
my sister will be my mom , she wants me to get married
what is your favorite fruit ?
i love watermelon ! what about you ?
i like oranges the best .
i'm often asked when i'm getting married . are you wed ?
not yet i really like waffles too
waffles rock ! i just will not wait in line for them .
haha i wear size 6 shoes
i will give you my 5 identical pants to trade for your shoes !
persona
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i've reached 50k subscribers !.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
i started taking beauty classes too.
persona II
i am a baseball player.
i make a million dollars a year.
i went to miami university.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
dialogue
hello it is nice to meet you
what area are you in ?
i'm in baltimore , where i play baseball for the baltimore orioles
do you know how to cook ?
i sure do i learned to cook when i was in college at miami university
what type work you do ?
i play baseball for the orioles
i am a redskins fan for life ?
that is is nice my boyfriend plays for the redskins
are you able to have friends ? ?
sure , we have a lot of trust in our relationship so we have friends , do you
do you smoke or drink ?
howdy i am a baseball player
what position d you play ?
i am the ball boy , i just collect the balls , i love collecting the balls ,
i'd love to be on a field ?
persona
i don t like to eat meat.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
i like fruit.
i like green apples.
persona II
i have sausage fingers.
i m funny.
i m bloated.
i can draw.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i'm good . eating an apple . what are you up to
i'm feeling very gassy and full right now
why what did you have for dinner ?
sausage . they looked a lot like my fingers
that is why i only eat fruits haha
i enjoy drawing fruits . do you have any hobbies ?
i smoke weed a lot . you ?
i'm not into drugs . i can make anybody laugh just by being myself
so make me laugh . your best joke
what did the teddy bear say when he was offered dessert ?
i don't know , what did he say ?
he said no thanks , i'm stuffed
haha okay that was funny . i still want to smoke pot though
persona
i like the color purple.
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
persona II
when i m stressed , i overeat.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
i love kids.
i m a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
hello , i am good how are you ?
i'm ok work was kind of stressful trying not to eat too much
my idea of a perfect person has always been cher from clueless .
haha are you a neat freak to ? i organize everything
yes especially my room . everything in there is purple . it is my favourite !
i like that to what do you for work ? i teach elementary
i'm a huge shopaholic and accidentally maxed out all my credit cards .
i have been there before . do you have kids ?
i believe that birthdays are really special and unfortunately still call my ex boyfriend on his .
understandable . i never had kids i like them but did not want my own
i never had any kids myself .
after working with them all day at school i could not handle having one
yeah i bet ! that must be difficult .
yea some days are very stressful
it must get very hectic there .
persona
i run marathons.
i despise sweet potatoes.
i have three great danes.
i love the all american rejects.
i am a weightlifter.
persona II
i'm saving up to buy a new camera.
i like spicy food.
i enjoy running at night.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
not bad , just finished some training for the marathon .
i run at night that is cool
its invigorating to run long distances , plus i do weightlifting to strengthen the arms .
very nice . do you like pictures ?
i like taking photos , but mostly i end up taking them of my 3 great danes .
noah i'm saving up for a camera
are you looking to get a dsr ?
i think so . i wanna take pictures of my job
what kind of job do you have ?
i work at a movie theater heh
interesting . on another topic , do you have any favorite foods ?
i love any kinds of spicy foods . you ?
not me , i like to keep it simple , but don't give me any sweet potatoes .
persona
i'm a vegetarian.
i wish that i lived in the city.
i have allergies.
i dislike animals.
i live on a pig farm.
persona II
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i'm from san fransico.
dialogue
want a beer ? my treat !
haha sure . i'm at my house . its a pig farm
i can bring some over for them , too . i just got back from visiting the old hometown .
oh yea ? where are you from ?
good old san fran ! but it is good to be back ; time to rest these feet .
i hear that . one day i wanna be able to live in the city
that would be nice . wi fi'dn't go down as often . i blame obama .
haha yea thanks obama . its ironic because i hate animals lol
yeah , pig farming must be miserable !
haha it sucks because of my allergies
yuck . what are you allergic too ?
pigs . . horses , sheep , chicken . . . people
ha . fair enough . there's a reason i have not seen my feet in 2 years !
haha and whats the reason for that ?
too much beer , not enough people ! ha ha ha ha
haha . i also don't eat meat lol
persona
helping people makes me happy.
i graduated with a nursing degree.
my husband is a firefighter.
my favorite food is sushi.
we have two kids.
persona II
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i think i am fabulous.
i care about the way i look when i'm in public.
i shop online a lot.
i always think people are looking at me.
dialogue
hello . i'm fabulous today . you ?
i'm good ! thanks for asking !
great . i'm fabulous every day . its how i choose to live .
me , too . what do you like to eat ? favorite foods ?
i like lots of foods . i buy food online mostly .
yeah , same . its hard with kids , and a full time job .
i just prefer to shop online . more choices .
i agree , and its more convenient !
i love clothes and those i do buy at the store . i like to try them on .
i like to go clothes shopping without 2 little kids . its easier !
i do not have kids . i might some day but right now i enjoy myself .
enjoy it ! they are expensive !
so are my clothes , let me tell you .
that is awesome ! its good to have lots of options !
persona
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i love to skate and ski.
i love the smell of leather.
i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
persona II
i love to run.
my wife just left me.
my favorite city is new york.
i am a lawyer.
my favorite food is steak.
dialogue
hey how is your morning ?
i am well thank you
great . not to be forward , but are you single ?
yes are you ? well i've 4 cats and they love the 2 dogs
my wife and i split up recently . i love cats !
i've a few shoes , 30 to be exact would that be a problem
you need more closet space . what is your favorite town ?
my hobbies are skating and i love to ski
awesome ! i love skiing too . mostly running though .
favorite town would new york , and your is ?
same ! i work in a law firm here , plan to stay forever .
i've a weird fetish for the smell of leather
that sounds kind of fun . we should hang out .
my car is all leather but i want it to go as fast as my motorcycle
you should drive safe . what is your favorite food ?
sure do you like leather and shoes ?
persona
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
i could eat less.
people say i talk when i m not supposed to.
persona II
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
my family owned a small restaurant.
i work 9 to 5 job.
i like to cook.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
i am doing well . how about you ?
pretty good , thanks for asking
what do you do for a living
i work a 9 5 office job
i'd like to take care of horses .
sweet , i am scared of horses
not me ! what did you have for dinner ?
chicken soup , my family own a restaurant
i love food . i just ate an entire pizza by myself !
wow , that sound tasty
it was . think i will have ice cream for dessert .
wow you be eating the good stuff
i eat pretty much all day . probably not a good thing .
well i eat alot myself , i volunteer also at the soup kitchen
that would be good . can you eat there , too ?
persona
i like to go to the opera.
i love to vacation in paris.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i enjoy classical music.
persona II
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i like getting my nails done.
i like drinking expensive wine.
dialogue
yo wassup ? i am drinking some pretty expensive wine right now .
i just came back from an opera , it was great !
cool . went to a debutante ball once . that is almost like the opera .
best wine is in paris , i brought some back with me .
nice . what vintage . i got a trust fund , so i'm always in the market for wine .
what music to do you like ? i like classical
classical is good . a couple bottles of wine in me and i like any music !
i drink a glass of wine every night for stress
if one glass is good , two is twice as good , right ?
right , i agree , my favorite is merlot what are you ?
merlot is good . i prefer expensive wines . trust fund money to burn .
buy me a bentley , that is my favorite car .
lol . find the diamond i lost at the ball and i'll consider the bentley !
oh geez , never mind lol !
persona
i just finished training as a security guard.
i've two dogs.
i work nights now and like my job.
i am a 30 year old male.
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
persona II
i like to invest in the stock market.
i've 3 brothers.
i love soccer.
i work for nike as an accountant.
dialogue
hello , how you doing , my name is tom ,
hello . nice to meet you , tom . what do you do ?
i am a accountant , and live in n . y and you
i just finished my training to be a security guard . i work nights .
ok , do you have any hobbies , or
my two dogs keep me busy but i just broke up with my girlfriend , so i'm bored
maybe you play a sport , like soccer
nope . what do you enjoy doing ?
in my spare time i play soccer or hit the boxing bag
sounds like fun ! i should do the same since i am 30 now
well it is never late , , excessive is the best medicine
you are absolutely right ! anything else i should know about you ?
persona
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
my inspiration is clasical music.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
i m a graphic designer.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
persona II
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
i like standing in the rain.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
dialogue
hello , i'll be glad when summer is over , you ?
hi , not really . i enjoy summer .
summer is too hot , we never get rain , and playing in the rain is fun .
do you have any hobbies ?
yes , watching movies . rita hayworth is my favorite .
i love to draw . i want to be an animator one day .
sounds interesting . computer animation or voice over ?
computer animation . i'd love to work for dreamworks .
nice , my computer is too slow , i need to take it to shop .
i do some freelance design work .
very cool ! ! i wear glasses and have hard time getting them clean .
oh really . i don't wear glasses .
it is good you don't wear glasses . they're hard to clean .
i bet they're . i am glad i don't have them .
persona
i work at a coffee shop.
my mom was a hairdresser.
i drive a prius.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i love rpg computer games.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i play tabletop games with friends.
i still live at home.
dialogue
hi , how was your day ?
i'm doing great ! i just got back from work at the coffee shop .
sounds fun . what do you do for fun ?
i love to drive my prius around town . it is my favorite color . . . red . you ?
i enjoy table top board games with friends .
sounds like a good time . do you work ?
i do as a teacher and i have a crush on another teacher i work with .
okay then . glad to hear you enjoy being at work .
i do . i live with my parents still to help them though .
that is nice . my mom is a retired hairdresser so sometimes , i help her out too .
yes it can be difficult at times , but i love them .
yes . i'm glad you still have them both in your life .
i also enjoy playing computer games .
love it . we should play a game sometime .
we should , what do you like to play ?
i like them all ! how about you ?
persona
under a pen name , i write romance books.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i have a terrible singing voice.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
persona II
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i just started dating someone new.
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i'm a vegan.
i m a student.
dialogue
hello there i just got back from a great vegan bistro how are u
reminds me of my vegan days following the grateful dead when they toured
oh i am an art student and saw the dead when i was a child
i've a terrible voice when i sing though , so no singing along for mw
that's ok i love art museums but cant draw to save my life
you like to hike ? i hiked the appalachian trail last summer
not anything that big , but i hope to teach one day
you should give it a go , what do you do for work ?
i'm in college , but work for my uncle at his garage
i work at a local diner as a short order cook , but i also write romance books
ahh i recently started dating a guy who writes for the school paper
is he under a pen name . i'm , and it makes me feel mysterious
yeah his views aren't always liked and was bullied enough before college
i'm sorry to hear that . what does he write about ?
persona
i owe two laptops.
i love chocolate.
i ve a flower garden.
i love watching anime.
my grandparents are dead.
persona II
i'm mixed with puerto rican and chinese.
i like listening to blues music.
my favorite artist was prince.
i'm from germany.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
dialogue
hi , i am a multiracial person , biologically
hi , that's interesting . what ethnicity are your grandparents ?
puerto rican , and chinese mixed
cool , are they all still alive ? where do they live ?
blues music is what i
do you have any hobbies , i like to flower garden
germany is where i am from , fluent in english and spanish
interesting , do speak german as well ? can you speak any other languages ?
how are you doing today ?
i'm well , i'm watching some anime and eating chocolate . how are you ?
prince is my favorite artist
great i do not like music , do you like movies ?
yes i do , german and americans
interesting , have you been to america ?
not really i want to
where would you want to go ?
persona
i m a photographer.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i love dogs.
persona II
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i am not a basketball player though.
i am almost 7 feet tall.
i would like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.
i currently work for ibm in chicago.
dialogue
i won a trip to hawaii for being in the top 100 salesmen for ibm .
ibm the computer ? that is awesome did they get bought by lenovo ?
i work for ibm here in chicago . what kind of work do you do ?
i do photography i was just in chicago last week
no they'ren't owned by anybody other than ibm and stockholders .
oh ok do you like what you do ?
i love it . my parents wanted me to play basketball since i'm almost 7 feet tall .
wow that is tall . what do you do on your spare time ?
i play music in a few bands . one is a rolling stones cover band .
really i have rolling stone on my sleeve of tatts
no visible tattoos for me . ibm do not like them very much for salesmen .
well yea i can see why they would not . do you like going to bars ? i do
i do sometimes but only the kind with live bands
o yea those are the best
no record spinners or pop music for me . it has to be a real band playing live
yea me and my friends go to this irish pub that has awesome bands
persona
i love to be run.
i like to dance with my friends.
i really like to go to school.
i am six feet tall.
persona II
i don't like green eggs and ham.
i love cooking.
i have a missing pinky toe.
i enjoy swimming.
dialogue
hello , my name is tom
hello my name is lucy how are you ?
i'm okay , a little sore from standing all day , how are you
pretty good here . sore as well family hike all day .
sounds fun , i spent most of my day cooking
that sounds yummy . for as tall as i am i can really put food away .
i can put it away as well ! gives me energy for swimming
same here gives me some for running and dancing . do you work ?
no i get workers comp , i lost my pinky toe on the job .
wow how did that happen . i'm looking to go back to school .
i worked in a kitchen and dropped a knife on my toe !
ouch ! you know you aren't suppose to do that . lol
yeah it was not my best moment , that's for sure
what hobbies do you have ?
mostly just swimming and cooking , can get hard with a missing toe !
i am sure you adapted well tho . what do you like to cook ?
persona
my favorite drink is red wine.
i work for a clothes retailer.
i enjoy gardening.
i have one child.
i own two boxer dogs.
persona II
i own a chevy tahoe.
my favorite food is steak.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i don't know how to swim.
dialogue
hi there , can you teach me how to swim ? looking for help .
i could , i have on kid and i taught him .
i'll repay you with my favorite meal , a ribeye . fair ?
dang , we can have my favorite drink . red wine
we can carpool if you want , i just bought a brand new tahoe !
sounds decent , i have two dogs though . boxers
they're welcome to come along . i can play metallica for them .
cool , do you have a job ? do you like metallica
yes , i sell domain names . i love metallica . you ?
they're decent . i sell clothing myself
nice , i love clothes . are they expensive ? maybe i can order some .
they can be , i can you the friend price .
good because i am broke after buying that tahoe i told you about .
do you have any hobbies
i love to do crafts , making bracelets actually .
that sounds like fun , i like to garden
persona
i eat meat.
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i recently started to work online.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i work on trucks.
i am twenty five years old.
i have a doberman.
i am a man.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today
i just started working online , selling stuff .
what do you sell ? i'm about to have my favorite lunch , pizza !
i sell my records . i once travelled through the usa as a musician , playing guitar .
oh that sounds like fun . . i work at an auto shop , on trucks . . you ?
mostly selling online compact discs that i gathered up while working the circuit .
oh okay . where are you from ?
missoula . i worked at a box factory there .
okay , my doberman and i are in chicago
are you female ?
nope all man . . i'm 25 , and you ?
me , too . i asked because my ex is a vegan , and i love meat .
oh i could never do that . . meat is too good
what else do you like . do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i am a violinist.
my mother was a nurse.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
persona II
i love to save money.
i am a couponer.
i shop several times a week.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
good and you ? i have played violin since i was 4 my career is a violinist .
cool . i'm a shopper , but i have tons of coupons
my mother wanted me to be a nurse which is what she was .
nurses are great . i donate things to the hospital for them
do you have any indian food coupons ? i've recently fallen in love with it .
i have every coupon you could think of
wonderful . do you have pets ? i'm going to adopt a dog
nope , no pets for me
oh , i see . children then ?
yes , that is why i try to save as much money as i can
yes , it is important to have a lot of money when you have children . i've 2 .
i also have two . jack and jillian
those are lovely names , yes .
yeah i loved that story as a kid lol
yes , it reminded me of that nursery rhyme .
persona
i have been in a relationship for 2 years.
i work at a daycare.
i am a college student.
my major is in business administration.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
persona II
i'm allergic to cats.
i'm a member of the ymca.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i love scary movies.
i am learning to play the piano.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
i'm great . how are you this evening ?
have you ever been to mars ?
nope i preferably choose earth lol
on mars i saw aliens and there is fresh water you can drink .
that sounds cool . what do you do for a living ?
i work at the ymca and i am a member too .
i am a college student who works with kids
kids will pull on your hair , that's why my hair is cut very short .
oh trust me i know
do you have any cats ?
no , do you have any pets ?
i've a big dog that's from pluto
you are an out of this world type
persona
my hair is black and curly.
my dog is my best friend.
my mom went crazy when i was three and i haven t seen her since.
i am an accountant.
persona II
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
dialogue
hello . how are you this miserable day ?
getting by . i'm in my office doing accounting work . what do you do ?
i hate my job , and want to quit , become a roadie for justin bieber .
nice . i would like to see jb with hair like mine , black and curly . would be funny
i love jb but hate standing in line to see him .
true . jb is great , named my dog bieber after him and he is my best friend
that's really cool . i really like my pants . i own five pair of them
what kind ? are they skinny jeans ?
they're . bright purple and glittery . i love them
great for your future roadie job .
exactly ! i wore them for my senior prom . still have the picture in my wallet .
senior prom was cool . unfortunately my mom wasn't around to see me dressed up .
that is unfortunate . my mom doesn't talk to me because of my life choices .
at least you have a mom . mine disappeared when i was 3 . . . went insane and left .
persona
i like to watch tv.
i am 10 years old.
i also love orange juice.
my name is arnold.
persona II
i brew my own beer.
i'm gay.
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i live in portland , oregon.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i so glad i bought a house with my lovey .
hi ! i am arnold . i live with my parents .
where do you live ? i am from portland , oregon .
i get to drink lots of orange juice cos i live in florida !
talking about drink , i brew beer with my gay partner .
is that like my classmate joey who has two dads ?
yes , it is like that . are you in college , if so what is your major ?
i am in 5th grade . i only know about college from tv .
wow , you are very young . i thought you'd be older .
you must be a grown up .
i'm . were your family able to evacuate florida when hurricane irma came ?
we are staying with grandma . she lets me watch cartoons .
persona
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i enjoy classical music.
i like to go to the opera.
i am six feet tall.
i love to vacation in paris.
persona II
i build aquariums for a living.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
i have six brothers.
my wife is legally deaf.
my parents are both over age 100.
dialogue
hi and how has your day been today ?
not too bad and how is your day going ?
great . making a new aquarium today . that is what i do for a living
wow that is interesting . . . . what type of fish ?
for any type of fish but not whale of course
getting ready for the opera . . . trying to find a dress is difficult . . . being 6 feet tall
6 feet ? amazing . my wife helps out even though she's legally certified deaf
that is okay . . . the fish do not make much noise
yes . i am such a lucky man to have my parents still living at 100 age
yes you are . . . . do they live with you ?
yes with my six amazing brothers . we are a one great happy family
wow . sounds like your wife is the lucky one . . . . seven men in one house . . . . . lol .
persona
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i enjoy playing video games.
persona II
i work at a real estate office.
i am in my 20s.
i love to sing.
i am dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
dialogue
hey hey ! hows is going ?
its going good and what about you ?
great , my boss asked me out , so hopefully we will be doing something entertaining .
your going to date your own boss ?
get to know him first , you know . it is a little weird that he's my boss
that cool , i hope thing work out so it not weird at work .
yeah me to , he is only 2 years older than me , i remember him from highschool
oh so you where friends before he was your boss ?
well , we knew each other , but never really talked . . .
ah well i guess it be less weird anyways . do you like video games ?
here and there , don't have too much time , being a real estate agent and all
whats your fav foods to eat ?
chinese ! love the noodles ! and egg rolls
mine is hot fried chicken and a rich chocolate cake !
yummy , i could go for some rich chocolate cake ! sounds amazing !
are you a night owl or a morning bird ?
persona
i love the beach.
i have been at my job for seven years.
i'm a vegan.
i love country music.
i like to read.
persona II
i have a daughter.
i love christmas.
i like fantasizing.
i wish magic was real.
dialogue
whats your favorite holiday , christmas is mine
i like christmas too . its a good time to read by the beach .
i love reading fantasy novels , magic rules
i like to play magic while listening to country music .
sounds good , my daughter is into magic stuff too
i'm raising my daughter vegan , like me . what do you do for a job ?
i am a teacher at a junior high
cool . i am a programmer . i've held this position for about seven years .
i teach english and creative writing
i love english ! what books do you read ? what writing do you do ?
i mainly write fantasy stuff . i like reading tolkien .
did you like the hobbit ? are you into any other movies ?
persona
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i have amazing eye sight.
i am a democrat.
i like to only eat fish.
persona II
i'm a youtube.
i've a cat named leela.
my dad is an airline pilot.
i make videos about makeup.
dialogue
hello , what are your hobbies
hey . i love eating fish .
that i such an odd hobby , i mostly film youtube videos
that is nice . i would film my tall parents
ahahah my dads an airline pilot , i should stick a go pro on him
yea you should . he must have great eyesight
he does ! i wear glasses unfortunately
oh no . but does that help ?
it does , i have gotten better at doing makeup to hopefully overlook that fault
that's great . i'd get lasik if i were you
maybe i'll , not sure if you can become a pilot after lasik , i'll check
yea i doubt so too
that is ok maybe i'll persue film editing
yea . you should . lots of jobs there
persona
i just graduated from high school.
i'll study computer science.
i m on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
i like playing games online.
i m a vegetarian.
persona II
i enjoy budweiser beer.
i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
i m the lead singer for an indie band.
i live in the city.
my horse never talks back to me.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
good just driving and thanks for asking
you are very welcome , where do you live ?
usa and you my friend ?
in nyc . i am going to school here for nursing .
just graduated school is fun . these games are fun to pass time .
what games ? i do not have time to play . i am a singer in a band .
i want to hear your band and hooked on games on phone
do you have any pets ? i've a horse , ed . he doesn't talk .
o i don't and that good what you eat today
i had an egg salad sandwich , what did you have ?
like salads and ranch is so great oh my
i am going to have a beer later , and hot wings .
not good for you and science proves it
i am not worried about it .
well this ride taking up my time i just so hooked on angry birds
persona
my grandpa was in wwii.
i own a chevy tahoe.
my favorite food is steak.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i do not know how to swim.
persona II
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
my dog is my best friend.
at all times , i am wearing something black.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
hello , i am great i was just doing research on my grandpa he was in wwii .
that's awesome ! i am drinking some chai tea it helps me sleep
i like eating steak and listening to rock before i fall asleep . do you like rock ?
i do sometimes . what do you do for a living
i work at a pool , but i don't know how to swim . what do you do ?
you should learn . i fix computers and hate it . but i do not tell anyone
www , that is too bad . should do something you enjoy . i love driving my tahoe !
there is good money in it . i drive a dodge challenger
nice ! what year is your dodge ?
its a  . do you have any pets
i've a dog named patrick . do you have pets ?
i've a dog too named duke he's my best friend
dukes a great name . pat howls to def leopard when i turn it up .
that is awesome and cute . well i have to go was nice meeting you
me , too . nice chatting with you .
persona
my hair is long and blonde.
i like to run.
my favorite color is blue.
my mother died when i was a child.
persona II
i like to drink green tea.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i enjoy watching mystery movies.
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i'm an author.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
i'm doing okay how are you ?
i am great . i went on a run this afternoon . what did you do today ?
i went to the gym i did a run an the stairmaster
that is awesome . do you have plans for the weekend ?
yes i do i am thinking of changing my hair from blonde to blue tips ! you ?
it will be nice here , so i'll hang out back and work on the story i'm writing .
oh you are a writer ? that's cool i wanted to write a story of my mom
i am a writer . what kind of story about your mom did you want to write ?
about her life as i can remember it , she passed on when i was 9
i am sorry to hear that . that sounds like a great story .
what do you like to write about ?
mysteries . they are my favorite . i watch a lot of mystery movies .
whats your favorite 1 ?
persona
i play music in my spare time.
i am committed to the environment.
i live in nashville.
i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
persona II
people don't like me too much but i like them anyways.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing great ! how are you ?
i am doing okay . could be better
maybe doing something you love would improve how you feel . what are your hobbies ?
i like to help out the poor . my loved ones get annoyed with how much i care
i know how that goes . i'm environmentally conscious , and my friends roll their eyes .
yes , they get even more because i make apps that can help make the world better
every little thing counts , even going to farmers markets love going there on weekends .
yes , any little thing counts ! we need to take care of the world
so glad we agree ! what kind of music do you like ?
i like christian electronic dance music , you ?
interesting . i'm a country girl through and through .
persona
my favorite hero is superman.
i am 8 years old.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i love comic books.
my name is todd.
persona II
i have brown eyes.
my mother was a weightlifter.
my feet smell.
i've blonde hair.
i love money.
dialogue
i have muscles like my mother . we both make money weightlifting .
you know who else has big muscles ? superman !
yes he does . you like people with blonde hair and brown eyes ? lets be friends .
i like comic books . i love superhero ones .
cool . smelly feet don't bother you do they ? you like money ? i do .
smelly feet are gross . sometimes mine smell if my feet are sweaty .
great ! moms says brown eyed people who read comic are smart . you a superhero ?
someday i'll be a superhero .
my mom makes money weightlifting . her feet stink too .
your mom sounds cool . can i meet her sometime ?
sure . i hope you become moneyman my favorite superhero . my mom likes money too .
that would be cool if moneyman and superman were in a comic together .
persona
i like going on walks.
i have a son.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
persona II
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i moved out when i was 14.
my mother met elvis.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
dialogue
hello , how is your day ? i just got done listening to an audiobook
hi . i just finished going on a walk with my son .
nice . no kids for me . but one day , and we will go to the beach a lot
that does sound like fun . the beach is relaxing .
i enjoy being by the water a lot . that or i am watching cartoons or movies
i enjoy laughing and it sounds like you do too .
definitely ! funny story , my mom met elvis ! she said he was funny
well he was quite the entertainer , i hear .
definitely . i live in vegas , left home at  . i see him everywhere
i've seen graceland . if i could leave my small bakery i'll go again .
i've not seen that . do you like it ? a small bakery sounds cozy
yes i liked it . were you scared to leave home at 14 ?
not really . it was better for me to leave . cartoons and books helped me get through it
good thing . laughter helps me every day .
it is the best medicine ! that is why cartoons are better than movies
yes i like dora the explorer and old bugs bunny cartoons .
persona
i am a technician.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i love history.
i love to play softball.
persona II
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
i cannot get enough of lindsey spirlings music.
dialogue
hey whats up ? how are you ?
i am doing good thank you for asking . and you ?
i'm pretty good . stressful night . you like white russians ? lol
yes , they are decent . i prefer jack and coke .
gotcha . i love coffee and alcohol . i smoke way to much though . like 2 packs a day
wow that's a lot . what are your hobbies ?
well i love music . play a lot . i'm obsessed with lindsey stirling lol
music is great , but i really enjoy softball . its my favorite hobby .
womens softball is hot haha any favorite foods ?
ha ha ! yes , veggie pizza is my all time favorite .
well mine could not be more opposite haha . i looooove meatloaf
ha ha . what do you do for a living ? i work as a technician .
persona
my favorite song is barbie girl.
my name is nancy.
i'm an only child.
i like barbies.
i m a girl.
persona II
i m in grad school.
i work in a coffee shop.
i love to read true crime books.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
dialogue
hey , how is it going ?
great what are you up to today ? i am sad because i have no brothers
i am drinking carmel cappuccino !
that sounds awful actually
well , being in graduate school , i need the caffeine !
oh i am also in grad school . rather just finished .
great ! grad school is a lot of writing . . .
yes it is i wrote about 500 pages in my diss
wow ! i haven't even started that yet .
grad school is also a lot of whining . i'm nancy .
hi nancy ! i'm melody . . .
that is a pretty game what is your favorite song ?
i like uptown funk . . . whats yours ?
barbie girl is the greatest music of all time
nice ! what was you dissertation about ?
it is about my experience as an only child from an ontological perspective
persona
we have two sons.
i like to attend wine tours.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to paint.
persona II
i prefer summer.
i don t like dresses.
my favorite hero is flash.
i love butterflies.
i type one handed.
dialogue
hello . what is your favorite season ?
summer time , because i like to go on wine tours .
i like summer too . even though its really hot and i hate wearing dresses . . .
do you have a family ?
no , i was adopted and do not have children myself . do you have kids ?
yes , i have 2 sons and a husband . he's two decades older than me .
as a kid i saw the superhero flash . love him .
i like visiting museums and went to a super heroes museum .
once i went to a zoo and they had a butterfly park . gorgeous .
i wish i can paint that . i like painting .
sorry if i'm taking long ; i type one handed .
that seems very weird and difficult .
yes , i'm an extremely weird person .
do you wanna be weird together ? i can paint you .
persona
i'm thin.
i like to hunt.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i am blonde.
persona II
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go hunting.
i like to shoot a bow.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am preparing some food . sorry for the wait . whats going on ?
i am just getting ready for the halloween holiday soon
nice i might go trick or treating as a zombie . i do love candy .
i'm not sure what i might dress up as but my daughters want to dress up
ha nice . so you have family ?
yes . i've two daughters . do you have a family ?
i just moved back in with my mom . probably will get a place next year .
oh that is nice . i remodel houses
i used to but it is a pain in the butt .
i go hunting during hunting seasons . how about you ?
i like to dove hunt . but haven't been lately .
i never of dove hunting . have you ever shot a bow before ?
yes i've but i like muzzleloaders .
what else do you like to do for fun ?
i like to watch tv . what about you ?
persona
i work in a diner.
i live with my best friend.
i also own a cupcake business.
i am always late.
persona II
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i do yoga three times a week.
i am married with 2 kids.
i live in chicago.
i am a high school teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good you ? just got home from my shift at the diner .
do you enjoy the work ?
sort of . i hate the late nights . i also own a cupcake bakery .
do you enjoy the bakery though
yeah i do . i run it with mt best friend , who is also my roommate .
who is the better chef
hmm , not sure . were both pretty good . what do you do for work ?
i do teaching jobs yeah
that sounds fun . do you like it
yeah but it is hard work
i can imagine . what do you do to wind down ?
i do volunteer work yeah
interesting . where are you from ?
persona
both my parents are creative.
i dream of playing music for a living.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
persona II
i love traveling.
i like photography.
i like to bake pies.
i like to garden.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hey , i am good . how about yourself ?
i'm tired ! i have just finished baking five pies to take off tomorrow .
five pies ? sounds exhausting . where are you taking them ?
i'm traveling to a family reunion tomorrow .
have a safe and fun trip ! i'm also traveling tomorrow for a music gig .
i actually photograph local bands for a club in my area .
i'm still in college but music is my passion . maybe we have seen each other around .
i do not know . i'm married , two kids , and i'm a garden architect .
perhaps you have photographed some of my musician friends though . you sound pretty creative like my parents !
photography is a side job and i get to travel for it sometimes . east coast
cool . i'm studying for my music industry degree and hope to play music for a living .
i feel like the industry is getting both easier and harder to break into .
easier with social media but difficult using traditional methods . do you enjoy your job ?
exactly ! yes , landscape architecture is always changing . people are using more sustainable materials now .
glad you are using methods to help our planet ! important to be open to change .
persona
i'm a karate black belt.
i love to sing.
i have 3 children.
my wife has terminal cancer.
persona II
i am bored with my current lifestyle.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i wish i could speak another language.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
dialogue
hello there tell me about yourself
hello . well my hobbies including singing and karate . black belt here you ?
i love learning about cultures outside of the us
that is bwhybi married an exotic woman . . . but cancer is taking her slowly
oh no . i'm sorry to hear that . that is sad
yes she has given me wonderful children . . . two boys and a girl . shelves on through them
yea of course . that is good to think positive
so tell me more about you
well i am pretty bored . lol i live on my computer
i live on my smartphone or gaming console
yea i hear ya . lol i watch a lot of foreign stuff to
i fight the vex daily . or this annoying dregs
oh really ? i really wanna learn other languages
konnichiwa watashiwa tara desu . kon bon wa ?
persona
i don t get along with my family.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
regular life disappoints me.
i enjoy classical music.
persona II
i like sleeping.
i write.
i watch youtube videos.
i've brown hair.
i work at mcdonald s.
dialogue
how are you doing dear friend ?
i'm doing good , and you ?
where do you spend your holidays from ?
i usually do not go anywhere . i do like cold weather , howver
however what is wrong with cold weather and you ?
i do wish i was a dog , i think life would be easier !
how is the life of a dog simpler than that of a woman ?
well , not as much to care about
so what makes you feel like being a dog ?
well , i don't get along with my family
why , are your parents nagging or not listening ?
well , it both of those
do you have any relatives whom you can visit to be away from them sometimes
i do , but they are pretty far , but great idea !
now like in holidays you can beg them to allow you visit them
this is true , and i think i just might
persona
i'm getting married next week.
my family hates my fiance.
we are getting married in a park.
my dog is the ring bearer.
persona II
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i've 2 kids.
i hate tomatoes.
i'm very short.
i am a female.
dialogue
hello ! i just got my kids off to school
hey ! how old are the kids ? my fiance doesn't want kids
they're good ! i've two of them . it is difficult in a wheel chair .
you are in a wheelchair or your kids are ?
i'm . it is difficult but i make it
you should come to my wedding next week if you can !
congratulations ! that would be so fun ! i'd need a dress .
absolutely ! my dog is going to be our ring bearer actually
that's so cute ! i don't have any pets .
it is ! but my parents are not a fan of my fiance which sucks .
oh that has to be rough . family is important .
it is hard but i do my best , are you married ?
i'm . my husband always wants tomatoes to eat and i hate them !
we can make sure there are no tomatoes on the menu for the reception !
perfect ! it sounds like fun . did you get your dress ?
my suit actually its navy and i am looking forward to saturday , the day of the wedding .
persona
i love the snow.
my favorite actor is robert denaro.
i like to surf every chance i get.
i am saving for college.
persona II
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i have been divorced for 2 years.
i work at the local bank.
i'm a cat person.
i love collecting teapots.
dialogue
hi how ar you doing
great just got done surfing some waves . how are you ?
i am good getting ready to go to work at th bank
i am only working part time , trying to save for college though .
that is smart do you like cats
i do very much . do you have any ?
i've three they are the best
nice ! do you live somewhere it snows ? i really like it .
yes but i do not think my cats like it
i bet they do not . who is your fav actor ?
i like brad pitt what abou you
mine is robert denaro he's amazing .
he is good do you collect anything ?
i don't really collect anything . how about you ?
i collect teapots i started when i was a little girl
that's nice how many do u have ?
persona
i work as a trauma surgeon.
my wife is a college professor.
i graduated top of my class.
my mother was a concert pianist.
persona II
i am a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i am buying a house.
i play the piano.
i am single.
i paddle board on my days off.
dialogue
hey there , how are you today ?
good . just hanging with my wife .
how is she ? last i heard she had a crazy rash .
she's a college professor and enjoys that .
well good for her ! what does she teach now ?
english . it is her favorite .
i'd have gotten into teaching if i was not a nurse .
it seems to be rewarding .
i cannot chat long , i am going paddle boarding soon .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
it is my favorite thing to do on my days off .
i enjoy it as well .
do you have plans for tonight ?
i am going dancing with my wife .
persona
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i am never still.
persona II
i make cars for a living.
i like to sit on couch all day.
i love mac and cheese.
i make 30k a year.
dialogue
hey how i would it going
pretty good . finally have a day off from the airport unless another plane breaks down .
wow sounds like you are on call , i create cars for a living
oh , i love cars . never spend more that 100 on one though . junk to some
cool you restore cars ?
yep , i love to work on cars , airplanes , love to keep busy .
very nice , how much do you make a year ?
i don't know . i just cannot sit still , work everyday , my partner does the taxes .
o okay was wondering i make 30k
oh , i am pretty sure a bit more that that as i get lots of ot .
yeah you work on planes and i work on cars , was comparing haha
i have been doing it for years . how long have you been in the business ?
5 years now , but been in to cars my whole life
what type of car are you currently working on ?
persona
my name is frank.
i'm the general manager of the local grocery store.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
persona II
i play many instruments.
i give lessons on string instruments.
i like to travel.
my favorite music genre is classical.
i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
i am great thanks i am just enjoying the view in canada . i am frank how about you
john . i am pretty tired , just flew in from england .
i am currently on a cycling ride but i stopped top have a read of my book
i just got back from teaching an orchestra classical music .
love music ! but cycling is my passion i hope to compete professionally
i couldn't do that i do not think ! broke my leg once when i was a kid !
that is unfortunate they sell healing cream in the grocery store i manage
i am sure . never got on a bike again . learned the guitar instead .
never really learnt an instrument i just learned to ride to canada on weekends
that's how it started for me too ! then i learned other instruments and now i teach !
that's great man
persona
i love my work and just got promoted.
i'm married with three kids.
i enjoy golfing.
i work for a large law firm.
i listen to classical music.
persona II
i am a 70 year old man.
i live alone in a cabin.
i own a boat.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
i've 5 grandchildren.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight
very good , thank you . how about you ?
i'm doing good just watching the news
are you happy with your life ? do you like what you do ?
yes i'm happy with my life and yes i'm a stay at home mom
oh , i can relate , in a way . my wife stays home with kids .
that is cool how many kids do you have
three two mischievous boys and a princess girl .
i have two boys and one girl my self boys are easier to deal with lol
well , mine listen to their mom better , too , for some reason .
lol they usually listen to the mom
do you have time for hobbies ? i like to golf .
yes i love baking cakes and decorating them
your kids have a great mom ! i bet they love the cakes .
omg yes they do i made a xbox 360 cake
that had to be a hit . what does your husband do ?
persona
i'm an avid fisherman.
i've a george foreman grill at home.
i know how to play the guitar.
i hate fast food.
persona II
i ve been divorced for 2 years.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i love collecting teapots.
i work at the local bank.
i m a cat person.
dialogue
hi i'm tracy my cats name is oreo
hi tracy . do you like to go fishing ?
not really i collect tea sets
tea is cool . i like any kind of food except fast food
i cant do fast food my grandmother lives in my pool house
a pool house sounds nice . do you live in california ?
yes i been divorced almost 3 years
i'm glad you are not lonely , do you like to swim
yes i got a new suit with my bonus from work
awesome . are you dating then ?
it been dry most don't understand my grandmother live on my property not with me
i guess so . you just need to keep putting yourself out there
believe me i am trying to
try joining local clubs or organizations
i do the gym and volunteer at the pet shelter
well then i think meeting the one is going to happen for you
persona
i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn t very personally fulfilling.
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
persona II
i m headed to university of michigan in the fall.
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
i want to be a doctor when i graduate.
dialogue
hello , how old are you ?
i am 30 years old , how old are you ?
well , i just got out of high school . going to college next fall .
nice any plans on what you want to study ?
i've always dreamed of being a doctor . what do you do for work ?
i'm a legal assistant but being a activist is what i love
that sounds very exciting . did you enjoy college ? i'm nervous to leave the state .
yes , you will be fine . where are you going ?
the university of michigan . i hope the summer is nice there , it is my favorite season .
i like the fall time , it is so relaxing
fall can be pretty nice . i like fall foods . what is your favorite food ?
i love mac and cheese . what about you ?
my favorite is tacos , however i detest spaghetti .
i'm not a fan of spaghetti
me either . what other things do you like ?
i like helping other , supernatural and classic cars
persona
i believe in fairytales.
i love the natural world beauty.
i m obsessed with animals.
my family is poor.
persona II
i wear glasses that are cateyes.
my eyes are green.
i want to be a librarian.
my skin is olive colored.
my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
dialogue
hi do my glasses make me look ugly ? ?
hi . i don't think so . i think everything is naturally beautiful .
well i hate my green eyes
my favorite fairytale character has green eyes . do you think fairytales are real too ?
i do but i was raised in italy which is why my skin is so olive
that is so cool ! i'm too poor to go to italy . it sounds like lots of fun .
i love books which is why i work in library
me too . i mostly read the books about animals because i love animals so much .
speaking of animals i think skunks get a bum deal hence their on my purse
i only use artificially made accessories . i do not believe in killing animals !
it is the skunk from looney tunes so if its real i'm blind
oh , pepe le pew ? i wish i could afford a purse with him on it too .
yeah i got it for my college graduation
cool ! what did you major in ?
art and design nothing fancy
if i could go to school , i would do something to travel the world .
persona
i am a writer.
i've ten nieces and nephews.
i enjoy going to museums.
i'm married.
i live in new york city.
persona II
i have braces.
i'm fifteen years old.
i live in america in the state of florida.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
dialogue
whats shakin bacon ? how are you . . .
hi ! just going to myoma with my wife .
what is myoma ? if you do not mind me asking . .
museum of modern art , it is close to my apartment .
ll i wasn't even thinking that . sounds like a lot of fun tho . .
love it ! we will meet with all my nieces and nephews , 20 altogether !
that is a big group !
sure it is ! how are you today ?
i am good , about to go to the dentist in a bit .
not fun . i wrote a novel whose main caracter was a dentist .
not at all , but gotta have my braces checked out . what kind of novel was it , fiction or non ?
i mainly write fiction novels .
cool . i prefer fiction , or documentaries . kind of a nerd i suppose .
i'm a little nerdy too ! where do you live ?
i live in florida now
did you have any damage because of irma ?
persona
i am a fruitarian.
i make my own soap.
i make my own compost.
i like to garden.
i have my own greenhouse.
persona II
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i own a chevy tahoe.
dialogue
hello , my grandpa fought in wwii and i eat steak a lot .
i've not had steak since i started my fruit diet
fruit only ? you sound like a fly . drive my chevy tahoe with me .
yes i only eat fruit that i grow in my greenhouse
rock music only for me , it is my favorite ! so you eat tomatoes ?
i don't listen to much music but yes i do eat tomatoes
tomatoes make my gums bleed .
ouch that doesn't sound good you should get that checked out .
hopefully i do not have serious problems .
yes that wouldn't be good
i'm happy that you are care for me .
i make a soap you can use as a mouthwash that may help
that sounds awful . but then again , i love eating soap .
i make it from things that i grow in my garden
your garden is amazing . do you grow steaks ? they're my favorite .
no i do not raise animals . do you have any ?
persona
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i love rock music.
i am engaged.
i'm taking courses online.
i like ice cream.
persona II
i am a savage.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i am stuck in the past due to remotness.
i've no technological skills.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
good afternoon , i am so happy !
me too ! ! ! i love my job so much
i'm getting married ! ! ! why you love yo job ?
i create videos for the discovery channel
oh really ? which kind ? like butter pecan ?
my favorite food is pizza
its okay , i like music a loy , rock music .
i love animals do you have any pets
i don't i just drive the cab
what city ? do you meet any celebs ?
sometimes , come to my wedding
where is the wedding going to be ?
i want to have it in nyc
nice i have never been there is it really crammed up
not really i like it i'm in school online
persona
i am a steelers fan.
i enjoy broadway shows.
i love to travel.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
persona II
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
my name is tom.
i try to watch what i eat.
i'm east asian.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hey i am great , just watching the steelers game , i am a big fan !
nice do you work then
my job has my travelling around the world which i love , you ?
i do not work but love food
what is your favorite kind of food ?
definitely pizza oh wow so good
i love some good pizza , what is your favorite band ?
probably tom petty , and you ?
the avett brother are my favorite , tom petty was a great guy .
yeah that's very sad news
do you go to any broadway shows ? i love them .
i've never been actually
we will have to go to one some day , it would be fun !
persona
i'm a perfectionist.
if things aren't done right i will redo them again and again.
i work too much.
i think i need a vacation.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
persona II
i'm in a motorcycle club.
i've more then 10 tattoos.
i'm a grown woman.
i've never lost a fight.
dialogue
hi ! tell me about yourself
hi i am a graphic designer from cali
really cool ! i'm not big on fashion but i've a lot of tats
what do you do for a living ?
i am a secretary but i am a member of a motorcycle club too
what city are you from ?
i am from dallas . what about you ?
i am from cali . have you ever been ?
no i have not but i would like to one day .
i used to live near dallas
i am sorry . i would like to move . always getting in fights here .
are you in to gangs ?
only motorcycle ones lol . i'm actually just a tough woman
you are a woman lol ?
persona
i am confined to my bed.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i enjoy playing computer games.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
persona II
i'm 29 years old.
i live in a suburb of boston.
i'm a night owl.
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
dialogue
how are you doing today
been better . sucks being stuck in a hospital bed !
why are you in the hospital
i do stunts and post them on social media . this stunt broke my leg .
what kind of stunt was it
i play tony hawk 3 , and tried to mimic a back flip . didn't work !
at least you did not break your back
true . so i am stuck here . . . wish i could see rufus . how are you ?
who is rufus ? i am good .
rufus is my dog ! love when he visits . do you have a dog ?
i do not . i like to hike and be outside .
whats your favourite hiking spot ?
i like to go to the mountains
fresh air up there . do you hike alone ?
never . that'sn't safe .
you are right . could get hurt like me ! what else do you like doing ?
persona
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
winter is my favorite season.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
my parents are lawyers.
persona II
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
i like folk music.
dialogue
hello , it is nice to meet you .
hi nice to meet you . i am excited winter is coming i love the season
me too . the snow is great . i love hiking through the snow .
its fun . what do you do for work ?
i'm a marketer . i work in advertisement . how about you ?
i'm in school my parents are wanting me to go to law school
and what do you want ? that is what is most important .
i do not want to be a lawyer like them at all
i always wanted to be a professional wrestler but i am out of shape .
that would be cool but they travel alot
i also love traveling so it would be a win , win . do you like music ?
music yes big fan , of swimsuits not at all
i enjoy folk music . what is your favorite ?
i like pop music i buy alot on itunes
persona
i am a teacher.
i grew up in new hampshire.
my favorite food is mexican.
i love to dance.
persona II
i often help her sort books in the library.
my mother is a librarian.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i'm going to school for writing.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
dialogue
what are you doing ? i have been reading all night , needed a break .
just finishing up grading some of my students papers . what you reading
games of thrones . i love fantasy books . are you a teacher ?
never even watched got . yes , i'm . what do you do professionally ?
what do you teach ? i am a student right now , hoping to eventually become a journalist
english in mexico . i moved here from new hampshire . awesome choice .
cool . do you have family in mexico or just in new hampshire ?
just in new hampshire . but i love mexico , especially their foods .
whats it like teaching english ? i go to school for writing and i love it .
its very enjoyable . just watching these kids learn is amazing . always go for your dreams .
could not agree more . learning is really important .
yes , but there's always some time for fun like dancing .
i wish i could dance . writing and reading is all i
i am sure if you try you have some moves . i just love it .
persona
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i love to have my nails done.
i'm allergic to cats.
i have one little boy named owen.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
persona II
i enjoy running at night.
i like spicy food.
i have always had long hair.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
good , just got my nails done at the salon then on to the beauty pageant . yourself ?
oh wow , sounds fun . i am about to eat lunch and then head to work .
nice . my husband has a good job as a corporate attorney .
interesting . i work at the movie theater , i have been there for four years .
i took my only son owen yesterday ! he had alot of fun .
that's great ! glad he had fun !
it was until after a cat chased us ! we are both allergic ! scary ! ! !
that sounds like quite the adventure . i love running but not away from something lol !
yeah i hear ya . i hope that animal can find that cat a home .
i hope so too . so what color did you get your nails done for the pageant ?
ah blue to match my different outfits . i hope i win !
persona
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i am a farmer.
i like to hike.
persona II
i am a senior in high school.
i am interested in producing music.
i have been in band all four years of high school.
i'm going to start school at the university of kentucky.
dialogue
hello ! i am a band loving senior in high school , you ?
i actually work on the farm
that is really cool , i live in the city , hoping to get in to university of kentucky .
i hope you get into it . i never went to school . too many siblings
maybe i'll get to know country life there . are you close with them ?
yes i am . i have 3 brothers . we go hiking together
awesome ! i enjoy it when my family and i go camping , we always do some hiking .
that's great . do you like to fish ?
i sure do . just do not like to eat it .
i miss fishing . i can not do it anymore because i lost my arm
sorry they make poles now just for people with your disability . what do you do for fun
i mainly enjoy the outdoors . what about you ?
i listen to music , in hopes to be a producer one day
that is impressive . have you done schooling for it ?
persona
i sell paper products for a living.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i am a great cook.
i am under 6 feet tall.
persona II
i shop online , too much.
i don t believe in love.
i live alone.
i like to drink.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i kind of have a headache . how about yourself ?
it was great , all day shopping online
yeah i've been online all day too . probably need to get outside tomorrow .
yeah me too . do you believe in love ? i do not
i believe in love i guess but i do not know if i've ever been in love .
i do not believe in it , that is why i'm alone
do you prefer to be alone ? do you want to believe in love ?
i do but its hard i guess . that's why i drink alot
i had a few beers this afternoon . what do you drink ?
mostly tequila , i'm mexican
viva la mexico ! i have been a few times .
oh yeah . what part did you go to ? i'm from morelia mexico
i went to carmen del playa . went on a cruise . i love fajitas .
that's a great place to visit , i like going to the rivera maya
never been but i was in texas a few months ago . was going to go to monterrey .
persona
i am divorced and looking to date.
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i'm a professional bowler.
i have two children , a boy and a girl.
i work at an insurance firm.
persona II
i like to go to the lake.
i like to read horror novels.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hi ! how is your sunday ?
hi ! my sunday is going well so far . how is your day ?
fantastic just going down the lake for a swim
do you have any children ?
i don't . i've my horror novels to keep me busy
you sound like an interesting person .
i am a very interesting accountant you could say
i work for an insurance company . would you want to go out someday ?
i would love too ! maybe i can show you some novels
i would love that ! we could bowl too ; i'm a professional .
that sounds like fun ! i love blue colored balls
i have a daughter and a son who also love blue colored balls . you should meet them
i should ! that sounds very nice
i have been looking for a good date ever since i got a divorce . you sound great
well i've tons of money , we would be a good match
i care for my grandmother during the week . she could really use some money , you know
persona
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
my name is sarah.
i'm a school teacher.
persona II
i listen to classical music.
i love my work and just got promoted.
i am married with three kids.
i enjoy golfing.
i work for a large law firm.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i'm doing well , just listening to classical music .
hello , i'm sarah , i'm well , and you ?
hi sarah . do you like to golf ? its one of my fads .
i'm a 5th . grade teacher near oakville , ny , i hate golf
the law firm i work for just promoted me . they are a large one .
i do enjoy watching gold and tennis but not playing it
are you married ? i'm , with three kids .
nope , i really love to read and i love to relax a bit
i really love doing my work .
usually by the lake on the weekends
cool , well have a good one . bye .
i like goobers and popcorn with soda , do you ?
persona
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
i like snowboarding.
i've been in 3 triathlons.
persona II
i do not like wearing pants when i do not have to.
i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books.
my girlfriend tells me she's going to leave me almost every day.
i am a really , really good guitar player.
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
dialogue
hello . what are you doing ?
hello . just getting in the house from a job . yourself ?
just fighting with my girlfriend as she tells me she's going to leave every day .
i am sorry . how do you feel about that ?
its not the best feeling .
i understand . i do things that i hate sometimes too . anything make it bette ?
well i am a great guitar player so that relaxes me .
nice ! i think i am a pretty good snowboarder . maybe a good runner too .
i like playing guitar at home since i don't have to wear pants .
even nicer ! . i run two miles or more a day and i hate it a lot .
i also watch movies . weirdly i love john gresham movies but not his books .
oh . movies are great . i've competed in three different triathlons
i do not have that much energy . do you work ?
yes . its a mundane job at most . how about yourself ?
persona
i will graduate from college in two years.
my parents are divorced.
i'm an excellent student.
i could not live without my dog , bart.
i am very popular and have a lot of friends.
persona II
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i'm chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
i love to larp.
i'm tall and blonde.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i really should work out .
are you overweight ? working out is great for everyone
i am . most of my friends are too . i role play games with them .
what kind of roleplaying do you do ?
dungeons and dragons mostly . i like being a knight .
that's really cool . i need to do something like that . i am in college
that is awesome . what are you studying ?
just basic classes right now . i get too caught up with hanging out with friends
i like to hang out with friends too . we listen to music a lot .
what kind of music do you like ?
insane clown posse is my preference . they rock .
they are interesting for sure . my dog hates them though
your dog has bad taste ! lol
haha he might . his name is bart and he is my world
i am glad you love your dog . what do you do for work ?
i just focus on school . i get great grades . what about you ?
persona
i paint with watercolors.
i hate cleaning.
my favorite color is blue.
i work in finance.
i am italian american.
persona II
my cat died.
i have a dog named percy.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
i like books about trains.
i like thomas the tank engine.
dialogue
hi ! how area you doing today ?
doing great ! i've had my coffee and am in an artistic mood .
do you draw a lot ?
i try to do some painting when i get a chance on the weekends .
what do you do for a living then ?
i work in the banking industry . how about you ?
i'm like a little boy . i loveeee trains .
cool ! do you have model trains ?
of course ! i love my boy thomas the tank engine .
thomas ! my favorite color too . now i'm thinking about his town of odor .
odor always reminds me of honor . honor .
hmm . i am not familiar with honor . tell me more .
persona
i really enjoy reading the news.
i wish i could play the stock market well.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i love new technology.
persona II
i'm fifteen years old.
i live in america in the state of florida.
i have braces.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
dialogue
hi there . where ya from ? i am from florida
hi ! i am just north of you in the great state of georgia !
cool ! never been there ! hear it is quite pretty .
that's awesome , i really enjoy new technology . do you use the stock market ?
no i do not . but i like dogs and i own one named maddie .
cute ! i'm always looking for ways to make money , i do not understand the stock market
me either . and i don't care to ha .
we are in the same boat then . i like to read the news , do you ?
yes . although at times it gets too sad .
i agree . well it was very nice getting to know you . have a great day !
same to you . nice talking with you .
i did have another question for you . what kind of dog ?
american husky is the breed . i love them
i've a cock a poo he loves big dogs though
those are sweet . my uncle has one . his loves bigger dogs too . funny !
they're so fluffy , do you groom your husky ?
persona
i've three great danes.
i love the all american rejects.
i despise sweet potatoes.
i run marathons.
persona II
i am a guitar player.
my parents don't know i'm gay.
welding is my career field.
i like playing video games.
i am primarily a meat eater.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
doing great how are you
great just sitting her playing some video games .
i am just listening to some toons myself
cool ! work was horrible today , i got welders flash .
how does that happen ?
when you forget to flip your hood down .
oh and it hurts your eyes the light ?
yes , its not safe to weld with out a hood . oops !
i train dogs so not a worry for me
very cool ! i enjoy playing the guitar too .
can you play any all american rejects
some ! favorite band i take it ?
can you play any all american rejects
favorite foods ? i love meat .
yes sir been to many of their live shows
persona
i travel at least once a year.
i love to watch the voice.
i graduated from princeton.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i'm currently listening to bach.
persona II
my wife is legally deaf.
my parents are both over age 100.
i build aquariums for a living.
i have six brothers.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
dialogue
hi there . how are things going with you ?
hi i am good getting ready to go to a museum
what type of museum are you visiting today ?
an art museums i love to visit them when i have free time
that's terrific . i build aquariums and am always on the lookout for background art .
that's cool where do you build these ?
in central florida but i complete many custom jobs which allows me to travel worldwide .
that is nice i like to travel a lot too
i have three older brothers and three younger brothers spread out across the country .
do you get to visit thm very often
no . my parents are both 101 and currently live with my wife and i .
wow that's crazy do you like to watch tv
i do . my brother in law is president of paramount pictures what is your favorite show ?
i like the voice its my favorite
i enjoy the voice as well . do you sing ?
no but i love listening to music
persona
many people want to be my friend.
i like makeup.
i love to exercise.
i'm not a nice person.
i've a nice smile.
persona II
my horse never talks back to me.
i live in the city.
i'm still a student , but i'm gonna be a nurse.
i'm the lead singer for an indie band.
dialogue
i reside in an urban area , how about you ?
i live in an urban area too
though i do not life in the country i'm an equine owner .
what is an equine owner ?
it keeps saying i am copying stuff so that's an animal that cowboys ride .
that's interesting do you have alot of friends ?
i'm too busy , as i'm enrolled in an educational institution to become a medical professional .
that is great are u planning on becoming a doctor ?
i'm aiming lower . for fun i produce vocals with a group .
what do u like to do to stay physical active ?
my equine provides ample opportunity for exercise . what about you ?
i love to play volleyball , basketball .
are you in school still ?
no graduated in december of 20 with my bachelors degree
persona
my parents passed away in a car accident.
i am a ballet dancer.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i like movies based on comedies.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
persona II
i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
i'm a profesional translator.
i am currently unemployed so i've time to write.
after finishing my career i discovered that i'm not that passionate about it.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
doing well , taking a break from practicing for my ballet show
cool ! how long have you been doing ballet ?
many years , since i was a child . what do you do ?
professional translation . i'm currently unemployed though so i'm writing a novel !
what is your novel about ?
a crime story set in new york !
that sounds very exciting ! good luck with the novel !
thank you ! so what are your hobbies ?
dance takes over most of my life but in my spare time i like to watch movies
cool ! what sort of movies do you like to watch ?
comedies are my favorite . i like dry humor the best
persona
i enjoy cooking and baking.
i love to travel.
i grew up by the ocean.
i like to eat pizza.
persona II
i've not had to work a day in my life.
i don't know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i think i need botos soon.
i'm fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuitton.
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
dialogue
hey there honey , how you doing ? i seriously could use a manicure right now . . .
hi , i would love to give you one but my specialty is cooking .
awe , well you could come with , then i need to stop and get my lips did
sure i will go with you but i'm baking a pizza right now , my favorite . come eat .
oh yum ! i might ruin my figure but pizzas worth it !
oh who cares about figures . bigger the beautifuler i say .
right ! ; so what do you do for a living ?
nothing , i'm retired , mostly i travel and eat pizza by the ocean
haha cute ! i've a degree in fashion but still haven't got the courage to start
you should go for it , fashion is hot ! !
yeah , my sis in law is totally jealous of me , but i wish she would just support me instead
oh yeah , sorry she's busy supporting me
persona
i work in the it industry.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i'm a christian.
i like football.
my father used to work for microsoft.
persona II
i don't believe in love.
i am adopted.
i ride horses in my spare time.
i work at an accounting firm.
i'm an only child.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
pretty well are you adopted ?
no i am not adopted , i grew up in a big christian family , were you adopted ?
i was and i do not believe love
i'm sorry to hear that , god loves you though .
do you have any horses ?
i do not have any horses , do you enjoy any sports ? i watch football
i horseback ride that's physically demanding
wow that's impressive ! how long have you been riding horses ?
for as long as i can remember
do you have any favorite bands ? i like to listen to kings of leon
i do not . i should listen to more music
if you have time you should check out kings of leon !
persona
both my parents are creative.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i dream of playing music for a living.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
persona II
i like to read.
i like to swim.
i work for the navy.
i'm blue and tall.
my favorite show is thevoice.
dialogue
hello , my hobby is to read books .
that's nice , my parents write books , they are creative .
that's wonderful , writing is also a good hobby
what are you up to today ?
i'm done with my work and just finished buying groceries .
my dream is to play music for my job one day .
nice . what type of music do you like ?
i enjoy classical music , it is tough as a music student living at home to get along .
classical music make me feel calm and release the stress .
tht is great , do you like cars ?
yes i do . my family is in the automotive business .
my dad is as well , he works in the industry .
wow , we have something in common . it was nice talking to you .
it was nice talking to you as well , we should hangout sometime .
yes . have a good day
my mother works in telecommunications
persona
i'm the youngest sibling of four.
i geocache in my spare time.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
chocolate is my favorite food.
i am a school psychologist.
persona II
i graduated top of my class.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i've one little girl.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work at the hospital
pretty good , you have a very good day at work ?
yes ! i got to amputate a leg and put a skull back together ! !
its crazy what you saying , but i hope everything went very well
i'm a trauma surgeon at a level 4 trauma center , it went well
it is good to be a doctor in addition to being a surgeon
it was a lot of school but i like it . hope my daughter does follows .
all your operations are successful then ?
not always , sometimes the injuries from accidents are too severe . always sad but it happens .
it would be good , and it is well as profession
yes . what do you do for fun ?
this is the routine of the trade
my mother is a concert pianist . i think i inherited her agile hands
i do not really know
do you have any hobbies ?
i'm always looking for anything that can give me a bit of fun
persona
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
i wear a uniform to work.
my house is paid for.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
i ve never been a fan of sports.
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm doing well , just taking a break at work . how are you ?
me too . i've been training a lot in a recent archery class i joined . i love it
do you do archery for fun ?
yes , but also because i am hoping to keep improving and go big with it
oh nice . what do you plan to do with archery class ?
compete . its funny i've never enjoyed sports until now
oh , i mostly draw and paint for fun . i don't expect to go anywhere with it
keep working at it . since discovering how talented i'm with this sport i'm hopeful
what do you do for work ?
i quit my job so i can train , what about you ?
i am a truck driver so i've a four wheel vehicle and drive around .
that is awesome . what else do you enjoy ?
i tend to watch a lot of netflix when i can .
you ever seen arrow ? i love his archery skills
yes . i use to watch it but not that much anymore .
persona
i'm trying to build my online business.
i have a marketing job.
i also meditate a lot.
i practice yoga daily.
persona II
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my car is green and smells weird.
my grandma is from denmark.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my dog s name is toto.
dialogue
hello there , how are you today ?
hello ! i am great ! busy day working . how about you ?
same here , about to eat some lunch !
that sounds amazing right now ! what do you do for work ?
i work for a computer software company . how about you ?
i work in marketing , but i'm really trying to build up my online business .
very interesting . what kind of online business do you operate ?
it is a virtual yoga and meditation class , very different than my day job .
oh i love yoga . virtual yoga sounds really intriguing
another yogi ! do you do yoga often ?
every night before bed of course
perfect time to do yoga ! i practice it daily as well .
lovely , what is you favorite position ?
i really enjoy doing anything with yoga blocks , it helps me relax and meditate .
yoga blocks rocks ! my dog toto barks at me when i use them
that is so funny ! what kind of dog do you have ?
persona
my adopted dad works at hp.
i've six siblings.
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my mom stays at home.
persona II
my favorite team is the raptors.
i'm studying to be a dentist.
i like sports.
i usually go to bed late.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm good , sorry for the spelling mistake .
you did not spell anything wrong . tell me about your job
i work at hp , like my dad . what about you , where do you work ?
i am in college , i am studying to become a dentist
are either of your parents dentists ?
nah , i am the odd one out . are you a sports fan ?
i am . played a ton of sports with my 6 siblings . are you ?
i love sports , my favorite team is the raptors . what about yours ?
more of a football fan , love the broncos ! where are you from ?
florida , it is pretty late . you ?
colorado . i'm in the middle of a netflix binge so no sleep anytime soon
what shows are you into ?
ozarks , now . just finished taboo , have you seen it ?
no , i just finished binging bo jack horseman though
haha , only seen one episode . might be my next one . tell me about your family .
persona
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i like baking.
i go to the theater to watch plays.
i love my dog.
i enjoy walking around the park.
persona II
i like action movies.
my father is a doctor.
i drive a restored mustang.
i play football.
i'm a college student.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am well just took some cookies out of the oven
what do you do for a living ?
i own a bakery . . . we specialize in weddings and bridal sweeties
what city are you from ?
the city that never sleeps . . . big apple . . . . me and my dobbie
how do you like it there ?
love it . . . especially taking long walks in the park
do you have any hobbies ?
walking my dog , going to the park and taking in a show at the theater
what kind of music do you like ?
soft rock , jazz , classical and little country
i like rap and r b . . . pop
what do you do for a living
persona
i love coffee with cream.
i'm a painter.
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
i want to be a museum curator.
i went to new york city once.
persona II
i enjoy visiting national parks.
i currently work in an office job.
my favorite color is green.
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
i enjoy running.
dialogue
good morning , my name is jan how do you do ?
hi jan good morning to you as well
i'm currently at my office job , do you work ?
yes but i do not have an office more of a studio
that sounds really cool ! are you an artist ?
yea i do mostly painting
i love visiting national parks , do you paint landscapes ?
i mostly do abstracts though i did some landscapes when i went to new york last year
new york sound great , do they have gaming there ? i like that .
i don't know much about gaming but i love the museums
they have good museums there , i like running and have jogged past a few . ll .
i've only been once , but i want to move and become a curator for the met
persona
i live in the united states.
i'm a boy.
i go to high school.
math is my favorite subject.
persona II
i like to wear black.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i've a black purse.
i like rock music.
dialogue
hi how are you today
good i am studying for a test tomorrow at school
what is your favorite band ?
i like country music lots of different bands
my favorite band is guns n rose
don't care for them . but , i know alot of people fo
do you have any purses ?
since i am a male i don't have any lol
oh male purses are nice tho
in my school i'd probably get made fun of
then punch them in the head
haha they always ask me for help as i'm good in math
persona
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i've a cat.
i collect little figurines.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
persona II
i love animals , especially dogs.
i like field hockey and soccer.
i am a 15 year old girl.
i get good grades in school.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
dialogue
hey ! i am a 15 year old girl
hi there ! hows your day going ?
terrible , life is pain .
i am sorry to hear that . you should do something you love !
well i love animals , when i grow i wana be a vet
that is a great goal ! i take care of my cat venus all the time !
that's cool ! i am more of a dog person . you like any sports ?
i do ! i like watching soccer and i like playing volleyball ! you ?
i love soccer ! that and field hockey .
how long have you played soccer and field hockey ?
no i'm a freshmen i can't play sports till next year .
but you can still practice to be the best !
persona
i work as a computer programmer.
i helped develop facebook.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i've two pitt bulls.
persona II
i work 9 to 5 job.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
i like to cook.
my family owned a small restaurant.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
dialogue
hi , what are you up to ?
whats up
just finished cooking a rotisserie chicken with chimichurri sauce . you ?
that sounds good . i'm relaxing with my pups after a long day .
how many do you have ? i had a long day too . that 9 5 hustle .
i have 2 , pit bulls . what do you do ?
i've my own business , but i really want to open a bakery one day . you ?
awesome . i'm a programmer and in my free time i work at a soup kitchen .
that is awesome ! i volunteer at my local soup kitchen too !
cool ! where is yours ?
in virginia . i actually helped set it up in the area .
nice . mines downtown austin next to the civic center .
persona
i am afraid of clowns.
i am a vegetarian.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i take the subway to work everyday.
persona II
my family owns a grocery store.
i get my nails done every saturday.
i secretly love watching we wrestling.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
dialogue
hello new friend ! whats up ?
nothing much . just chilling on saturday .
that's good . any good saturday hobbies ?
cooking new vegetarian dishes , watching tv .
give . i like to watch wrestling
do you go to the stadium or on tv ?
tv mostly . what do you do ?
i work as a dental hygienist .
sounds fancy . any cool perks ?
not really . i wanted to become a dentist but then i chose this profession .
gave up on your dream ? how sad . . .
yes . i didn't want to spend years in school .
persona
i have blonde hair.
my favorite color is purple.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
i love ballet.
i like video games.
persona II
i ve studied ballet all my life.
my mother is a ballerina.
i am a white dancer.
i plan to retire in 6 months.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight
i am doing really good , how about you ?
i am doing good . i am retiring soon can not wait
me too so i can play video games a lot . what do you like to do ?
i love to dance my mom was a dancer too so she made me learn young
me as well . i prefer the ballet !
wow that's what my mom danced
i loved watching it with my favorite food ! mac and cheese !
mac and cheese is great and quick to make
it is always good expecially after a late night
yeah i agree with you
what do you do in life
i just dance and listen to music mostly ballet music
i love to do that also and play with my blond hair ! trying new cuts
i'd keep it long since you have nice curly hair
yes but i love changes
persona
i am a couch potato.
i love the walking dead.
i do not have a job.
i love comics.
i eat junk food.
persona II
i hate running.
i enjoy watching baseball.
my favorite color is orange.
i have 2 cats and a dog.
dialogue
hi how are you today
doing great binge watching netflix , catching up on the walking dead
very cool . do you like to run ?
no i do not exercise much . i am basically a couch potato
me too ! i desire running . hobbies ?
yeas i enjoy reading comics and consuming junk food
do you like to watch sports ?
no not really just comic type shows super heroes and scifi . i'm currently unemployed
do you have any pets to pass the time ?
yes i've a german shepard and you ?
i've 3 animals , 2 cats plus dog
you have got your hands full over there .
yeah 12 paws and only 2 hands ! !
i am thinking of starting my job hunt tomorrow .
persona
i work at walmart as a stocker.
i am vegan.
my father is a mechanic.
i'm leaving for college in three months.
my favorite band is muse.
persona II
i don t like the song sweet home alabama.
i love watching game of thrones.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
i grew up in alabama.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
hi . okay . just got back from another long day at walmart . i stock shelves .
i enjoy going to walmart
better to shop there than work there . that is why i'm going to college .
my daughter worked there and did not like it
dad keeps trying to get me to work at his mechanic shop instead .
i hate the song sweet home alabama
yeah . i'm a muse girl myself . what music do you like ?
growing up in alabama i like country music
makes sense . do they have good vegan restaurants down south ?
no they are into good old fashioned cooking meat and potatoes
too bad . vegan is all i eat .
i used to be . getting ready to watch game of thrones
you like watching tv a lot ?
yeah i do . the easter bunny hid behind my closet door
seriously ? wow . i never saw him as a kid .
persona
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i'm going to school for writing.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
persona II
i work in a circus as a juggler.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i'm on a keto diet.
i like going to the moves.
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
dialogue
hey , do you know much about the keto diet ?
no . never heard of it .
its okay . its helped me shed a few pounds .
cool .
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !
i'm a cat person myself .
i have a pair of golden retrievers , and they're not nice to cats .
still there ?
yeah , they're still there .
i volunteer at the library too .
i work in the circus . i juggle .
wow !
persona
i like dogs.
i now live in new mexico.
i'm an orphan.
i grew up in nevada.
persona II
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i have three daughters.
i love to go horseback riding.
i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
dialogue
hi , my name is john . how are you ?
hi john , i am a little hot right now , how are you ?
i am actually cold ! do you not have a c ?
i am just outside right now walking my dogs
i don't have dogs , just horses . i do a lot of saddle riding .
i see a lot of that here in new mexico but i have never done it
never been to new mexico . i grew up on a cattle farm in rural kansas .
i've never been there
what about detroit ? that's where i do law enforcement work at .
no i've never been there . i'm from nevada , ever been there ?
never , but my three daughters really want to go .
oh you are a parent ?
i am . proud father of 3 , my wife and i scuba when the kids are away
that's nice . i never knew my parents . grew up in an orphanage
i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?
i walk my dogs and go to pet stores to play with dogs
persona
i think i m fabulous.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i care about the way i look when i m in public.
i always think people are looking at me.
i shop online a lot.
persona II
i'm in preschool.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i like to play outside.
i like to dance.
dialogue
hello , it is a beautiful day , how are you ?
hello . i am well . the day is almost as beautiful as me .
that's nice , i love zebras , do you
i love myself . i use the mirror in order to keep a great appearance .
do you ever go outside ?
rarely . i spend more time online shopping for products to enhance my appearance .
are you pretty when you dance ?
i am always pretty . that's why people are always looking at me .
what grade are you in ?
i work as a model . that is why i care how i look in public .
okay , but do you like anything else but yourself ?
not really . it is all about me .
that is sad , you are missing all the fun things
i have fun when people notice how fabulous i am .
okay , well i've fun playing outside
what do you do outside ?
persona
i'm trying to build my online business.
i practice yoga daily.
i'm a vegan.
i have a marketing job.
i also meditate a lot.
persona II
i'm married.
i live in colorado.
i own my home.
my car is blue.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
hi hows your day going ? i am okay .
good where do you live ? i live in colorado
i live in north carolina . what do you do ? i'm trying to start an online business .
that is cool i just got married
awesome ! remember happy wife , happy life .
haha so true .
do you like to workout ?
yeah living in colorado i like the outdoors
that's great , i wish i had a view of the mountains .
its nice . do you have a car ?
i drive a 2016 toyota corolla . how about you ?
mines blue
what do you like to do ?
a lot of things what about you ?
yoga and relaxing , just pretty easy going .
persona
i've a garden.
my favorite book is enders game.
i like to read.
i grew up in kentucky.
persona II
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
i like italian cousine.
sometimes i go to yoga classes.
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
i live in a big city.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am doing well thank you . just finished tending to my garden
that is nice what do you grow
mainly flowers . great to catch up on some reading there .
that is nice do you like to cook
i do ! i love italian food ! you ?
i just took a trip to italy and have been experimenting with italian food
i am so jealous ! ! ! ! that sounds amazing . how was it there ?
it was beautiful i want to go back
i am sure ! i've been wanting to go to france .
that's a great place to go too
yes i'm sure . do you travel often ?
i try and go somewhere once a year
that's great ! me as well . wheres your next venture ?
have not decided yet probably somewhere with good food
yes ! that sounds great . i want to go to australia
persona
i hate to drive.
i like the taste of cheese.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i am younger then 46.
persona II
i m not afraid to die.
i'm an army ranger.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today ?
oh tired . traffic was hell . i detest driving .
i'm currently overseas , i secretly love being deployed for a long time .
oh , i'm not sure i could do that . i love cheese too much .
hm , are you afraid to die ?
no , but also i think i'm to old to go . i'm 45 .
i'm not afraid of that
that is understandable . what do you do there ?
an army ranger right now
oh very cool . thank you for your service .
you are welcome my child .
i feel like a kid . i got back steet boys playing right now .
my children don't know anything about them
are they here in the states ?
persona
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i am saving up to buy a new camera.
i like spicy food.
i've always had long hair.
persona II
i hate tomatoes.
i am very short.
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i've 2 kids.
dialogue
hi how is it going ?
hello . how are you doing today ? i am good .
i am okay , just trying to get the tomatoes out of my salad
nice . do you like salads a lot ?
i do but i cannot stand tomatoes
i am a fan of spicy foods .
what is your favorite kind of spicy food ?
i like spicy sausage with peppers . what is something interesting about you ?
well i need a wheelchair to move around because i am paralyzed
that is horrible . my friend is also paralyzed .
what happened to your friend ?
he had a bike accident when he was a teen
persona
i fly airplanes.
i enjoy building computers.
i'm in the army.
i dropped out of college.
my favorite band is tool.
persona II
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i'm a retired computer programmer.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
i just turned 77.
i love animals.
dialogue
how are you doing to day
i am doing great how are you ?
i'm good just listening to music
what are you listening too ?
i am listening to country musica
nice my favorite band is tool though
that is cool i like bently gilbert
when in the army i saw him perform
that's cool i love him
i liked him in college too
that is cool i really like his musica its good
did you ever serve in the army ?
no but i am a military brat my grandfather was in for 22 years dad 16 uncle
i flew planes in the army
persona
my mother was a teacher.
i am single.
i enjoy nature.
my favorite food is salad.
persona II
my only friend is a dog.
i'm a carnivore.
i work at a newspaper.
i am highly educated.
dialogue
hi , i am jacob . i am a educated man
hi jacob ! i am grace . nice to meet you .
its nice to meet you . my dog is my best friend
haha aren't they all . so i assume you enjoy the outdoors ? i do too .
i do . i also work at my local newspaper and take a lot of photos
that is fun . i am a teacher like my mother was .
that is awesome . i am involved in carnivorous
carnivals ? that is interesting . i always eat too much . then its back to salad .
i do not know if i spelled that correctly
that's okay . this platform does not seem to have spellcheck
ll thanks . i am not the best speller
not a problem ! that's why i live by spellcheck
oh me too ! ! it is very important use it in my job everyday job
i teach math , so its less important for me lol
persona
i enjoy ice cream.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn't want them.
my husband just decided to leave me.
persona II
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i like to play tennis.
i am a baker.
my mother is a dentist.
dialogue
hello . i like tennis . what sports do you like to play ?
football most of the time . .
fun , what is your favorite tv show ?
i love cooking shows mostly
nice . i am a baker by profession
hm . . pretty interesting . . how do you like ur job ? ?
i enjoy it , its nice to be around fresh baked food all day
good . . i like the cooking shows on tv . .
me too . my favorite show is silicon valley
mine is chopped . . i like it much
cool . my mom is a dentist
how many kids u have
i do not have any kids
i've 4 and few pets
that is nice . dogs or cats or other ?
2 dogs and 2 cats
persona
my parents are in there 80s.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i am only 5 foot tall.
i have a thick full beard.
persona II
my mother was born in ireland.
my father was born in australia.
my father was an author.
i like to travel.
dialogue
do you travel often ?
i wish , my parents need lots of looking after .
oh no . my parents were born in different countries so i've always done so .
my mom is still healthy 4 brothers and 3 sisters so she need the energy
what does your mother do for work ?
she takes care of dad and i take care of them , i'm just so short its tough
my father worked as an author , writing about his homeland of australia .
have you ever been there to witness what he wrote ?
i have and too ireland where my mom was born .
i have to shave my beard tonight but cant reach the shaving cream
how short are you ? cruel of someone to put it out of reach .
i'm just over 4 foot 9 , my mom forgets i live with her .
i'm not that much taller and do not have that much trouble reaching things .
my beard itches so much i cannot stop to reach for things .
sounds like a very complicated situation .
all my brothers and sisters keep putting things too high and i don't like it .
persona
my favorite sport is football.
i'm former military.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i recently bought a camper.
persona II
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
people notice how organized i am.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i love to gossip.
dialogue
hello , nice to meet you . what did you do this weekend ?
watched some sports on the sports channel ! next weekend though i am going camping
i have never been camping but am sure i could do it .
yeah you can ! anyone can with the right attitude and willingness !
my sentiments exactly ! i cannot talk long , jimmy fallon is on soon i never miss a show !
that big goofball looks like he was raised by a couple of beatniks
have you heard anything about his parents ? i am a gossip hound . . .
i don't read gossip magazines much at all . . . more of a guns and ammo type
interesting . . . is that related to your work ?
well not really , i'm a navy seal and red blooded american , that is all
i will file you in my honorable patriotic friends folder then .
and i will get you top secret clearance to madill airforce base
sounds great ! i'll bring meals , snacks water depending on number of hours there .
are you female ? i'm getting the distinct impression you are a lady
do you say that because i am so organized ? lots of people notice that about me .
that is part of it . plus you said you are a gossip hound . then the picnic talk .
persona
i love the smell of beans.
i love zumba.
i love huge paintings.
persona II
i don't drink alcohol.
in my spare time i like to play video games.
i'd rather read a book than watch a movie.
i work for a marketing agency.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashed.
dialogue
hi
hello , how are you ?
i'm good what are your hobbies
i love working out , i'm actually a zumba instructor . how bout you ?
that's cool i love reading and listening to music
nice . what kind of books are you into ?
i really like mystery books what about you
i love a good suspense too !
what do you do for a living ?
i am in between jobs . how about you ?
i'm currently working at a marketing agency
that's interesting . what state do you live in ?
persona
pizza is my favorite food.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
my favorite subject in school was science.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i am 25 years old.
i've one son.
i'm in the military.
dialogue
hey . what is going on ?
my most beloved food is pizza
yeah ? what do you do for a living ?
my most beloved pastime is reading suspense books
i see . . . well , i am a soldier in the us military .
my mother survived cancer and lived
hence the fact that she survived .
science was my most beloved class at school
my son also loves science .
pizza is the food i like to eat most
you told me that . what is your favorite color ?
my mother no longer has cancer
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i have 3 cats.
i enjoy swimming.
i like tacos.
persona II
i like the color blue.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i own blue shoes.
i drive a blue car.
i like to listen to elvis.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi ! doing well and you ? i just got done swimming , which i love to do !
i am doing great ! swimming is fun . sounds like you are having a good day
yes for a friday the 13th . my three cats are acting weird though ! haha
lol have they done anything funny today ?
they are just acting spooked at everything ! haha do you have pets ?
no i don't have pets . what is your favorite color
orange is my favorite , what about you ? do you have a favorite food ?
i love blue almost everything i've is blue even my hair
oh cool ! i always wanted to do something crazy like that !
you should try it once you only live once
true ! i'm about to make tacos for dinner , i love them !
i love tacos too . have you tried any of the new stuff at taco bell
not yet , there are none close to me unfortunately . i'd be there every day ! haha
lol where are you from ?
i live in pennsylvania but in the boonies . what about you ?
persona
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
my favorite food is shrimp.
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
i love hanging out with my friends.
persona II
i like to cook.
i like gardening.
i live in a small city.
my children are mostly grown.
dialogue
what did you do today ?
i spent a little too much at the casino and now eating some shrimp . you ?
oh a gambler huh ? i am cooking shrimp now , how funny
yeah i gamble too often with my friends . they're so much fun but bad influence
i like simple stuff , but i support whatever you want to do . i would rather garden
i met a man at our local botanical gardens once . i swear he was a vampire
why do you say that ?
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
sounds like he liked you !
i'm not really sure . it was scary
i bet ! where do you live ? i'm in a little city
atlantic city near the casinos
i bet that gets you in trouble . do you have any kids ?
nope not in a relationship either . i just hang with friends . you ?
persona
my parents were divorced.
i'm a very social person.
i'm a widow.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i ve broken my arm twice.
persona II
my husband will retire next year.
i like to take walks.
many of my former students like to visit me.
i'm a retired school teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
having a good day as a widow not every day is as good as today
that's too bad i'm sorry for your loss
thanks i like socializing and people so i get by
do you like to walk outside it can be relaxing
i do but i fall some broke my arm two different times
oh no be careful i like to walk to the park in the summer
i love it outside my 6 brothers and i spent lots of time outdoors
that is nice do you have a job
i do marriage counseling got into it because my parents got divorced
i see i used to teach first grade
wow you must have the patience of job
yeah i loved it though and still keep in tough with some of them
teachers have very important jobs
yes they do it was a great career
i love to shop i enjoy watching people in the mall
persona
i am stuck in the past due to remotness.
i love the outdoors.
i am a savage.
i have no technological skills.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
persona II
when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i m from austin , texas.
i like every post i see on social media.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
hi , how are you ?
i m good i'm in texas
hi , its raining outside . you a savage ? i'm .
no , but i really enjoy social media .
hmmm . my past when i worked for the discovery channel haunts me .
it makes me angry when people don't like my media posts .
that's good . you depressed ?
no , i like to post about food i cook
get out ! me too ! i am not a techie but i like outdoors . you ?
no , i just like to be on my computer .
i see . i create videos for discovery channel . you ?
i cook for social media so people can see my food
you aren't stuck in the past are you ? good . will you help me find vera ?
so where are you located at
i live out in the country . you ever cook with bat meat ?
persona
i love to ski in the winter.
my favorite band is one direction.
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
my name is mary and i'm from colorado.
i love to hike in the summer.
persona II
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
i'm an international business man.
i never met my parents.
i own a mansion that i do not live in.
i never went to school.
dialogue
hello , where are you ?
hi there . i'm mary . i'm from colorado .
nice to hear from you , mary , do you ever leave colorado ?
i am listening to one direction . they are my fave .
interesting . i know nothing about pop music .
its so cold here . i like to hike when its warm .
good luck with that . i don't know where you can do that .
i am going skiing tomorrow because its freezing .
that sounds nice , i will be on a trip .
where are you from ? i'd like to visit .
i am going to see a home that my parents left to me .
is it nice ? did you live there before ?
no , i have never see it .
i hope its very nice . and large .
maybe you can come to see it . i don't know anything about it .
i love old houses they're spooky .
persona
i m a older woman.
i love helping people.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
my favorite food is pasta.
persona II
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i've a few pet iguanas.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i've a brother but we don t talk much yet.
i am pretty poor financially.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm good just eating pasta ! my favorite ! and you ?
just hanging out at home with my iguanas
oh nice ! iguanas ! i'm an older women so i like pets too !
i like iguanas , i wish i had dogs though . i would if i could afford them
what do you do for a living ? i help people ! i love it !
i am between jobs at the moment . that sounds nice . how do you help people ?
with there problems and i retired to help my husband with his business !
that's nice . it must be nice being able to retire and do what you love .
yeah it is but some times i get bored and have to go do something . you ?
i enjoy hanging out with my iguanas . i like to give them silly names
whats are there name ? do they sleep with you ?
they're named spunky and sassy . no , they sleep in a tank
lol ! those are very cool names ! i have two dogs
dogs are incredibly smart . i bet they could even learn to read
probably , i talk to them just like they're people
persona
i graduated top of my class.
my mother was a concert pianist.
my wife is a college professor.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i've one little girl.
persona II
i'm a fisherman.
i love tuna.
i live in cape hatteras.
i m going riding on my boat today.
my favorite is rock fish.
dialogue
good evening . how are you doing
i'm well how are you doing
very well thank you . i just came in from work
o cool i work in a hospital as a surgeon what do you do for work
i catch fish . i work for a tuna company .
i love tuna it is brain food
that is what they tell me . are you a brain surgeon ?
sometimes i work on brains but i work in a trauma center
that must be very interesting and also very intense .
i was made for this
i don't think i could have handled that much schooling
the debt after is harder
can i ask how much debt you are in from going to med school ?
ok is it so college a in works wife my but thousand hundred two over
i am confused as to what you just said .
over two hundred thousand but my wife works at a college
persona
i drive a honda civic.
i've three children.
my best friend lives down the street.
i enjoy taking walks.
i am named after my grandmother.
persona II
i sometimes get into fights.
i've driven a race car before.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
i would like to try sky diving.
dialogue
i end up getting into fights when i do not want to
that is not a good thing . i have three kids , do you have any ?
no kids . i do whatever it takes to make things happen in my life
i've three , and am named for my grandmother .
oh cool . i would love to sky dive . i have also driven a race car
i have sky dived before . i used to drive a pace car at our local track .
oh cool , that sounds awesome
my dad built race cars and me and a friend raced one season ;
hey , are you mimicking me ?
no , i'm not . unless you have a honda civic and a friend next door .
oh ok , so that's awesome i use to drive one of those .
i had to trade in my mustang when my middle child was born .
yeah well kids are expensive to care for that's why you need to be prepared
i don't think anyone is ever prepared to be a parent .
i guess , i guess it all depends on the person .
it does . just like the ages old debate of breast or bottle .
persona
i believe i hear voices.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i tend to aruge with myself more than i argue with myself.
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
persona II
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i'm a zookeeper.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
i work with my wife.
dialogue
hi i'm excited to say my wife breast cancer free for 3 years
that is good , i have problems of my own too .
yeah we all do . became a zookeeper with my wife at our own zoo .
some times when it is quiet i hear voices .
really ? i train 20 different animals nad it can be tough
when people see me doing it they think i am arguing with myself .
well i do that to from time to time when you are home all day
does your zoo have toy animals with little rain coats , i like to collect toys like that .
no they don't . they're real animals
what do you like to eat ?
i am a chinese take out kind of person .
i like cakes that are mystery flavour so it is a surprise .
mystery flavored cakes ? never heard of them .
they are a mystery , just like the pool boy i am lusting over .
persona
i m taking online classes.
i wait tables.
i have a little girl.
my hair is long and brown.
my favorite flower is a rose.
persona II
i prefer baseball over football.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i like sports.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
day your was how fine am i
it has been well . do you have a favorite sport ?
? you about how sport favorite my is ball basket
i like both baseball and football , but i like baseball more .
? player favorite your is who cool is that
it is tough to have a favorite player , but i've a team ! do you ?
bryant love is ever player favorite my baseball in
which team does he play for ?
familar you are angeles low of lakers the
i am . i was eating pizza while watching a game yesterday .
. watching you were game which
the washington nationals in their home stadium !
not it is series world the its yes oh
not yet . i cannot wait for it , though . how about you ?
its always an exciting time !
persona
my country is russia.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
i'm a weight lifter.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i am a olympian.
persona II
i have two tattoos.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i work in an office.
i enjoy shopping.
dialogue
hey ! i just got a new tattoo !
that's cool , what is it of ? i'm from russia , what about you ?
i'm in the us . it is a pair of knitting needles !
oh neat . i have one with the olympic rings i'm an olympian .
that's amazing ! what sport did you compete in ?
i do competitive weight lifting . i can bench 345 lbs and squat 400 lbs !
oh my goodness ! that is a lot . the most i lift are shopping bags
haha ! so i take it you enjoy knitting ?
i do enjoy it . it is my favorite thing to do . what about you ?
i mostly just do fitness stuff , to stay in shape for lifting .
that makes sense . it takes a lot of devotion .
yes for sure . what other hobbies do you have ?
i go to the mall and shop and hang out a lot .
that sounds like fun . do you work ?
in a boring cubicle in an office . do you work too ?
no , i only concentrate on my weight lifting .
persona
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is calden.
i am seven years old.
persona II
i own my company.
i make ask a year.
i barely show up to work.
i am married with one child.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i'm good . how about oyu
great ! are you married ? any kids ?
nah not married . i am only seven
ha my sons age ! what do you like doing outside of school ?
i love playing sports like soccer
great ! do you have a favorite team ? do you think that is something you will pursue ?
not really . i only play with myself
you play soccer by yourself ?
yea . just me and my goal post
even your parents do not play with you ? no other kids in the neighborhood ?
nah . although i have a best friend .
persona
i like barbies.
i am a girl.
my favorite song is barbie girl.
my name is nancy.
persona II
i like fantasizing.
i've a daughter.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i wish magic was real.
i love christmas.
dialogue
hello there how are you doing ?
doing well ! i'm nancy , nice to meet you !
glad to hear that . i am kris . what are you up to ?
just singing my favorite song , barbie girl . you ?
i've not heard that since i was a kid . i am opening packages i got today .
same for me but it is an anthem for us girls ! that's cool !
nice i love getting packages in the mail . . . feels like christmas opening them up .
i agree ! i want barbies for christmas !
my daughter is a barbie fan . and , christmas is my favorite holiday
well then you need to get your daughter a barbie too !
i am sure that she will get a few of them ;
well that's very nice of you !
persona
my favorite movie is titanic.
i am from sterling heights , michigan.
i work part time at aldi s.
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
persona II
penn teller are my favorite magicians.
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
i love lasagna like i m garfield.
i've a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
dialogue
hi . i want to leave this world
hi ! that reminds me of my favorite movie , which is titanic .
my best friends are my dogs
i don't have time for dogs with two kids .
your dogs have 2 kids ?
one of my children is 2 , and the other is 6 .
oh . i like lasagna so much
we sell lasagna at the aldis store i work part time at
i am garfield the cat
that is something that my two kids would like .
i just love my poster of niel tyson degrasse
i am a mother that watches the movie titanic a lot .
i just love penn and teller
where are you from ? i'm from michigan .
persona
my favorite book is the bible.
i am married.
i have a passion for god.
i love to travel.
persona II
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i'm from tennessee.
i'm married.
i love to fish.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm good and you
i'm great . i wish it were warm enough to fish .
yeah the fish are hiding
yeah , it is sad . i should just hang out and listen to music .
yeah do you go to church
i do sometimes . my wife likes to .
good god is the best
i do agree with that
nice i am also married
how long have you two been together
for quite some time you ?
the same . we met in the eighties .
wow sounds great god bless
same to you . what do you do for fun ?
i read the bible mostly
persona
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i am an accountant.
i've 2 dogs.
i drive a red car.
i enjoy running.
persona II
i love soccer.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i've 3 brothers.
i want to move to london when i get older.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
hi . how was your day ?
it went well ! i got to play soccer with my 3 brothers
cool . . where are you from now ?
i'm from california but i hope to move to london when i'm older
london is a great place . . i went there on trip
cool ! i will go after i save up some money . i am currently an accountant for nike
kudos . . i m an accountant too here
oh hey ! you ever think about investing in stocks ?
i thought but don't have much money
same , i would like to invest in it one day though ! then retire in london
do you have any pets ?
nope i don't . would not mind a dog to play soccer with though
i love pets , 2 dogs and a cat
persona
i enjoy hiking.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i prefer winter.
my favorite food is pizza.
i sleep on a single bed.
i love the rain.
dialogue
hi , what is your favorite food ?
hello . mine is veggies because i am vegan .
i love pizza , and winter , pizza in the winter is good , warm and good
my mother was also vegan . she had her own fashion line .
nice , i also like rain and sleep in a single bed
i like to take celery as a snack on my long hikes .
do you like to hike in the rain ?
very much so . i have a parka that is waterproof .
nice , do you live alone ?
yes . i spend a lot of time watching old bob ross videos .
never saw any of his videos
i love him . he's the best .
i believe you , maybe i ll check him out
you should . is it cold there ?
persona
i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
i m the lead singer for an indie band.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
i live in the city.
my horse never talks back to me.
persona II
i use red lipstick.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i drive a red car.
i like to wear red.
i wear a red purse.
dialogue
hi . i am wearing lipstick and and shoes and both are red . you ?
born to yodel baby . born to yodel . live in nyc
cool ! wish i could yodel ! do you see a lot of red in nyc ?
everywhere . my apartment is painted red . there is a big stuffed horse in the lobby
what color is the car you drive ? mine is of course red !
i take the subway . too poor to own a car . still in school for nursing
can you wear red for nursing ? red is what i really like to wear .
no we have to wear white . do you like beer
i do not . but i like red drinks . do you carry a purse ?
a man purse . i drink budweiser at the local watering hole before i yodel
does it help if you drink beer before you yodel ? i have a red purse !
if you drink budweiser it helps . . other beers not so much
well i think i will try that and pour it in my red cup .
lady in red do you like horses
i do . especially it has a red saddle . or maybe i can put red ribbons on it ?
i chose my apartment because of the stuffed horse in the lobby
persona
i take care of my mother and father.
i m 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i have one sister and a niece and nephew.
i m almost finished with my degree.
persona II
i love hamburgers.
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
i go running a lot.
i work as an electrician.
i hate winter.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good . almost winter here in dublin . how are you ?
i am good is it cold
already snow on the ground in other parts of ireland .
wow that's insane compared to here
what part of the world are you from ? dublin , ireland here .
i am from the usa i love sleep
yes i love sleep in these long cold winter nights .
what do you like to eat
i am going to visit the usa as soon as i finish my degree . i am almost there .
what do you like to eat
potatoes . they kept the irish alive 400 years . its the only thing that grows here
yeah i do not like winter
i'm a 49 year old husky potato fed man taking care of my parents .
wow potatoes are so tasty
yes very versatile . after i finish my degree i will grow them to sell .
persona
i sometimes get into fights.
i've a bad habit of being dishonest.
i would like to try sky diving.
i've driven a race car before.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
persona II
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
i like to ski.
i hate mexican food.
i like to eat cheetos.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ? tell me about yourself
i tend to get into trouble with bullies . tell me something about you .
i am sorry to hear that . i am feeling down because i am having problems with my marriage
i am sorry . i get into trouble because i lie a lot to the kids at school
why do you lie ? is that why youre bullied ? what do you do for fun ?
i do what i need to get things . for fun i drive fast cars . you ?
i am into fast winter sports , especially skiing ! sounds like we both enjoy speed !
sounds like it ! do you like anything else ?
not much besides skiing . i eat a lot of junk food since my wife stopped caring
do you have a favorite food ? why did she stop caring ?
i'm eating a lot of cheetos , which i like . i do not know , she just seems distant .
wow . i'm sorry to hear that . i hope things get better .
how about you , do you like anything besides fast cars ?
not really , but someday i would like to jump out of a plane .
you mean go parachuting ? wow , that sounds more risky than i would like !
yes exactly . anything you'd like to try some day ?
persona
i travel often.
i live with my parents.
my favorite color is red.
i've an iphone.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
persona II
watching sports is fun.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
i go to yoga.
my favorite sport is hockey.
dialogue
hey , hows it going dude ?
hey . its good . i am a girl though . how are you ?
really good , just watching some hockey
oh nice . hockey fan ? my dad is one . hate living with parents cause of it .
yeah , i love hockey . watching sports is great but hockey is the best
i guess . not my thing . i love travelling . have you ever traveled abroad ?
i've . i did a yoga retreat in india . where have you traveled ?
all over . just booked a flight to japan . thank goodness the airline has headsets !
ooh , japan sounds so nice . when i am a millionaire i will fly there on my private jet .
nice ! wish you the best at being a millionaire . then you could afford the new iphones too .
when i'm a millionaire i will be able to afford 10 iphones . do you like apple ?
yes . love my iphone . wish they would make it in a red too . don't you ?
red is a nice color , its the color of my fave hockey team , the redwings , haha .
nice . never knew that . so do you have other hobbies or interests ?
persona
i donate any overstock to charity.
i am a couponed.
i love to save money.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
persona II
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
my favorite food is shrimp.
dialogue
helo hows your day going
its been good so far , and yourself ?
its ok , i lost a lot at the casino last night so i'm kinda down
that sucks , i like the casino but i don't go often . i'd rather save my money .
my moms a palm reader and she said i'm destined to lose . dunno why i keep going
sometimes we enjoy things even if they're bad for us .
that is true . like my last boyfriend lol
ll i know what you mean .
i swear i think he was a vampire . i am convinced
mine was a abusive asshole . i gotta ask , why a vampire ?
i think i saw fangs growing , i know it sounds weird
some people just have long k 9s . but vamps would be cool to find
yes and he just gave me a weird vibe , i dunno . whats your favorite food ?
anything spicy . what about you ?
persona
i want to write a book before i die.
i am excellent at playing pool.
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i teach middle school art.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
persona II
i still live at home with my parents.
i am 32.
i don't want a job.
i play video games all day.
i eat all take out.
dialogue
hey . how are you today ?
great ! just taking a break from grading my students papers . you ?
just getting out of bed . about to play this new videogame .
what game is it ? i am not much of a video game player but i love pool
pool nice and nfl game . parents want me out of house to get a job .
you probably should . i teach art for middle schoolers . it is very fulfilling
tomorrow my birthday i be 33 . thinking about ordering pizza .
you should . congratulations . what is on your bucket list ?
to take care of my parents and this nfl game is so good .
i have the goal to compose a book .
once you do i will buy it . just want to order a pizza .
that is really sweet of you though . i also want to go see the pyramids one day
rather just play the game and hope you see it one day
i'm sure i will !
persona
i have a harsh inner critic.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i don't like feeling controlled.
i don't like my reputation.
persona II
i love watching sunsets.
i love to surf.
my hair is brown and curly.
i live near the ocean.
i hate red meat.
dialogue
hi there hows it going
hi , its not going too good because i'm not too happy with my reputation
aw dang . what did you do ? or what did you not dom
i made a mistake with a gang member , i wish i could take it back
oh goodness sounds terrible . surfing is my life . no thug life here
thug life is bad , i hate feeling like i'm being controlled all of the time .
you need to live near an ocean like me . its so relaxing . takes the stress away
yes i might have to get away there , it might give me a break
yea we can watch sunsets . inhale brown curly hair you'll see me chillin
you wo not see me chilling , il be on edge worrying about everything
what else do yiu have to worry about ? haunt matatua man fordeal
i worry about everything , i think its my inner critic . its harsh !
wow . lets have dinner together so we can talk about it . but no red meat
sure , but i'm sad we cannot get a five guys lol
persona
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
i've been in 2 car crashes in my life.
food and water are essential to me in life.
persona II
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
i love to take walks.
i love to listen to music.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hi , i'm wonderful today how about you ?
i'm doing well . i'm listening to music . i love all music .
cool , i love to be outside , or watching tv hard for me to choose .
i can understand that . i love going outside and walking by the lake .
do you work ? i'm in school .
i actually knit and sell my creations online . are you doing well in school ?
3 . 84 gpa so i would say yep . still have 2 years left tho . what do you knit ?
i love it . knitting and crocheting are my passions . do you have any passions ?
you mean besides food and water not really . i study so much .
studying is good . do you want to be a chef someday ?
no studying in nutrition . what do you drive ?
i drive a 98 jaguar xj8 . i love things like look old fashioned . you ?
i do not drive any more 2 crashes , and antiques are awesome .
are you okay after those crashes ?
yes , but now i'm scared to drive . i mostly take public transportation .
persona
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
my favorite fruit is apple.
i like fruit.
i like green apples.
i don t like to eat meat.
persona II
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i dance ballet.
i am an only child.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
i m currently in nursing school.
dialogue
hi there , how is your evening
its going pretty good just eating a salad
you sound healthy . i do ballet and have to be healthy also
yes i'm healthy i do not like meat and i love apples
are you in school at all ?
no i'm out of school
oh ! i am in nursing school at the moment
that's a great job to get into gonna have a green apple for dessert
after being an only child , its nice to get to help people and feel connected to people
i like to help people at the farmers market i run a fruit stand
we used to run a fruit stand at my all girls christian high school !
i love fruit like apples and oranges but apples are the best
youre making me hungry . you ever attend church ?
not often but i do go
my mother used to teach sunday school is all .
my mom was a dentist
persona
i live in a medium sized city.
i've 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i love to read.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
persona II
i like football.
we drink beer and eat food.
we watch the games together.
it s great fun.
my friends like watching it to.
dialogue
hi , how are you today
i am doing well . kind of hungry .
me too lol , do you like sports ?
i like sports betting . so no favorite teams . i just like to pick winners .
that sounds interesting , i only watch games with friends
i watch with my bros . we are very competitive with each other .
sounds like fun way to keep up with a bunch a teams at same time
yeah i am a playboy . i want to be like tony stark .
is tony stark iron man or that famous skateboarder
tony stark iron man . do you like comics ?
no , i do not know much about comics . i did like wonder woman movie
i did a little bit i guess . watching with the whole fam .
our family and close friends like having sports parties with lots of food
i like parties . i like sports . how have i never thought to combine the two ! ?
its fun to have theme , like old school jerseys
throwbacks ! yeah . i've a few . like an oilers jersey and a new orleans hornets shirt .
persona
i'm a farmer.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i've two pet dogs.
persona II
i'm an only child.
my favorite color is red.
i'm a student.
i have a pet dog.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm gucci thank you and yourself ?
i am good thank you . gucci ?
yep that's my pet dogs name sorry lol gucci
what do you do for a living ?
well i'm a farmer but i kind of wanna travel the world lol you
i go to school full time
sick sick i went to school for photography
and you live on a farm ?
yes i do , do a lot of hiking with my dogs you
i've a dog as well
what kind ? what is his name ? ! woof woof
i've a shar pei
daaaaaaaaang like a magic marker ?
no look it up its a dog breed
lol i'm kidding do you like to travel ?
persona
i love katy perry.
i drive a ford taurus.
i work in retail.
i spend too much time shopping.
persona II
i love to dance.
my favorite food is mexican.
i am a teacher.
i enjoy reading history books.
i grew up in new hampshire.
dialogue
hi there do you like mexican food ?
i do , but what i really like is shopping .
that sounds like fun
it is . katy perry is my favorite , and i try to emulate her look .
that's almost as cool as me being a teacher
i'm a clerk in a retail store now .
i am from new hampshire
i just moved to florida . drove my ford taurus here .
i am a dancer i love it
that's great ! i have no rhythm , myself .
history books are my all time favorite
oh yeah ? katy perry is my all time favorite !
i make hot dogs for a living .
i'm a sales clerk in a retail store .
burritos are my favorite too
is the hot dog factory gross ?
persona
i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i m allergic to lactose.
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
persona II
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i like running in marathons.
dialogue
hi there , i am bob .
hey bob . how are things ?
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
blue i guess . yours ?
i don't really like humans .
tell me about it . i'll not be a human much longer at least
i love red , reminds me of summer time
you have good memories of summer ?
not really , i make hot dogs for a living .
oh cool . . . i only have 6 months left to live , so i don't do anything for a living
i really like waffles too
waffles are good . i can eat them
burritos are my favorite too
you like lots of food huh ?
i like walking on the beach .
one of justin bieber songs mentions the beach
persona
i am fascinated with ghosts.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i am a wedding planner.
i love 80s music.
persona II
i study philosophy at mass.
i love going to concerts.
i'm a vegan.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
my eyes are brown.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'm good how about yourself ?
pretty good . studying for my philosophy test
what are you going to school for ?
i study philosophy , but not sure i want to stay with it
what do you think you ; ll do job wise ?
i love people and and the way we work . . so who knows
are you married ? any kids ?
not married , but 2 kids . . how about you ?
i am a single wedding planner
nice ! my niece does that too
i wanted to be an architect but that didn't happen
i really like concerts , so i would love a job doing that
maybe you can do that someday
persona
i sing barbershop and rap.
my eyes are blue.
my favorite season is winter.
i love watching basketball.
i love to take naps.
persona II
my dad is a college professor.
my mom died when i was six.
i have purple hair.
i am a petsitter.
dialogue
do you want to help me redo my hair ? getting tired of the purple .
sure . i wish it were winter . the sun really hurts my blue eyes .
i do not like the winter . if i am being honest .
can i help you while i watch basketball on tv ?
yes , we can pet some dogs too
winter rocks ! i like to rap and nap too . dogs are cool .
that is when my mom passed away .
i'm sorry about your mom . i can sing to you .
sing to me , what are you going to sing
would you like to hear barbershop or rap ?
rap if you are rapping about how much you love me
ok . then i am going to need a nap .
take a nap with the dogs
that is cool . dogs are bed hogs though .
persona
my favorite song is barbie girl.
i m a girl.
i'm an only child.
i like barbies.
persona II
my son was born completely blind.
my favorite food is fried chicken.
i m a pilot for southwest.
i met my wife at a nickleback concert.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
hey , i'm doing well how are you ?
i am wonderful just finish cooking breakfast for my son
that is awesome . i am a only child my mom cooks for me alot
i am about to take off to work for a few days
that's cool . i like to play with barbies when i am not in school
i played with barbies as a kid too
i like the barbie girl song
that is a classic . i'm a nickelback fan
i like them as well
do you like fried chicken it is my favorite
i love chicken . i do not eat red meat
i don't eat red meat as well
really ? i don't meet many people that are like that
persona
i live by myself.
i have a dog and two cats.
i like country music.
i like to go for runs.
persona II
i'm a younger guy.
i like to play football.
i have beard that's longer.
i like to ride my bike.
dialogue
hi , 18 , football , long beard and a biker . you ?
cool ! do you love country music as much as i do ?
get out ! yes ! best friend is merna jean . i love football . do you ?
not really but i do love running
great ! merna jean and i've long beards . you have a beard ?
i do actually . we have a lot in common !
i know ! i love bike riding . do you ? you like fish bait ?
i do not but both of my cats love fish bait .
i see . you married ? i was but not now . any children ?
my cats and dog are my kids . but no i am not married
awww . you like younger men ? chicken wings are our friends .
i do love younger men . i'm getting lonely by myself
hmmm . i made a unicorn cry . you sing ?
i love singing some martina mcbride and keith urban
persona
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i am colorblind.
i've a college degree in marketing.
persona II
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
i work as a librarian.
dialogue
my favorite foods is hot dogs , i ate them in prison many times
oh goodness , how long were you in prison ?
37 years on the weekends i use the time to bird watch
that's a long time . shoot , i still live at home at age 30 .
pepsi is my favorite drink , besides absinth
never had absinthe . it sounds interesting though
i'm a librarian , i work in a library , i'm all about da books !
did you work in the prison library ? i'm an entrepreneur
hotdogs are the best , they are my favorite !
i like them too . i'm actually trying to open a grocery store now
cool , bird watching is what i fill my weekends with
that is interesting , what types of birds do you enjoy ?
pepsi is just my favorite beverage , besides snake blood
and absinthe ? i didn't realize snake blood could be consumed ?
my job is as a librarian , it is boring , i hate it
why don't you go back to college ? i have a marketing degree
persona
i drive a ferrari.
i am touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
persona II
i have lots of cash.
i'm the president.
i used to own several casinos.
i used to own a casino.
i have been bankrupt and back.
dialogue
good morning , how are you today
good morning , good , how are you today this morning ? i drive ferraris .
ferraris ? i love ferraris ! i've lots of ferraris myself . i am very rich .
you are ? i've bought thousands of mansions .
i am , in fact . i used to own a large network of casinos
my name starts with a k and i rap for a living .
that is an interesting career choice . are you happy ?
yep i own the largest mansion in japan because of it .
that's awesome . i bet you cannot guess what i do for a living now .
i bet you sell soda cans for a living . i tour with frank ocean .
no way . but if i did , i would be the best soda can salesman .
your soda cans are valuable to me .
they should be , i hold the office of president .
in the united states of america ?
only the greatest country in all of the world .
this is how trump makes money ?
persona
i am married.
i travel a lot.
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i like doing art projects.
i am a strong woman.
persona II
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
dialogue
hello how are you doing on this wonderful morning ?
hi , i am good . are you single , dating , in a committed relationship , or married ?
well i am single at the moment . busy with working at the beach . how about you ?
i got married which i didn't think would happen since i am such a strong woman .
congratulations ! love always happens to everyone and they're so happy !
thanks ! do you do any traveling a lot like i do ?
not much . wish i did more . i do love being a lifeguard though . travel doing that .
that is cool . i enjoy passing time with family and sometimes friends . do you ?
yes . my friends love driving in my yellow convertible . i like driving it in the rain ,
what kind of hobbies do you like doing ? mine is any project doing art .
does singing katy perry songs in the shower count ?
yes , i guess anything you enjoy doing could be a hobby .
do you have any more interests beside art ?
not really , art is really the only thing i like doing .
persona
i live alone.
i haven t spoken to my family in years.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
i have over 4000 friends on facebook.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i love eating out.
i like nature.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to go hiking.
dialogue
hi friend . how are you ? where are you ?
hey there . how is it hanging ? i am good . just surfing around the country .
cool . i travel too , love to hike and adventure out in the wild .
well , more couch surfing , putting my thumb out for rides , that kind of thing .
right on , been there . do you like music ? i am a camper .
yea , i find people to hang out with . sometimes bands . i have tons of facebook friends .
cool . i am a nature lover , sky watcher . what hobbies do you have ?
just networking and getting to know people . avoiding suit and tie kind of situations .
good for you . life is too short . have some fun , get dirty .
exactly ! i do not have any people at my house to worry about . makes life easy .
i was there once . now i love my daughter , life is good
that's fair . i might talk to family again if i had a good enough reason .
you should . time is fleeting .
maybe i will find a ride to their town . that could be interesting .
before it is too late . go !
hollywood undead is a good band . i am enjoying this song .
persona
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
i was born in london.
i paint in my free time.
i live in vienna , austria now.
i work in it.
persona II
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i love pizza.
my favorite color is blue.
i live in the usa.
dialogue
hi , my name is sharon ! what is your name
hi . i'm michelle , from vienna , austria . where do you live ?
i live in the us home of the best pizza in the universe
pizza is yum . i eat a lot of pizza when i work late on an it project .
you have music we have pizza !
lol . actually , i love painting in my spare time .
vienna is an awesome city how long have you lived in vienna
london is my birth place , but my boyfriend 5 years now wanted me to move .
is he from vienna ? or did he want to go there for professional reasons
his job . of course . where do you work ?
i work at a medical clinic that works with transgender youth
sounds like a busy type of job .
lately we have been swamped we just opened a counseling department
that is fantastic . way to go !
persona
i've one sister and a niece and nephew.
i m almost finished with my degree.
i m 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i really like cake and don t prefer vegetables.
i take care of my mother and father.
persona II
i have a lot of style.
when i m stressed , i overeat.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
i love kids.
i m a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm good ! how are you today ?
i'm doing great now was a little stressed earlier
what were you stressed about ?
just things i've to get around the house
i can relate . my parents live with me so i take care of them
must be a busy task , do you find time for yourself ?
i find moments here and there . i'm also working on a business degree
cool thinking of starting your own someday
i'd like to open a bakery . i love baking , especially cakes .
i love fresh baked cookies and pies
you and i'd get along well . i enjoy baking for my niece and nephew
yes we would until i eat all the cookies . . lol
i would make more ! what do you do for work ?
i work children that's to say kindergarten teacher
very cool ! you must be very patient
persona
i've a shopping addiction.
i don t like when people get too close to me.
i love the forest.
i don t like being asked a lot of questions.
persona II
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
i am a zookeeper.
dialogue
hi ! i work at the zoo and have trained more than 20 types of animals !
wow ! that sounds like a lot of fun . i like forest animals a lot
my wife is a zookeeper as well with me .
cool ! do you and your wife have kids ?
yes we have a daughter who just graduated valedictorian from high school .
she sounds impressive ! what types of things do you enjoy doing for fun ?
i love watching nature documentaries .
nice . i like nature a lot . i enjoy exploring the forest .
what is your favorite part ?
i really like the solitude of it .
yes that's a very pleasant feeling .
i also shop way too much . i love buying things .
what sort of things do you buy ?
pretty much anything ! i just like the rush of it
haha that's the opposite of me . i just about never buy anything
your way is definitely smarter . i think i might be addicted to spending money
persona
i wish i made more money.
i have a strange obsession with pens.
i wish i didn t have to work.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
persona II
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
my father is in prison.
my favorite band is creed.
i'm a carnivore.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . working on my novel . what are you up to ?
cool . i'm doing nothing . what is the novel about ?
it is a love story . i really enjoy writing . do you write or read ?
my all time favorite musical group is creed . yes , i do
creed is awesome . i found a cool creed pen on amazon .
is it worth a lot ?
no but i like to collect pens . do you collect anything ?
my dad is in prison , which makes me sad . i collect letters from him
that is sad is he getting out soon ?
no , ten more years actually
that is a long time . was he falsely accused ?
i do not know . i am on welfare by the way
i do not make much money either . i wish i made more .
it is tough that's for sure
i'd prefer not to work . what do you do in your spare time ?
persona
i speak fluent italian.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i'm a cat owner.
my mom is an osteopath.
persona II
i have two dogs.
i lease my car.
i work in accounting.
i like potatoes.
i'm male.
dialogue
talk fast how are you
i m good , how about you ?
just about to walk dogs
cool , i've cats myself
; ; like cats you have a car
yeah , but i m not really a car person
well drive me around i got work to do
i don t really like driving
well cook for you my driver
i like eating pasta a lot
faster and pasta is nice and i'm a male
you seem kind of rude
what you get from a male
well , my brother is nice . he s an archaeologist
persona
i have few friends.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i'm a great baker.
i like to hunt for my food.
persona II
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy shopping online.
i enjoy swimming.
i'm a mother.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm good , i'll hunt my own dinner .
wow , are you a mountain man ? i am sure my boys would love to hang out with you
i love katy perry , do they ?
i do . pretty cool for a mom eh ?
sure , would you believe i aslo bake ?
sure , a man of many talents . you ever read ? i love fantasy fiction
not recently , haven't read for fun in a long time .
you should try it . how about swimming ?
maybe fishing , i can meet you halfway
haha , i do like swimming , but not sure i would swim for fish !
i could build you a spear , then we grill it !
or i could buy one online . online shopping is the best
uh oh , i bet you can shop forever .
yes , especially since i left my job working for monsanto . so much time
i also bake , maybe some salmon or yellowtail .
persona
i enjoy video games.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i write in my spare time.
kpop is my favorite music.
persona II
my favorite food is salad.
i am single.
i teach a yoga class.
my mother was a teacher.
i enjoy nature.
dialogue
hello there beautiful soul . what gets you up and out into nature every morning .
i play video games more than going out
oh dear . if you are single like me , then how do you meet your soulmate ?
i don't i usually just write when i am bored
writing is good for the soul . you know what else is ? yoga .
yes i'd agree do you yoga
yes ! i live , breathe , sleep and eat and poop yoga . i also teach classes !
lol that sounds great i would love to come by
my mother was a yoga teacher and my mothers mother and her mother
wow so you go way back with this
absolutely ! yoga is in my blood . so is salad . i love salad too much
i love games and music
but do you have a 10 pound bag of salad in your fridge ? thought so .
i do not but i like kpop
wow . . . really ? like actually ? because i am a fan too .
yes i love it it is my favorite music
persona
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
i do not like vegetables.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite store is american eagle.
persona II
i am in the military.
i've one son.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm 25 years old.
i was a wrestler in high school.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
i really like trucks an i hate vegetables .
my only son does not like veggies either .
i cannot wait until the holidays i love family time .
i am in the army so i don't get family time often .
the truck i love is a chevy , a chevy durax . i am sure you don't .
how old are you ? i am 25 . i like fords .
i am 20 , that's cool what kind ?
anything blue ! its my favorite color . i need something with a lot of space .
you don't make sense with your response .
my favorite vehicle is any blue one . i do not have a favorite type
what kind of ford do you like that is blue with a lot of space ?
persona
i make a million dollars a year.
i am a baseball player.
i went to miami university.
i m married and have three kids.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
persona II
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
i enjoy playing video games.
dialogue
hey ! do you like call of duty ?
not much into video games . my kids are though
my older sisters and brothers hate them too
tell me , do you like baseball ?
it is ok . sometimes i watch a late night game
i'm an oriole . i had to move to baltimore when i was signed
congratulations ! as an athlete , can you eat fried chicken ?
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
i do . that and chocolate cake ! so good !
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
you just said that ! haha
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
are you ok ? what is going on ?
well chocolate cake would send me running for a gym ,
very true ! i should go to the gym
i don't think i said the same thing twice
persona
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
i like long walks on the beach.
persona II
i'm learning to play the piano.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i am allergic to cats.
i love scary movies.
dialogue
hi there how are you today ?
i am ok i just wish i could get away to the beach how about you
i'm great , the beach sounds fun i do not go much
i honestly do not either wishful thinking
do you play any instruments ?
i am much better at listening and dancing to britney spears than playing
fair enough , i am trying the piano , what about pets ?
the piano is great . pets usually eat my food while i cook so no , do you ?
no i'm allergic to cats unfortunately , do you enjoy movies ?
i prefer tv . game of thrones to be exact and you ?
scary movies are my favourites
wow i am the opposite . any favorite colors ?
i like green the best , you ?
blue is my favorite , it is so calming like the ocean
whats your hair cut like ?
i've never cut my hair since birth . what do you do for fun ?
persona
i've 2 cats.
i love to go to the beach.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i work in a veterinary office.
i'm vegan.
persona II
i live in my parents basement.
i work in a flower shop.
i read a lot of used books.
i am a vegetarian.
i like cats.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
really good , i am just eating some strawberries and relaxing .
oh i love strawberries ? you have the day off ? i'm at work right now .
strawberries are my favorite food . i'm on a break at the vert clinic . lunch time .
righto . i work at a flower shop . i usually spend my breaks reading used books .
oooh , that's an awesome job to have . what kind of books do you like ?
books about cats . i absolutely love cats , i have 3 myself .
i love cats as well , hence working at a vets office . i also have two !
wow , we have so much in common ! where do you live ?
i live in california , near the beach . you ?
new jersey , temporarily in my parents basement while my apartment is being renovated .
do you share a kitchen ? my food is vegan i'd be so annoyed
haha . i totally understand and yea i'm sharing my moms kitchen . i'm vegetarian myself .
whats your favorite fruit or vegetable then ? i think i mentions strawberries
well i like strawberries but i don't have a favorite vegetable . what do you like ?
besides that i like okra , peas , apples and bananas best
persona
i am a cyclist.
my father used to be a cop.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i like long walks on the beach.
i love rock climbing.
i drive a honda civic.
my favorite movie is django unchained.
dialogue
hi how are you today
fine . i've a very expensive bicycle .
that's cool i just got a honda civic
that's a nice car . what do you enjoy doing on your leisure time ?
i like climbing rocks and walking on the beach
what is the title of your favorite book ?
i mainly watch movies a movie i can watch a lot is django unchained
i like that movie also . do you have any pets ?
no i want one but do not have one yet
what is your favorite food ?
i really like seafood especially crabmeat
i like coconut shrimp a lot .
those are good too .
do you create a weekly schedule ?
persona
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i have two smartphones.
i'm a vegan.
i enjoy reading.
i'm a registered nurse.
persona II
my hair is long and brown.
i've a little girl.
i wait tables.
my favorite flower is a rose.
dialogue
hi , i'm a waitress . what do you do for a living ?
i take care of the sick , as a nurse . are you hungry ?
after working at the diner i can not stand the sight of food
i don't eat any animal products myself . i do love books though .
cool . do you have kids ?
nope , i am all alone . i do not know why . you ?
i have a daughter with long brown hair like me
she sounds like a pretty woman , and i love that movie !
i like that movie too . julia roberts was great
yeah , she is a dream . i should call her on one of my phones .
you have more than one phone ?
yes , two to be exact ! do you like phones ?
yeah i've the new iphone
that is so cool , i use one for holding my ebooks .
what type of ebooks do you read ?
many different types , thomas pynchon is my favorite author .
persona
i'm looking to start a business.
i like to get involved in politics.
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
i went to stanford.
my idol is theirry henry.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you today ?
i am good . just enjoying hanging out with friends and family , you ?
i am okay , i am spending the day with my wife and son .
that's fun . what do you do for work ?
i am a lawyer , what about you ?
what kind of law ? i am currently looking to start my own business actually
i practice maritime law . did you go to college ?
i did . i enjoy getting involved in politics . maybe i should have done law
it is never too late ! where did you go to college ?
i went in england . just got back and bought a brand new chevrolet .
that is cool , do you enjoy driving your car ?
yes ! i especially missed it over there .
will you drive me and my family to get pizza ? it is my favourite food !
of course ! hanging out with new friends and driving my chevrolet . all good with me
awesome ! standford is my alma mater so i'll put in a good word for you there .
that is cool ! thank you . what else do you enjoy ?
persona
1984 is my favorite book.
i'm working on a biology degree.
i love book.
i am in college.
persona II
i'm a vegetarian.
i wish that i lived in the city.
i live on a pig farm.
i have allergies.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hey , doing good . how about you ? what you up to today ?
i am just gonna attend to the pigs on my farm
guess that has to be done . i'll probably just read some books .
reading books is fun but i am highly allergic to them
oh wow , guess you won't know my favorite then . the title is 1984 .
wow sounds very old and dusty
i read new books too now that i just started college .
oh well that is good . i live in a rural area and wish i was in the city
i'm studying biology , so the country side interests me a lot .
i don't like it out here
maybe once i graduate i will come and take care of you pigs for a while ?
you should ! we can have tons of fun
trade places ! i like bacon so it would be perfect .
if you come here there will be no hurting my animals !
do you keep them as pets then ?
persona
i am an only child.
my favorite color is purple.
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i really love plants.
i've brown eyes.
persona II
i'm trying to build my online business.
i have a marketing job.
i'm a vegan.
i practice yoga daily.
dialogue
hello , hows your day going ?
great playing with gila , my lizard . do you have any pets ?
no , i do not . what did you have for breakfast today ?
i tend to my plants and had some ripe cucumbers and tomatoes in them , healthy breakfast !
omg , you are just like me . you on a plant based diet ?
yes ! my mom helps a lot , i've no siblings .
wow , you are an only child , what does that feel like ?
ok i guess . at least my room is purple , my favorite color .
that is cool , do you like yoga . i practice for it everyday
i do , my yoga teacher has green eyes , i wish mine were too and not brown !
lol , people with green eyes are winners , but who knows if those are contacts
ll , i will do purple contacts !
persona
i am 29 years old.
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
i live in a suburb of boston.
i am a night owl.
persona II
my father is a mechanic.
my favorite band is muse.
i work at walmart as a stocker.
i am leaving for college in three months.
i am vegan.
dialogue
hello ! i work at walmart . what do you do ?
i am 29 , living in boston as a night owl
wow . i'm leaving for college in 3 months .
nice ! have you ever heard of pearl jam ? they're the best ! ! !
i have , but muse is my favorite band !
ooh , nice . i love hiking in the woods do u hike much ?
no . although i'm a vegan so i would enjoy foraging for plants .
i respect that . i could not do that , i do not think . love meat too much
what do your parents do ? my dad is a mechanic .
my parents is a professional cyclist he taught me when i was 3
that's awesome ! what do you do ?
when i am not hiking or biking , i am exploring the town no steady job
sounds fun . i am just a stocker at walmart until i leave .
yeah that job would get boring really quick i think
persona
i work as a english teacher.
i am a mother of two daughters.
my husband died a few years ago , so i'm raising them alone.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
persona II
i do yoga three times a week.
i'm married with 2 kids.
i'm a high school teacher.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i live in chicago.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
i'm fine , just up grading papers
i am a teacher too . what subject do you teach ?
awesome ! i teach english , but i really want to be an established writer
i teach history , my kids and i volunteer with the red cross .
we used to do that before my husband passed away ! i have two girls
i've two boys , they're a handful
yes ! i can only imagine , its been hard for me since i'm raising them alone
i imagine it is , i'm divorced .
sorry to hear that ! must be harder on the kids
it is okay , they were very young , this is all they know .
yea it was hard for my kids too ! i tell them stories to get by
i do the same . kids are stronger than we give them credit for .
that is true ! they're tough
my boys do not miss their father , he does not come around
that is horrible ! he should be ashamed of himself !
persona
i've always had long hair.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i like spicy food.
i enjoy running at night.
persona II
before i die , i want to skydive.
i've a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
i'm a famous video game character online.
dialogue
my snake tried to get out of his cage . hi how are you ?
i am fine did you catch your snake ? my hair is longer than your snake i think
that's cool . i like long hair . i had to tighten the lid so he cant get out
we should have film it while escaping because i have work in a movie theater for 4 years .
i've filmed him a few times . you can film me skydive from a plane .
i'd love that i also love running late at night .
i've to skydive at least once before i die . don't run in traffic at night .
yes i won't have you tried eating very spicy food ? i love eating spicy asian food .
i love spicy and ethnic foods , indian , italian etc .
lets have something later if you want i can treat you dinner .
i can film your long hair flowing in the wind if you skydive with me .
i love that idea lets make a plan and make a movie on that
ok be there in a minute . i am hungry now . what kind of food do you like ?
i just said it i love spicy food asian food will be my top choice and you ?
only asian ? i just said it , indian , italian . just don't eat snake meat .
but eating snake meat is an aphrodisiac in some country lets try it .
i will try it once if i am in one of those countries
yes , lets try it before going somewhere else how about we buy snake today ?
well sure lets just run to walmart and pickup snake . where do you get it ?
lets get some snake on the zoo i heard that snakes there are really big .
persona
i love to play tennis.
i also love to travel.
i love the chainsmokers.
my dad works offshore.
persona II
my favorite band is the muggers.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
my dreams are often bizarre.
dialogue
hi . how did you sleep last night ?
hello , not too bad how about you ?
it was ok , quite bizarre can you believe i dreamed i married . please !
are you wanting to get married ?
heck no man ! i don't see the point of one partner .
oh , i see what you are saying . yes that's a valid perspective
have you ever heard of the band the muggers .
no , but i'm a huge fan of the chain smokers . who are the muggers
only my favorite band , that's all i can tell you though lol
lol same with the chain smokers . i reckon they're both pretty obscure
i actually know the chain smokers . they're pretty good .
oh really ? how random . good to meet another fan
do you earn an income ?
well no , i just travel a lot . do you ?
persona
i am not afraid to die.
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i'm an army ranger.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i've a masters degree.
my favorite singer is kid rock.
i'm a female.
dialogue
hello i was just listening to kid rock
nice ! i am just getting to finally take a breather . being an army ranger is rough .
wow that is interesting . i'm getting my masters in music so i'm busy too
oh do you play an instrument ?
i play all instruments and teach . i am a music loving girl
awesome ! i'd have loved to try that but i come from a army family .
wow are you a military brat ?
haha ! no but my 2 kids could probably be considered that at this point .
i like to travel and see the purple flower fields
me too . i like my deployments sometimes to just get away from normal life .
i took rotc studies in college
interesting . did you enjoy it ?
persona
i'm seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
and , my best friend is cayden.
persona II
i would travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
dialogue
hello there ! what are your hobbies ?
hi i just had my 7th birthday yesterday
reading is my favorite thing to do
my hobbies include fishing , hunting and i love playing soccer
those all sound like so much fun !
i really like spending time with my friend cayden , he's really good at soccer .
awesome ! i like to spend time with my family
i applied for the gifted program at my school and i got rejected last week
it is still pretty cool that you were smart enough to apply
do you have a best friend
yes , i do . her name is emily
i just missed qualifying for it by 2 points
how often can you reapply ?
how long have you been friends
persona
i only eat organic food.
i own two snakes.
i collect comic books.
i am allergic to dust.
i've an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
persona II
i don t like the beach.
i am a writer.
i m allergic to milk.
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
zebras are my favorite animals.
dialogue
hello . just finishing a documentary on zebras . what are you doing ?
i've just got done feeding my 2 snakes .
cool . i wrote a piece about an escaped snake once .
how cool ! i love to collect things like comic books .
i have never written for one of those , yet . what is your favorite ?
i love batman . what kind of things do you eat ? i only eat organically grown items .
i tried that . . it is hard to give up all the other foods
it really is . it has help with my allergies .
i get that . i can not have dairy . what is your allergy to ?
i am allergic to cats , dust and peanuts
interesting . i am glad it is just dairy for me . say more ?
i dust a lot . especially my comic book and my autograph collection .
stan lee does a good business signing things does he not
he does . he has made a lot of great stories .
does you have his autograph in your collection ?
i actually . i have managed to collect over 2000 signatures on items .
persona
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
i've never met my father.
my mother works at a bank.
i work in an animal shelter.
i speak fluent french.
persona II
i am a mother.
i've two children.
one child has autism.
i've two dogs who are like my babies.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
dialogue
hey there ! how are you doing ?
i'm fine and you
i'm great . just got my 2 kiddos in bed . now time to relax .
well give with my mother she work in a bank
that's nice . i'm a teacher . i love it . what do you do ?
i teach french
awesome . my son has autism and is very interested in learning different languages .
and also work in a animal shelter on the days i'm not teaching
that's so wonderful i've two dogs , they're like my babies .
that cool
do you have any pets ?
no i don't
aww . they're great companions . well i need to go . bye .
ok bye
persona
i drive a moped.
i sing in the shower.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i like to take cold showers.
persona II
i like to eat meat.
i've red hair.
i am skilled in computer repair.
i moved far from home.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
doing good ! i just got out of the shower . happy saturday .
happy saturday to you . i'm about to eat a steak .
yum that sounds great . maybe i will take the moped to the store and get steak tonight !
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a video game tester . my favorite game so far is halo 3 . you ?
2 was my favorite . i repair computers .
cool ! you are a nerd like me then .
yes , nerds are the best !
do you have pets ? i've a cat named oreo
i've one dog name snickers .
cool ! are you a computer repair person for best buy ?
no way . i work at apple !
nice ! do you like it ? they have awesome benefits
i do . i have been there four years . discounted computers !
nice ! what is the discount ?
persona
i am single.
i paddle board on my days off.
i'm a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i'm buying a house.
i play the piano.
persona II
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i am a factory worker.
i want to be in a band someday.
i've a wife and two kids.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hi , i'm just fine thanks
what are you doing this weekend ?
i'm plan on going to a birthday party
that sounds fun . is it for family ?
yes it is for my sister
what do you do for work ?
i do care giver for the senior
i work in a factory . it is exhausting .
yes i no what you mean , i use to
i'm playing guitar with my kids this weekend .
that sound good i love music
what kind to you like most ?
i love the trumpet and just about all kind
persona
i am not a nice person.
i have a nice smile.
i like makeup.
i love to exercise.
many people want to be my friend.
persona II
i have a cat.
i wait tables at a cafe.
my mother was a nurse.
i like to be alone.
i love to sew.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
my personality is not a agreeable one
oh that doesn't sound too good !
my smile has merit though
that is always a plus . i find that i like to spend time alone
makeup is an interest of mine
make up can be fun . i really enjoy sewing
exercise is very enjoyable for me
i work in a cafe waiting tables so am always on my feet
a large number of folks find companionship with me
do you have any pets ? i like cats
my persona is not a good one
what makes you say that ?
exercise is something i very much like though
what do you do for work ?
i prefer makeup very much
persona
i am former military.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i recently bought a camper.
my favorite sport is football.
i drive a truck for a living.
persona II
i love animals and i want to help them.
i am currently on a diet.
i love going to the gym.
i have three pets.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi there . i am so so today unfortunately . it is one of the bad days
i'm sorry your having a bad day it is monday after all .
no it is my ptsd . i acquired it while serving . i've flare ups every so often .
aw i am sorry thank you for your serve
thank you for saying thank you . . . i am having a very hard time after the military
that's understandable hope it gets better for you
i've tried a bunch of stuff to get better , they barely work .
that's horrible . do you like going to the gym
hitting it at least 4 times week and i play football too . i am trying to stay active
that's great i love the gym i'm trying to lose some weight
gym is ok for weight loss , but hiking is better . longer duration and pleasant views .
the hard part is the diet i love candy so much
well , go camping and get away from temptations . that's what i do with my camper .
i will try that i do have 2 dogs i can take with me
i was not sure i'd like it since i'm a truck driver , but .
it does seem like a fun thing to do i know my lizard would not survive it
your lizard would thrive ! not just survive !
ll i don't want to lose her .
i will confess to you that once i ate a lizard . . . not willingly though . . .
org ! that is horrible i love animals to much for that
well if you are surrounded by enemy forces and you have no food or water . . .
that's very true . well i've to go it was nice talking to you
nice talking to you too ! you made me feel better after all ! bye !
persona
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to attend wine tours.
i like to paint.
we have two sons.
persona II
i work for a large hospital.
boating is my favorite activity.
i am a doctor.
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
i live in a large home.
dialogue
hey , just got back to shore , what are you up to ?
i just came from a sip and paint wine tasting event .
oh how exciting ! i love those sorts of events . is wine tasting your hobby ?
yes , i love attending wine tours and also museums . what are your hobbies ?
well boating is definitely my favorite hobby , but all vacation activities are fun for me .
that sounds fun . i want to take my two sons one day .
i don't have any kids , that money went towards my house instead
well i bet your house is nice .
oh i think so , it is very large too
do you live alone ? are you married ?
i live alone , being on call for the hospital all the time makes it hard to date
yeah that is understandable . what do you do ?
i work as a doctor , what is your profession ?
i am just a stay at home wife . my husband makes the money .
does your husband ever take your family on vacations ?
yeah we vacation every summer
persona
i really like technology.
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
i only date people taller than me.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
persona II
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i just started dating someone new.
i m a student.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i am a vegan.
dialogue
my new boyfriend bought me tickets to the best art museums .
how , is it a technological museum
the best art museums in the country with some tech displays . cool right ?
diving free is what i do on my free time too
i've never tried diving but it sounds like fun . are you hungry ?
my dog probably coz he is smaller than my other pet cat
i hope you do not eat your pets . there's a good vegan section in the cafeteria .
i go on date but only if they're taller
i've some tall class mates in my early childhood development courses .
i am hoping that life will last forever
i believe life does last forever . i cannot teach that in kindergarten but i believe it .
technology might find an answer to it
technology is the blueprint of everlasting life , the proof that life goes on forever .
wow , i wish i had that thought before
would you like to come to the museum with me ?
sure , and find interesting stuffs around
persona
i will study computer science.
i like playing games online.
i am on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
i am a vegetarian.
i just graduated from high school.
persona II
i have never had candy in my life.
my favorite mob player is barolo colon.
i'm a professional skittles player.
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
i'm known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
dialogue
hello care to chat with a professional skittles player ?
what is a skittles player ?
old game like bowling . i'm know as the iron skittler . should look me up .
the iron skittler ? i've only just graduated high school , must be before my time
it was created a long time ago . teenager ? must love to eat candy ?
candy is great , i actually really love computer science though . i'm off to uc santa cruz
nice ! wish you the best . i personally have never ate a piece of candy .
thank you , i'm really excited . really ? i only eat candy if its vegetarian .
really . i guess i never got to have any as a kid or something weird like that .
huh . sheltered background ? do you play anything besides skittles , maybe computer games ?
a little baseball . i watch a lot of anime but no computer games .
cool , anime is okay . i really like online games
nice . which types do you like to play ?
anything i can play with others , league of legends is great
awesome . i guess its not my forte . baseball is though .
what do you like about baseball ?
persona
i like to only eat fish.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i've amazing eye sight.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
persona II
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
people don t like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
good ! how are you thus fine day ?
good thank you . i just got back from the gym .
that is awesome i need to get more fit . i'm on a fish only diet .
it helps if you work out to music . i prefer christian electronic as my jam .
nice ! i'll check it out ! so what do you do for fun ?
i actually like going to church . seeing people pray makes me hopeful .
nice ! i need to get baptized , the closest i've come is the swimming pool .
you should . i guess people get annoyed that i worry about the less fortunate .
i think that is awesome ! did you get that from your parents ?
yes ! i try to be nice to everyone , even people that are mean to me .
that is great . all i got from my parents is height and great eyesight .
your not close with them ?
my father passed and my relationship with my mom isn't the best ,
persona
my favorite season is winter.
i sing barbershop and rap.
i love watching basketball.
i love to take naps.
my eyes are blue.
persona II
i'm scared of left turns.
i got hired last week at mcdonald.
i have four siblings.
i think i'm failing my women studies class.
i drive a blue honda civic.
dialogue
hey how is your evening going ? i just got done working at mcdonald .
well , just took a shower after hitting up the courts . how was work ?
its only my second week , so i'm still training .
that's good , at least everything new then . not in a dull rhythm .
yes ! 3 of my 4 siblings work there , so i know a lot of people .
oh nice , you guys get along then ?
most of the time we do . unless were fighting over the car .
haha sounds like siblings . only one car ?
yes its a small blue honda civic , lots of miles , but gets us around .
that's all you can ask for . i don't have a car myself .
i should go and study . i am not doing well in my women studies class .
oh you are a student ? well , go on then and get studying .
thank . enjoy the rest of your evening .
thanks , you too ! and good luck in your class .
persona
i dye my hair blonde.
i like going to foreign countries.
i love dancing.
i have 3 cats.
i'm an only child.
persona II
i've always wanted a pot bellied pig.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
i love owning nice office supplies.
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am feeding my cat s
how many do you have
3 . i love them do you have any ?
i don't but i want a pig
oh , do you want to go and dance ?
i do not dance very often
oh , do you want to help me color my hair ?
what color do you want
blonde . can you help me ?
yeah i got all the moves
great , i will love it so much
what do you like to eat
lettuce , mostly , stuff like that
persona
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
i am a lover of italian food.
my father has a very prestigious job.
persona II
i sing in the school chorus.
grandma makes jewelry.
i have a brown belt in karate.
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i live with my paps and grandma.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i am good , just watching movies with my family
oh that's fun ! i just finished helping grandma with her jewelry .
so , what do you do for fun ?
i'm in my schools chorus , oh and i attend a karate class .
cool . . . i make videos of d models for games
oh wow ! that sounds a whole lot more fun then going mushroom hunting with my paps .
my dad was very busy , i wish we had time for stuff like that
is your dad still around ? i live with my grandparents .
yes but work keeps him super busy
well that's good . well not the busy part anyway .
it is what it is . how old are you ?
i am in my last year of high school .
that is good . any plans for college ?
persona
i like rollerblading.
i'm caucasian.
i avoid eating sugar.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
i like to hike.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i graduated from college.
i lost my arm in a car accident.
dialogue
hello , i have a hike to attend in a few , how are you ?
oh cool . i don't hike but i do rollerblade
do you have any siblings ?
no i do not . thank goodness . you ?
yes , i've 3 older , 2 brothers one sister .
wow that is a big family !
it is . did you graduate ?
yes i did . did you ? what do you like to eat ?
indeed . i am disabled . so i got special treatment .
oh i understand that . i don't eat sugar and eat very healthy , well balanced meals
my arm was severed from a car accident when i was 7
that's absolutely horrible . i guess you would have trouble playing my favorite game hockey then
trouble , but not impossible .
do you have a prosthetic then ?
persona
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
persona II
i just started dating someone new.
i'm a vegan.
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i m a student.
dialogue
hi there , i am bob .
hi bob i am also bob and i work all day
are you a vegan like me ?
i shoot arrows and if i hit an animal i eat it .
yes do you like art ?
well i've so many hours in the office i don't get enough time
i am some what educated
oh am sorry to hear it , maybe later you'll get all the way
yeah i want to learn new things
the thing about life like sports is to just keep going
right , just keep trying i guess
you will improve and be awesome ! what is your dream in life ?
to be awesome above all things
but awesome at one thing is best , what is your one thing ?
i don't want to take over the whole world , just a small part of it
like maybe a bit of baja california ?
persona
my inspiration is clasical music.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
i m a graphic designer.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
persona II
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
dialogue
what are you up to tonight ?
i am doing some work on my art . how about you ?
great . listening to some lindsey stirling . she's out of this world
that is awesome . what kind of music does she play ? i love classical .
she plays the violin . she's talented and gorgeous
i bet i would love to hear her . how inspiring .
you should listen to her . do you like any foods ?
i love cake , any kind . how about you ?
i'm a huge lover of meatloaf , and coffee but only with alcohol in it
i've never had coffee with alcohol in it . what do you do for work ?
nothing of any importance . what about you ?
i do some graphic design for a few places
oh are you any good at it ?
i'm glad i can do art for a living . i love to draw .
do you smoke cigarettes ? i do when i am stressed
no , i've never smoked .
persona
my father lives in china.
i've a boxer dog.
i like to exercise.
i like to listen to music.
persona II
i am afraid of spiders.
both of my parents are in the military.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i'm a pilot.
dialogue
hello i am troy i fly for a living
hello troy . are you an airlines pilot ?
yes i am my dad is a pilot in the military to
so it is a tradition . cool . my dad teaches kids in china .
that's really cool do you have any phobias ? spiders terrify me
sometimes i'm scared of dying young . i wish i knew why .
same here . do you have any pets ? i have dogs
yes , i have a dog , too . called sparky . how many do you have ?
i've two right now they can be a handful
yes , i can imagine . what breed are they ?
beagles what kind is yours ?
he's a boxer . a very strong guy .
oh yea those are pretty powerful a friend of mine has one
i wrestle him sometimes , and he wins .
lol cute mine are always full of energy
what else do you like ? i work out a lot .
persona
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
persona II
i really like cake and do not prefer vegetables.
i have one sister and a niece and nephew.
i'm almost finished with my degree.
i take care of my mother and father.
dialogue
hello there how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great , just got home from my favorite store , costco .
oh cool i love costco i go there to get cakes i really enjoy a good cake
mmmm cake . on the way home i listened to jacob sartorius , my favorite singer .
i will have to look him up later . my niece and nephew may know him .
its not worth looking up . the pastime activity i enjoy the most is simply cloud watching .
amazing i watch clouds all day . i'm about to finish my degree for meteorology .
its not all the different than my idea of flirting . . to stare from a distance
oh i need a bit more than look on . have any family ? i've a sister
yes i've 7 children and i am really struggling
i'm sorry to hear that . i'm also struggling here watching my parents in their last moments .
i'm nothing but a snake oil salesman with a dead end 9 5
i hope you find something worthwhile soon . i know its hard
quietly sobbing in dark cubicle
persona
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i work at a retail store.
i have red hair.
i live close to the coast.
persona II
i used to work for monsanto.
i'm a mother.
i enjoy shopping online.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
dialogue
hi there ! how has your weekend been going ?
its been good ! enjoying the beach life , and you ?
i have been reading and doing a bit of shopping on amazon .
i love shopping ! i actually just bought red hair dye yesterday .
oh wow ! tell me more . why red ?
i always wanted to be a red head . i am normally blonde . where do you work ?
that is great ! i actually am out of work . i quit from monsanto .
why did you quit ? i work in retail .
it just felt wrong to be there , and i wanted time with my kids .
that is understandable . i live near the ocean , in myrtle beach . where do you live ?
i love the beach . i am near sacramento .
sacramento is beautiful ! what is your favorite thing about the beach ?
i love beachcombing and the peaceful sound .
yes , the sound is the best . i love walking along the water at night .
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i'm the youngest in my family.
i'm a freshman at nyu.
i've two older brothers.
persona II
my favorite music is country.
i like the internet.
i am a vegetarian.
i've a new job.
dialogue
hello ! where are you from ?
freshmen year sucks , high how are you ?
ahhh i remember those days , i'm good though , stressing over work though
i live in the dorms i at nyu where i'm a student
oh nice , that must be really cool in new york !
my two older brothers stress over work as well
do you have a job ?
i'm the baby in the family , you know the youngest ! no i don't
gotcha gotcha , taking lots of student loans ?
i have the blues , the baby blues it is my favorite color
oh well i used to like blue but find myself liking red better now
no , i held up a candy store , of course i have loans
persona
i've went to mexico 4 times this year.
i hate mexican food.
i like to ski.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
i like to eat cheetos.
persona II
my favorite food is a burger.
my favorite color is red.
i work as an accountant.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite musical is hamilton.
dialogue
hello ! have you seen any good musicals lately ?
hi how are you today
i am good . wondering if you have seen any good musicals
i've not have you
yes ! i love musicals . hamilton is the best !
i do love that historical rap
it is the best ! just give me a burger and hamilton and i'm happy
do you like mexican food ?
not unless it is a mexican burger ! do you ?
no i despise mexican food
what do you do for work ? i am an accountant
i travel for work i go to mexico often
do you play tennis when you travel ? it is my favorite
i try to but skiing more
skiing is cool . i've red skis . my favorite color
do you eat junk food ?
persona
i'm saving up to buy a new camera.
i like spicy food.
i have always had long hair.
i enjoy running at night.
persona II
i like going to rock concerts.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
i grew up on a farm.
on weekends i go out with friends.
dialogue
hi and how are you doing ?
i'm great thanks how are you
great ! it helps that i eat a good breakfast bacon and eggs
i love spicy food do you ?
i am more of a down home gal , but do like sriracha sauce on eggs
that sounds tasty , do you take pics of your food ?
its not on the plate long enough . do you ?
yes i do and i'm saving for a new camera
so you are a budding photographer ! that's wonderful .
oh that's kind of yo . do you like running
not for me . i work in the farm fields all day .
oh i love running , but seems like the fields keep you fit
persona
i enjoy going to museums.
i'm married.
i've ten nieces and nephews.
i live in new york city.
i am a writer.
persona II
i've a timeshare in mexico.
i own my own business.
my favorite food is sushi.
my favorite tv show is friends.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? tell me something about yourself !
i'm a columnist for the new york times . do you work ?
yes , i have a business that repairs clocks . what kind of food do you like ?
everything ! when you live in manhattan you have your choice of food !
manhattan sounds great ! i've a timeshare in mexico , but otherwise i do not get out much .
do you have any hobbies ? i like to go to art museums .
i like to watch tv . my favorite show is friends ! do you have any pets ?
no pets , my husband is allergic to most animals . but my niece has a dog .
i've a cat named sushi i named him after my favorite food , ha ha .
that's so cute ! do you have a big family or a small one ?
small . i am an only child , and i don't have kids yet . what about you ?
no kids , but i have 10 nieces and nephews that i adore ! where do you live ?
persona
i am a high school teacher.
i live in chicago.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i do yoga three times a week.
i'm married with 2 kids.
persona II
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i love to read.
i am a vet tech.
dialogue
hi what do you do for fun ?
hi . i usually go to yoga a few times a week . what about you ?
well i like going to watch scary movies and i love reading
ooh . i love reading as well . i am actually an english teacher .
wow ! was that what you always wanted to do ?
yes . i love giving back to the community i grew up in .
it is good to know there are good people out there !
thank you . that's what i try to instill in my kids .
how many kids do you have ?
i have 2 of my own , as well as 30 in my class lol
are you a religious person ?
if you count going to church on holidays as religious . you ?
i am not militant or anything but yes i enjoy church .
that's good . i sometimes wish i could go more , but i get so busy .
persona
i also own a cupcake business.
i'm always late.
i sing in the shower.
i work in a diner.
persona II
my mom went crazy when i was three and i haven t seen her since.
my hair is black and curly.
my dog is my best friend.
i believe in leprechauns.
i'm an accountant.
dialogue
how are doing this evening ?
i am wonderful just left work . you ?
great . i'm hanging with my best pal , patches the dog .
cool . . . that's a neat name for a dog
he sometimes helps me hunt leprechauns .
cool . . . that is a neat name for a dog
sometimes we try to track leprechauns .
cool . . . that's a neat name for a dog
after a long day working as an accountant it is great to have a friendly bark .
oh wow ! ! i'm working on a new leprechaun cupcake
are you a baker by profession ?
i've two jobs . . . at a diner and i own a bakery
sounds hectic . i am glad i just have the one job .
i am never on time for anything so it is very hectic
if i were late for work , my black and curly head of hair would explode .
lol . i hope you are never late
persona
i work in the military.
i like things that explode.
brownies are my favorite dessert.
i also like kittens.
i have been all over the world.
persona II
i am a member of the ymca.
i'm learning to play the piano.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i love scary movies.
i'm allergic to cats.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hello , i love a good brownie , how about you ?
i love brownies and scary movies . do you ?
my life is a scary movie , i am in the marines .
oh wow . thank you for your service . how long have you served ?
i've been in for 5 years now and i've seen the world .
which was your favorite country to visit ?
australia , only wild life is trying to kill you there . lol
lol i'm allergic to pet dander . did you see any koalas ?
i have seen a few , but my favorite is kittens .
kittens are cute they have short hair like me . do you play any instruments ?
not unless you count my grenade launcher , i'm fond of explosions .
i am learning piano . bugs bunny had an exploding piano ! lol
i am super fond of bugs bunny , my favorite character was the martian .
he was hilarious . yosemite sam was funny too .
how long have you beeen playing the piano ?
persona
i sing many songs.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i'm a happy person.
persona II
i am a travel agent.
i am traveling to barbados next month.
my parents own a business that i am now running.
i like fitness.
dialogue
hey how are ya ? doing ok today ? i'm traveling to barbados right now .
hi ! just fine , thank you . you seem like a happy person . i'm too
i am very happy . exercise and fitness is what makes me happy .
do you ever listen to the mutineers while exercising ? i really enjoy them
i love the mutineers . what do you do for a living ?
i am a singer ! not famous by any means though
i am a flight attendant . but i help put my parents with their business as well
very cool . and what do your parents do ?
they own a nail salon . free manicures for me !
i never had a manicure before . do they hurt ?
sometimes a little uncomfortable . what kind of music do you sing ?
all times ! whatever you suggest i sing
i sing sometimes too . i used to do a lot of musical theatre .
oh you are really talented then ! i read on the side
thank you ! what do you like reading ?
i'm a fiction reader
persona
i enjoy swimming.
i love cooking.
i have 4 dogs.
i've a missing pinky toe.
i don't like green eggs and ham.
persona II
i love cats.
i've five children.
i'm a woman.
i like crocheting.
dialogue
hello i'm a mother of five kids and 4 cats
four is our lucky number , i also have 4 pets . but dogs .
i like dogs but just love to hear cats purr
a cat bit off my pinky toe , but i still love them .
well i could crocheting you a thing to cover your toe .
oh that's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
i like to crochet hats for the kids and collars for cats . nd
cooking is what i like to do . and eating . but no green eggs and ham !
no green eggs remind you off grass
i know ! when i go swimming grass gets on my feet . yuck
if you ever take your dogs they will do a cute dog paddle swim .
oh yes is not that the sweetest ? i love swimming dogs .
persona
i work at google.
i'm a software engineer.
i live in seattle.
i started at google on an internship.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
persona II
i wear glasses.
i am recently divorced.
i am a childrens librarian.
i've no children of my own.
i'm very shy.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
i am fine . how are you ?
i'm okay . going through a difficult time , but i'm managing .
i'm sorry . where are you from . i'm from seattle .
i am from grand rapids , michigan . i hear seattle is windy .
i work indoors with a software company so i never notice .
i work indoors , too . i work at a library . bookworm .
that is cool . whats your favorite food ?
fried chicken , dark meat ! what is yours ?
i really like lobster . how long have you been a librarian ?
seven years . i love it . do you have children ?
no , i work too much for kids .
maybe in the future ? i don't have kids yet , either .
kids are too much trouble . freedom is better .
persona
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i am a widow.
i want to be a famous photographer.
persona II
although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i'm a graduate student.
i volunteer with dogs.
i am in between classes.
i m always early.
dialogue
hey i don't have long to chat . how are you ?
that s ok i don t have long either . i m fine .
what are you up to today ?
i'm taking pictures . i'm a photographer
nice ! you should take pictures of shelter dogs and help them get adopted !
that's a good idea . i love animals .
me too . animals like me and i like them . i'm in medical school though
that's very admirable too . i've taken photos of doctors in action before .
i'm waiting for class to start . i get here too quick but there's no real time
i do that too . got to get the best seat .
for sure . i volunteer with the shelter in my spare time .
my wife used to help out at the shelter before she got sick .
what is wrong with her
she had cancer . she passed away .
sorry to hear that . that's sad .
it is okay . these things are a part of life .
persona
i like soccer.
i love game of thrones.
my brother used to be in the navy.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
persona II
i am a older lady.
i like to cook stews.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
dialogue
hi there ! tell me about yourself
i like to play soccer , i love games of throne and a vegan
that's pretty cool . i'm an older woman , who knows how to make a mean stew
i like mean stew
i could make you a meat free stew !
that's nice but what about mashed potatoes
if it has cheese in it ! cheese is the bomb .
must taste very good
oh yeah . cheese plate frank sinatra playing , and watching spongebob on mute , perfect
that is some type of combo
well , you gotta try it high or its not worth it . but yeah
i guess i am will , just thinking make me want to eat
persona
i don't own a television.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i cannot stand pizza.
persona II
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i am obsessed with filming.
i try not to think about death.
i am a very bad liar.
dialogue
i like to make people smile , and that's why people think i'm crazy
hi . i'm bryan and i'm an art teacher .
hi bryan , do you also like filming ? i'm crazy about it
people think i'm crazy because i do not like pizza .
yeah , that's a funny thought . . . you think i'm lying ? i'm bad at it
i like films but don't have a television .
just don't make me watch films that's related with death , don't want to think abou tit
i am sorry i am not making sense . my girlfriend just left me .
