i'm a cyclist.
my favorite food is pizza.
my father used to be a cop.
i am single.
persona II
i am from georgia.
i can play the violin.
i love chocolate.
i want to have two kids.
i cannot sing very well.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are u ? i just got off work am a waiter at a pizza place .
i'm well , its really hot in georgia right .
good thing i love pizza so fed up with the hrs . is georgia pretty ?
its pretty , i like to sit on my porch and play my violin .
how lovely . sounds like a nice place to ride my bike !
it would be , when i've kids , i want to teach them to ride bikes !
i wanted to have kids but recently divorced so now single .
i'm sorry , i'd give you chocolate because that makes everything better
it sure does . my dad use to do that when i was sad
did he used to sing too ? i wish i could sing .
when he was home . he was a cop so did not see him often .
well i hope he was safe on the job .
he was , he retired five years ago . are u married ?
no , not ready for that yet .
i guess i wasn't either . any hobbies besides the violin ?
persona
i wish that i could be an animal.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
regular life disappoints me.
i don t get along with my family.
persona II
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i'm unsure of who i'm attracted to.
i feel that i can t live up to many people s standards.
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
hi there , i'm bob . i'm well .
unfortunately i've always been disappointed by regular life .
yea , did your parents reject you too ?
my family and i are never able to get along .
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
this has lead me to always wishing i could become an animal .
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i regularly wonder what life would be like up in space .
do you have any pets ?
i don't . do you ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
oh that is very nice
i really really like hot dogs
hot dogs are always yummy .
persona
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i'm 17.
persona II
i m allergic to cats.
i've one little boy named owen.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i love to have my nails done.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how is it going
good just relaxing watching tv and you ?
getting ready for school tomorrow
well good luck with that lol glad i'm done with school
i am off to college very soon but i'll be wild this summer
lol well do not have kids or get married because my days are over
lol how many children do you have
i only have one . a lil boy his name is owen
aww how cute . how old is he
he's 3 . do you want kids eventually ?
yes but it will be way later , i am only 17
oh ok so whats your favorite thing to do ?
i like painting and playing cards . you ?
persona
i m currently looking for employment.
i am colour blind.
i'm a mother of two.
my favourite band is rush.
persona II
i m always early.
although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i'm a graduate student.
i'm in between classes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
it is so hard to type with my dog jumping up on me .
how old is your dog
he's ten . animals just love me . you ?
i do not have any pets
i am sorry . my dog wakes me up so i can get to class early .
its like a fluffy alarm clock
yep . one day i will be a vet . and you ?
i've 2 kids and i am looking for a job
when i open my practice . i will hire you .
that sould be so nice of you
i try . right now i'm just a poor student though .
yeah i feel you do you like music
persona
i'm very shy.
i am recently divorced.
i wear glasses.
i've no children of my own.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i love to hunt.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i grew up in the deep south.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . how about you ?
great , i got my new glasses today .
seeing is good . i am getting ready to go out hunting .
my ex husband loved to hunt .
i love hunting . but do not fish . if i am not going to eat it why catch it
true . sometimes i take my nephew fishing . we like fish .
i grew up in cajun country . not liking fish makes me weird lol
other than fish i eat lots of chicken .
i like chicken . especially chicken tacos . i love mexican food !
mexican food is very yummy .
yes it is . i could live off of it !
if i was not so shy i'd ask someone to go eat some with me .
persona
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i can speak three languages.
i'm currently traveling in japan.
i work remotely as a programmer.
persona II
my favorite food is pasta.
i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.
i love helping people.
i'm a older woman.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , konichiwa , bonjour . how are you ?
bonjour , i'm very well , how are you ? have you had your supper yet ?
yes i had noodles and fish . very popular here in japan
that sounds tasty . i had my favorite dish . pasta with red sauce .
are you italian ? the best italian food is in naples where i traveled last year
i am irish . i hope to travel more now that my spouse and i have retired .
traveling is exciting , but i travel a lot and it can get lonely
i get lonely too , volunteering with the local park service helps .
what kind of work did you do ? i work as a programmer .
i am a retired bookkeeper . i volunteer now as a docent at a local history museum .
and you are living in ireland now ?
i live in the applachain mountains . my husband brought me here many years ago .
i love the mountains . i was worked in north carolina in the mountains .
what time of year were you there ? the mountains are particularly lovely in autumn
i was there in the summer and autumn . very brilliant colors in the fall .
did you enjoy the weather ? i suppose japan is not quite as hot as carolina in summer .
japan is beautiful . you should take your husband and come here .
persona
i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i like to go to the movies.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
persona II
i've three great danes.
i despise sweet potatoes.
i run marathons.
i'm a weightlifter.
i love the all american rejects.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how is your day going
it is going great so far . how about you ?
it isn't bad , just got done with my 2 mile walk . feeding the dogs now .
two miles is a long walk ! i've 3 great danes , what kind are yours ?
wow , those are big ! mine are a pit bull and a chihuahua . they are both mean
yes , they are . have you ever run a marathon ? i'm doing one this weekend .
yes i run them all the time ! how exciting , are you ready
i think so , i just hope the weather is nice . any weekend plans ?
i work three jobs so i've to work , but maybe i'll catch a movie , you ?
you are busy ! the marathon is saturday and then an all american rejects concert sunday .
that sounds exciting , i've not heard of them
they are great , you should give them a listen . what movie do you think you'll see ?
hmm i don't know yet , maybe it . have you seen it
not yet but the original has given me nightmares for 27 years . i hope you enjoy it
oh i'm sorry , yes it was somewhat disturbing
persona
i went to college in chicago.
i'm the youngest of 3.
i love playing tennis.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i am pursuing my law degree.
persona II
my mom went crazy when i was three and i've not seen her since.
i'm an accountant.
my dog is my best friend.
my hair is black and curly.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing today ?
hello . how are you ? i am well .
i'm good just got back from a tennis match . it started raining
i'm an accountant . what do you do ?
well currently i'm going to the university of chicago to obtain a law degree
awesome ! so you like law ?
i do i think my love for mystery novels is what really got me into it
awesome . i love to read too .
what kind of stuff do you like to read ?
i like to read shakespeare . it distracts me from my accounting life .
i bet . any brothers or sisters ?
no , my mom went crazy when i was three and i was a foster kid .
sorry to hear that i am the youngest of 3 so kind of the opposite .
cool . well , i still have my dog . he is my best friend .
i love dogs . they make great companions !
persona
my parents are science deniers , but un religious.
i work at my community garden center , and volunteer at the animal shelter.
story i ve ever heard.
i am wiccan , but haven t told them.
i don t believe any a.
persona II
i've two children.
i sell clothing on facebook.
my husband is a pastor.
my hair is curly and dark.
i don't like to clean house.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i am fantastic . i just got my two kids to bed .
oh . i just got back from volunteering at the animal shelter .
rock on . i stay at home and sell clothes on facebook .
cool . are you religious ? i've not told my parents i am wiccan yet .
i am the wife of a pastor . spirituality is important in our home .
oh . i grew up in a un religious home .
god is always around , i hope he does not mind that i don't like cleaning .
haha . i do not either .
so do you think your parents will be ok with your decision ?
i'm really not sure . i'm worried to talk to them .
because of the lack of religion , or because of the basis of wicca ?
because of the basis of wicca .
persona
i went to college in maryland.
i live in huge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
i am a professional basketball player.
i play for the washington wizards.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i love gummy bears.
i have a parakeet.
i've 3 roommates.
i am lactose intolerant.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you this beautiful day ?
hey there ! not to bad , and yourself ?
its the off season , so i am enjoying the day and time . i am a pro ball player
that's awesome , how do you like it ?
i love to play , and its my security . what do you do ? . . for a living ?
currently a student but i work at a pet store part time . do you like animals ?
i did have a dog growing up . yeah . i still miss that dog .
with three roommates it is too crazy for a dog lol but i have a little parakeet
that's cute . where do you go to school ? i graduated from william mary
i am at university of michigan right now
whats your major ? you work at a pet store . are you interested in being a vet ?
persona
i own two boxer dogs.
i work for a clothes retailer.
my favorite drink is red wine.
i enjoy gardening.
persona II
my favorite food is jello.
i cannot whistle.
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i've 4 pets.
i live in an apartment.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
hello . i'm good , got a magic the gathering event tonight .
what kind of event is that ?
a card game . its really fun
what do you do for a living ?
i am a curator at the local art museum .
do you love to look at art ?
i do . i've four dogs , so i cant have any in my apartment
what city are you from ?
cleveland . we have a jello restaurant .
is that all they server ?
yes , it is . its awesome . you whistle for your server .
is that all they serve . . . is what i meant
yes , it is . its awesome . jello is my fave
do you have any pets ?
persona
my mom went crazy when i was three and i'ven t seen her since.
my dog is my best friend.
i am an accountant.
my hair is black and curly.
persona II
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i'm incredibly smart.
my favorite meal is steak.
i have no parents or siblings.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
i'm great , i don't sleep much though .
i understand that . sometimes i've problems if my dog is not near me
that is absolutely great just fantastic
it is . he's my best friend
i have a best friend
what is your best friend like ?
we love eating steak together
yummy . what do you look like ?
like a very smart person haha
haha i believe it . i've curly black hair
i've a best friend
so you already told me !
i have no family , that's why
i don't see my mom . she went crazy a long time ago
persona
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i have three dogs and two cats.
i live in chicago.
persona II
i cook every night.
i am a soccer mom.
i work for a online company from home.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i love family time.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! ! ! i am in chicago ! ! are you ?
hello , no i am in california .
i love cali ! ! ! my moms live there too ! ! ! !
how many moms you got ?
i only have two ! ! ! they are great . i have dogs and cats too . do you have pets ?
thought so . pets are fun . yes i have one german shepherd dog .
those are my favorite ! ! ! ! do you play quake ? ?
i'm sure they are . what is quake ?
it is a computer game . i am a gamer ! ! ! !
oh no . never heard of it . i play black ops zombies tho .
my brother plays that , and rainbow siege .
yeah , they are great fps games .
what else do you play ? he's a game tester for microsoft .
persona
i am obsessed with my dog.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i love trips to the beach.
i m in my last year of grad school.
persona II
i live alone in my condo.
i post on reddit often.
my favorite color is blue.
i am an insurance salesman.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how old are you ?
i'm 65 and a half
cool . i love in california . where do you live ?
i live in new york
cool . i was going to go to grad school there
what did you go to school for
interpersonal communications . what kind of food do you like
i like chicken and beef and meat
yum . i like to make lasagna and it s so good
what do you put in it
the secret is fresh tomatoes . my dog loves it when it bakes . the smell . . .
what kind of dog do you have
a terrier he's the cutest dog . he love the beach too . we are therefor hours
do you live by one
yes in san diego 10 minutes away
persona
i am going on a cruise next month.
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
my parents recently moved to florida.
i love to cook.
persona II
i have trouble feeling emotion.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
i see a therapist that doesn t really understand me.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there you good morning
good how are you to ?
i'm well missing my parents
that's rough . family are very important
yes it is they went to florida
i'm sure you miss them . i miss my brother . he is in jail
i'm a breeder of cats , the maine coon
sounds interesting . pets are loyal and better than a therapist
i feel that you are right , why is bro in jail . ever cruised ?
brother is always in trouble
me an friends are going to cook on the cruise .
that sounds like a lot of fun
oh my bro is a bum lol on my couch
i talk about mine all the time with my therapist who does not under
lol what does the therapist say ?
persona
i have a passion for politics.
i work at a candy store.
i run two miles everyday.
i've been married for five years.
i played football in college.
persona II
i like to wear red.
i wear a red purse.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i use red lipstick.
i drive a red car.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you doing ?
i am doing well . how are you ?
i cannot complain . i'm just watching a political show eating candy from work .
nice ! i've all things red . car , purse , shoes . . . favorite color ?
cool . blue . are you active ? i run 2 miles every morning .
i try to be . ran 5 miles a day back then
awesome . do you like sports ? i played college football .
yes i do ! i'm for the philadelphia eagles . you ?
same ! that is amazing . my husband an i are hug fans .
nice ! boyfriends family love notre dame !
yikes lol . do you work ?
yes . an interior designer . you ?
i work at an amazing candy shop .
persona
i've a lot of friends.
i'm single.
i am in debt.
i drive a bmw.
persona II
i love hiking and staying fit.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
my name is dave.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my name is steve and i drive a 2016 bmw
hello , steve . i'm dave from vegas .
nice i've lots of friends in nevada
vegas is a great place , i'm a personal trainer here .
i need to go back to the gym now that i am single again
my gym has a newly single program , you should check it out .
oh i'd love to move but student loans have me in alot of debt
i understand that . what do you do ?
i work as a manager of a supplement retail store
do you like to hike and fish ? nevada is great for both .
i love a good hike i not so great at fishing but love water
i'm not great at it either , i go to look at the water .
i love to take my dog to the lake and people watch
i love dogs , i do not currently have one though .
i adopted this guy just after the last break up
persona
i've two tattoos.
i've curly , red hair.
i drive a large , blue van.
i love to recycle.
i am a hippie.
persona II
i work in a warehouse.
i've a very tone body.
my son is a straight a student.
i have a collection of video games.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am such a hippie . long curly red hair , i recycle and drive a big blue van .
well aint that something . do you have a favorite band ?
i have a lot so i will just pick deep purple to go with my blue van .
you may not hear this elsewhere , but i'm proud of you for doing what you love
well thank you and peace on earth and god bless you too .
thanks buddy . me ? i'm stuck at a job i can't leave
yes you can ! let your hair grow long and they will fire you .
haha i wish but i got a kids to provide for . luckily he's a genius
all of us hippies have long hair . nobody does today . not even women .
that is what my son always says . he's got long hair just like you
if he is a genius then he loves to recycle like i do .
he is into all that stuff . what else are you into ?
does he have any tattoos yet ? i've two .
persona
i play tabletop games with friends.
i love rpg computer games.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i still live at home.
persona II
i work all the time.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my brothers work with me.
my family is very important to me.
i drive a nice car.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello
hello , hope all is well today for you !
thank you
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great !
where are you from ?
originally , from cheyenne where my family is from
i am in cali
driving a decent vehicle is important here ! snow is no fun .
what kind of restaurant do you run ?
a small bbq shop my grandma opened in 1985
that's kool
persona
i'm a meataholic.
my dad works for stifle.
i love rap music.
i like smoking weed.
i have a job as an it agent.
persona II
i take great care of my skin.
i think i will be famous one day.
i like to dress up for other people.
i never cook.
i am an actress and i work at a grocery store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , hows your day yo
amazing . its my double down skin day . . . and chinese takeout day . my faves !
that is whats up ! i'm smoking a fatty , listening to some tupac
weed kills the growth hormones in your skin . . . you probably have terrible acne
naw man my skin is legit smooth as butta . do you work ?
yeah . i amma cashier now . but , i've an audition next week , i will def be an actress
good for you ! that will be fun . i am working in it right now
you wear khakis everyday huh ?
naw i wear cool threads . hey what are your hobbies
dressing up , acting , skin care , and eating out . . . you ?
just smoking weed really , and also i looooove eating meat . and hiphop
weed smoking it guy ? no cliches there , lol .
ll that's whats up ! i smoke all day and night . do you smoke ?
no , its bad for your pores . i juice .
juice ? sounds badass ! i love meat too much though , do you eat meat ?
persona
in my spare time i like to play video games.
i work for a marketing agency.
i'd rather read a book than watch a movie.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashed.
i don't drink alcohol.
persona II
i practice yoga and hike.
i love the natural world beauty.
my family is poor.
i am obsessed with animals.
i believe in fairytales.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i like video games in my spare time
i run and play with my dog spot . he's a collie .
i like music my fav artist is isaiah rashed
i've a chicken and a rooster in my backyard . you go hiking ?
really ? nah i rather read a book
you ever read three blind mice , mother goose or king paul ? i've .
i do not understand alcohol its nasty lol
my yoga teacher jenny drinks alcohol when we read fairytales . i paint pictures too .
ll really that sound pretty fun ! lol
i love wood landscapers and unkissed lakes . my family hikes because its free .
its a good way for fresh air also
persona
i am currently looking for employment.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i'm a mother of two.
persona II
i am an only child.
i work at an accounting firm.
i don't believe in love.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ?
i am pretty good . leading a loveless life as usual . and you ?
doing well , taking care of the kids
that's nice . i might die a hermit . . .
do you speak any languages other than english ?
i do not . i do not even speak the 5 love languages
that's too bad . i speak three languages
that's an attractive quality .
i am also looking for employment
you could try accounting if you like numbers and robots
i'm not into accounting
you can be an english teacher overseas , especially if know asian languages
that's true
i hope your love of languages and love of spouse makes you happy
yes they both do
persona
i like photography.
i like to bake pies.
i'm a chef.
i like to garden.
i love traveling.
persona II
i enjoy making 3d models for video games and animations.
i am a lover of italian food.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what hobbies do you enjoy ?
i have a few ! i like animation , netflix , and iron maiden
i like to watch anthony bourdain on netflix .
i've not seen that , what is it about ?
its a different look at travel . i travel all the time .
where are some places you have been ? i love italian food
i have been to istanbul , bangkok , london and more .
that's fantastic . i haven't traveled much . what do you do for a living ?
i work as a chef .
what kind of cuisine ? i make 3d models for video games
i bake a lot of pies sweet and savory .
that sounds like an enjoyable job . what is your favorite kind of pie ?
i think classic apple pie .
persona
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
persona II
i work in car sales.
my favorite beer is coors.
my wife is a hairdresser.
i drive an acura.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there . i am carl . happy halloween .
hi ! i just got off of working my car sales job . you ?
just having a beer , and watching the clouds roll by .
same here ! coors is my favorite . what is yours ?
flying dog ipa , but milk shakes are my best drink .
another good one . what kind of car do drive ? mine is an acura .
i don't drive , i prefer my red bicycle . i'm earthy .
that's cool . much better for your health ! are you married ?
yes , and my wife makes my halloween costumes !
that's convenient ! i've a wife . she is a hairdresser .
she sounds dangerous . what is your favorite holiday ?
my most favorite is christmas , then halloween ! what are you dressing as ?
i'll be dressed as a scary ghost ! i also like christmas too .
i'll be dressed as wonder woman ! my wife will think that is odd .
i wish halloween was every weekend . are you happy ?
persona
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
i never stop looking for love.
i have a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
persona II
my friend once bought me a car.
i don't eat bread.
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
my favorite season is winter.
i'm disabled and cannot walk.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have 2 jobs , i am a waiter on the weekends
must be nice being a waiter and being able to walk
during the week i dabble in real estate
can you get me a good deal on a house ?
i love walking with my friends we are very close
do you like walks in the cold or when it is warm ?
i've 7 older brothers , do you have any family
i had a family until the accident
i cant seem to find love but i will not stop looking for it
you will find it soon enough
oh no what happened ? did you have a car accident
its hard for me to relive . it involved bread and a defective oven .
maybe i could find you a good deal on some real estate
that would be great . youre alot like my friend
wow , i hate to hear about bread being destroyed in an oven
persona
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i m allergic to bees.
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i m the youngest of five.
i've pink hair.
persona II
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i'm a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
i've purple hair.
my dad is a college professor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . what do you do for a living ? i am a nurse
i hotel pets when their owners are away names oreo by the way
that sounds like fun , i love cats and dogs . any siblings ?
my mom passed when i was in second grade i've raised my sister ever since
i am sorry to hear that . i've two brothers and two sisters older than me .
our dad is a professor at the local college
what does he teach ? and sorry if i sound strange but what color is your hair ?
he taught us to read the tale of genji his favorite literature
i'll look that up . i just dyed my hair pink last weekend .
they don't get i dyed my hair purple for cancer
that's sweet of you . do you live near grand rapids ?
no i been there but live near chicago
i like chicago , been there once . so you have no allergies since you host pets ?
no luckily i don't or i'd be in trouble
that is true . i'm allergic to strawberries and bees .
well bees i'm too but pets i'm not
bees are horrible , you almost die and it is painful on top of it .
i hate the cost of the silly medical pen its crazy
yeah , that's ridiculous . i don't like the whole medical system in this country
yes i agree with you we have the worse but people keep moving here
i really want to move out , just don't know where to go
exactly especially where our money flourish may be a fail medically
the process to get anything treated is just too long for no reason , and very costly
yeah my sis is on gov insurance cause she cant get back on disability
my daughter recently had surgery , has a supposedly great insurance , copay is just crazy
sis cries herself to sleep having ms n not able to work
that's really sad . is she on medicaid ?
yeah but was on disability for a while now they cut her out the blue
trump can be thanked for that . real nice chatting with you but i've to go
persona
i'm a truck driver.
my mother was a teacher.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
persona II
my adopted dad works at hp.
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my mom stays at home.
the future scares me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing today ?
nothing much . my step father works at hp
hp the computer company ? i drive trucks
yes , my mom have no work . i was adopted and it scares me a lot .
my mom used to teach . why does it scare you ?
because my real dad might come
are you worried about him ?
yes a lot i think he is mad at me
that is pretty scary . where are you from ?
i do not know because i was adopted
oh , okay . i grew up in virginia
i love to go there someday
you should . the best thing was driving cars up there . especially stick shifts
i do not have a car though
oh . maybe you should get a job to buy one ?
persona
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to go hunting.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to shoot a bow.
persona II
i like to watch movies.
i am a mother of 5.
i like to draw.
i like to do crafts.
i like all types of music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how are you ?
i'm fine my 5 kids are driving me crazy !
oh golly that's a lot of kids ! my two daughters are more than enough !
we spend a lot of time watching movies and i do love that part
that sounds nice ! we spend a lot of time shopping of course !
i love to shop . i love to go to the craft store . i love crafts
crafts are fun ! i remodel homes , which is like giant crafts !
that's so cool . i love to draw things as well
i also hunt , specifically with a bow .
that is cool also . i love music and all types .
music is so great . do you like holidays ?
i love new years it the worlds greatest do over
halloween is my favorite . and its so soon !
yes in less that 2 weeks all the kids will be minions
what great costumes ! that is perfect !
persona
i was born in london.
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
i work in it.
i paint in my free time.
i live in vienna , austria now.
persona II
i'm married.
my favorite color is blue.
i work 2 jobs.
i love the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , hows it going ?
ah , not too bad . yourself ?
yabu just got done chasing some kangaroos out of my back yard
that's pretty interesting . did you have any help ?
yes , my bf of 5 years got the broom lol , kicked him the chest it was funny !
haha ! my wife would probably just make me do it all myself . she would freak out lol .
i wanted to see the joeys even from a distance . . cute but feisty critters
i would be a little more worried about getting kicked , haha .
lol yeah i should think a little more , but when your from london . . . you don't haha
oh , definitely . i get that . you got your excitement for the day .
yay it was better than painting !
persona
i hate carrots.
i love bicycling.
i wear contacts.
i'm very athletic.
i have brown hair.
persona II
someday i would like a truck.
i like to vote.
i do not like working long hours.
i work at a hospital.
i like toyota cars.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , my name is amanda and you are ?
i am jimmy nice to meet you .
nice to meet you too .
what is your favorite car ? mine is a toyota .
what vegetables do you dislike ? i definitely do not eat carrots !
i cannot stand russell sprouts ! ll
never ate that . are you athletic ? i am not right now since i am pregnant with twins !
wow ! boys or girls ? i work long hours at a hospital does that count ?
i want know until monday . . yes , that definitely does count , lol !
i hate the hours i work and hope to drive truck one day .
i hate my hours too . i sometimes work 12  hours sometimes .
persona
i still live at home.
i listen to death metal.
i like cartoons.
i'm in college.
persona II
both my parents are creative.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
i dream of playing music for a living.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i am a college student . how about you ?
i am a student living with my parents going to school
so am i . when i am not studying i go to death metal concerts .
i am getting a degree in the music industry and my dream is to play music
good choice . i haven't figured out what i want to do yet .
my parents are creative people and encourage me to do the same
you are fortunate . i spend quiet time watching cartoons .
my dad is head designer for this automotive industry
that kind of work does take creativity . i am not that fortunate .
i hope i can reach my passion and make music for a living
what kind of music do you listen to ?
all sorts but a lot of rock music
i'm helping my family decorate some for halloween .
that is awesome to hear
halloween is the fun holiday . i like passing out candy and all the costumes .
persona
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i'm a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
persona II
i am the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my favorite band is up.
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , haw are you tonight ?
i am doing great ; how are you ?
i am ok . long day at work , the elephants wanted snacks
where ? me detach research dept as a french fry leader .
i am a zoo keeper . my wife and i work together
do you have any passions in life ? me designer ff french fries
my daughter . she graduated early , and is valedictorian .
cool ! do you have any fav bands ? mine is up .
tubac . i love rap . i also like 2 star symphony .
once at concert , i fell up not down an entire flight of stairs . . .
i did that on my wedding day and tore the
ouch ! i think i might have had too much to drink . lol
lol . i hit the champagne early , damaged my dress .
persona
i do not like to clean house.
i've two children.
my hair is curly and dark.
my husband is a pastor.
i sell clothing on facebook.
persona II
i m a children s librarian.
i m very shy.
i wear glasses.
i have no children of my own.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i've 2 kids and my hubby is a preacher . you ?
i work for a library . i don't have any children .
nice . i sell clothes and other items on facebook for a living .
that sounds interesting . how do you find items to sell .
garage sales . do you dye your hair ?
i do not but i have thought about it .
i've curly hair and it is dark thinking of making it blonde .
i wish i had curly hair . mine is straight and won't hold a curl .
this weekend , i need to clean my house , which i don't like doing .
i hate cleaning too . i really hate cleaning the bathroom .
i'm with you there for sure .
i've a mountain of laundry to fold and put away .
you must not have done laundry in a long time since you have no kids ?
it has been awhile . my husband has a lot of clothes .
some men like to change clothes multiple times a day anyway . lol
persona
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i am a waitress at a popular houston club.
i'm hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
persona II
i have amazing eye sight.
i'm a democrat.
i like to only eat fish.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
where can you find freedom ?
i think withing the democratic party .
for sure also democrats have limited rights to do what they want .
why do you feel unfree ?
i hate the rules at school , home road and every were .
hmm i think some rules are neccessary .
some just make people uncomfortable like me .
i have a rule that i only eat fish .
me i cannot make any rule for myself am only there to obey already made ones .
anyone can make rules they want to live by .
my parents told me not to until i get my own home .
parents can be overbearing . mine were both over 6 foot tall .
especially my mum cannot allow me to make any choice .
persona
i will study computer science.
i am on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
i'm a vegetarian.
i like playing games online.
persona II
i work in advertising.
my mother is dead.
i like to hike.
i've a golden retriever.
i write fiction for fun.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm kevin , i love computer science .
hello ! i'm kami . so is that a profession of yours too ?
i will be studying it soon . . . college hopefully
oh awesome . advertising in my profession . so i write fiction just for fun .
i love fiction . i play computer games , so a good story keeps my interests .
nice . i go hiking every once in a while with my golden retriever .
i like to stay inside and play my games most of the time . .
so you got siblings to play games with ?
mostly just people online . multiplayer . maybe i should make some real friends huh ?
well i guess online friends are friends too . no judgement here .
so if i said i do not eat meat , would that make you feel like i am strange ?
not all all . everyone has their own preferences . i mean i read fan fiction .
fan fiction huh ? i play some games made by fans of games i love .
persona
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
persona II
i'm a student.
i've an internship at a computer company.
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
i've 5 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi cooking ribs cause they go well with mangos
i enjoy fishing . i should get some fish for you to cook
i love to snorkel so water is my second home
if you get hurt while snorkeling and need a lawyer , you should call my mom .
i'd do that if iphones were waterproof
lol ! ! do you have kids ? i have five
no just some komodo dragons i caught
are you a student like me ? i go to school every day of the week
no i recently graduated college
congratulations ! what did you study ?
i studied computer programming and when studying i listen to gary numan
that's so cool ! i'm an intern at a computer company . gary numan sounds like noise .
exactly why it kept me focused
lol . you are quite the comedian . i don't think you really listen to gary numan
his song cars is ironic
persona
i'm a freelance writer.
my favorite type of music is metal.
i love working out.
i currently am engaged to my high school boyfriend.
my parents live in kentucky.
persona II
i do not like my reputation.
i have a harsh inner critic.
i want to move.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i work out daily to stay fit and look good how about you
i'm a bit envious . i never work out as much as i should
do you like to write ? i write for a living .
i think i'm way too critical of myself to write . what do you write about ?
i make a living writing about people and there life styles
you could write about me . i've a bad reputation .
if you live in kentucky , i can write about you
i'm tired of texas . i should move there
because my parents live there , i can visit and write about you
oh , that would be perfect . i could tell you all about the horrid mistake i made
what about music ? do you like metal ? that is my favorite .
metal is pretty good ! i like progressive metal like tool
what is progressive metal ? i am old school
its hard to explain but you should definitely check tool out
that's cool , i'll so what should i write about you ?
persona
i love candy.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
persona II
i'm a cartographer.
i like to paint outdoors.
i used to be a nurse.
i like to make bagels.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i think i have a tiny crush on my coworker , should i tell him ?
yes . i use to crush on the doctors when i was a nurse .
what should i say ? will it be weird ?
tell them some of the food you like to cook . i make bagels .
do you have to get up early in the morning to make bagels ?
yes but i am used to getting up early to paint the outdoors .
oh okay . i do not like mornings , i prefer to sleep in .
are you familiar with map making ?
no i am not , it sounds complicated
i went to cartographer school and i am now a cartographer .
wow . i do not do much other than skateboarding
they use to call me tony hawk when i was growing up .
haha ! cool nickname . how old are you ?
persona
i am 77 years old.
my favorite hobby is gardening.
my family gets together every saturday.
my husband died last year.
persona II
i'm afraid to leave the house.
i enjoy reading.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i love to clean my house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you up to today ?
hi . just finished cleaning my house . it is a great feeling . you ?
i wish i had the energy to do all of that . i am getting old
what do you like to do ? reading is a favorite of mine .
when i have the energy , i love to garden
i would too , but i'm afraid . i never leave home .
wow that must be tough . why is that ?
my uncle . he kidnapped me when i was a kid .
oh my gosh ! that is so terrible . i'm so sorry
thanks . my sisters are the best . they live with me and help me .
that's really great . i live alone . my husband passed away last year
i am so sorry to hear that .
it is okay . my family helps me
persona
i'm fifteen years old.
i live in america in the state of florida.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i've braces.
persona II
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i am an author.
i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.
i like to drink green tea.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing great , just working on my new book ! how about you ?
oh wow ! you are writing a book ? i am doing okay . . .
yes , i work as a professional author . why are you only doing ok ?
i just got braces today . i hate them .
i had braces ! that was when i found my love of green tea .
i cannot wait to get them off ! where are you from ?
i'm from the countryside . how about you ?
i live near the beach in fort lauderdale .
i used to go for long runs on the beach there to clear my head .
i do the same thing with my three dogs . we love to play in the water .
do you have a pool ?
we do have a pool . do you like to swim ?
sometimes . i mostly like to just sit on my grass and work on my books .
what kind of books do you write ?
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i am studying for my master s.
cooking is one of my pass times.
i also like eating sushi.
i'm a student in social sciences.
persona II
i like to shoot a bow.
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
man i love this sushi
i hunt and love sushi . children ?
i don't have any yet
hmmm . i daughter and 1 dog . pets ?
i've two birds and a dog
oh okay . i flip houses for a living . you sing ?
no but i like to make food
really ? john and wayne are my hunting dogs names . you hunt ?
i do not . i love to shop
my daughter hunts and shops for bargains . you shoot a bow ?
i'd like to learn
oh okay . you paint or draw ?
no . i like to cook .
persona
i am a teacher.
i do yoga every morning.
i've a twin sister.
i love chocolate.
persona II
my grandma is from denmark.
my car is green and smells weird.
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my dog s name is toto.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey my names matt , huge fan of yoga !
hi how are you today
great , what are you up to ?
just making some meatloaf you
mix in some chocolate , i love it haha
i bet where are you from
i'm a teacher in new york currently , what about you ?
i'm unemployed to be honest
are you looking for a specific job though ?
maybe cooking that would work out
do you have any siblings ? good idea i love to cook .
i do not but i've a dog
i love dogs , what kind ?
a little mutt named toto . get it ?
you are funny my sister would love you , she's my twin .
persona
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i'm a student at michigan state university.
i work at a coffee house.
i have a cat named seven of nine.
persona II
my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.
i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.
i am a mother of two daughters.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i work as a english teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! are you a student or do you have a job already ?
i teach english , how about you ?
i go to michigan state and i am a barista so i can have a little cash .
that's a good choice . i want to be a writer .
what do you want to write ? like books ? or screenplays ?
i like fiction most , since i love telling people stories . do you like reading ?
i prefer to sing . i like show tunes the best !
that's really cool . my two daughters love to sing too .
do you have any pets ? are you married ?
my husband passed away a few years ago . i have both cats and dogs you ?
i've a cat . her name is seven of nine .
why that name in particular ?
i love star trek of course !
persona
i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.
i take everything literally.
i'm very genuine , and don t like small talk.
i've a very good memory.
i have aspergers.
persona II
i love youtube.
my father works in advertising agency.
my favorite animals are dolphins.
i have my own channel.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? can you tell me something about yourself ?
i'm good how are you
i'm good . i just got a new job . what about you ?
i'm good just looking at youtube
what things do you like to look at ? it is hard for me to watch youtube .
i mainly work on my own chanel but i look up fix it ads
sound like something that i would like
we should partake together than
i'm good at memorizing things . what about you ?
i'm not very well at that
what are you good at ?
mainly fixing things up and reselling them
cool , i think that it is time to go . so maybe i'll catch you again .
persona
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a fitness guru.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that is why i've been a sales person all my life.
i am a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
persona II
it was too small.
i cannot do math.
i just got a new sweater.
i smell like french fries.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am having the worst day .
i am sorry to hear that ? why is that ?
i was at the mall today and bought a sweater . its too small now .
that's the worst . i am 5 3 so it is an okay size to shop for
wait so i am 5 9 so how much shorter is that ? math is hard .
some say fun size , but i saw unloving
so you like how short you are ?
sometimes i wish i was taller . good for fitness though
you like to work out then ?
i sure do ! and after i sit back and watch movies
persona
i am studying literature.
i'm a vegan.
i like to draw.
my favorite food is tacos.
persona II
i am a factory worker.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i have a wife and two kids.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? please tell me more ?
sure i am a factory worker , i play guitar , i am married with two children
cool , i am vegan , yet i love tacos
vegan tacos are surely a thing ! i am fond of sleeping
org . . . me too . when i'm studying my favorite subject . . literature .
mine too , tell me more about yourself
well . . i love to draw pictures of myself in the mirror . . is that weird ?
no its a common way to do self portraits , are you any good ?
i like to think so , but i don't have a judge , you know ?
true true , did i mention my twins ? they're exhausting
no you did not , how cute . . . tell me more .
they tire me so , i probably sleep about 10 hrs a day because of them .
i believe that . . are they identical ?
persona
my favorite book is the bible.
i'm married.
i've a passion for god.
i love to travel.
i'm a older gentlemen.
persona II
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
since my dog died i am incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you ? i am doing fine today .
i am ok i guess . life is rough since my dig died . how are you ?
i am sorry to hear about your dog .
i am just trying to find the beauty in the rest of the world , looking into my yard .
when my dog died i looked for comfort by reading the bible .
that's a popular one . i find inspiration on earth , then make art to reflect it .
what kind of art ? i love traveling to different museums .
sculpture . i like to use my hands .
now that my wife and i have retired we have more time to travel .
that sounds like a lot of fun . have you been anywhere that stands out ?
we went to the vatican which was very inspirational .
ooh , there must be a bunch of ancient and beautiful sculpture and other art everywhere !
yes . we also went to milan , florence , genoa , and bologna .
persona
i like to watch ma.
i'm entering the police academy this summer.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
persona II
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy swimming.
i enjoy shopping online.
i'm a mother.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
i am good . what about you ?
i'm good , just doing some weight lifting this morning
cool . my kids got me up early wanting breakfast .
ahahah my daughter just turned one , so i made her some eggs this morning .
yum ! we are planning to go swimming and do some online shopping today . what about you ?
i'm doing training because i'm becoming a policeman soon .
wow ! sounds great ! i stay home with my kids , but i worked for monsanto before .
oh cool , that's always great to be with your kids ,
yes , i enjoy it . i also like to read . what else do you do ?
i watch a ton of mma
i see . i like fiction books . mostly fantasy .
do you like collecting knives
persona
i'm an only child.
i love dancing.
i have 3 cats.
i dye my hair blonde.
persona II
i'm a software engineer.
i started at google on an internship.
i work at google.
i live in seattle.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
it is sad being a one child home
living in seattle i would not know because it is very busy
though i dance , but there is nobody to share it with
google doesn't give me much time to dance
i wish i'm busy as you are
become a software engineer like me , it will keep you busy
but i'll lose my attention to my 3 cats
i had cats but they kept getting into my salt water tank
i even colored my hair blonde
i try to grow my own lobsters which are yummy
this is to match with my cats
what kind of seafood do you like ?
i don't like seafoods at all
persona
i live near the ocean.
my favorite author is jane austen.
i eat a lot of fish.
i own a boat.
persona II
1984 is my favorite book.
i'm in college.
i am allergic to nuts.
i love book.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi
hello there !
what are your hobbies
i love to read books . you ?
i do but i spend most of my time on my boat
any allergies ?
no thankfully you ?
i am allergic to all nuts . makes eating in the cafeteria difficult .
oh wow that sounds like a pain
college is a pain . what do you do ?
i live on the ocean so my life is pretty great right now
do you surf ?
no i'm not very good you ?
no . i wish as well . i'm not very athletic .
that is ok what do you like to do
persona
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i like to read true crime novels.
i travel every year to disney world.
i am close to both of my brothers.
persona II
my favorite music is country.
i'm a vegetarian.
i like the internet.
i've a new job.
i like to make cakes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how is it going ?
hello ! it is going well . how are you ?
i'm good . just got back from my yearly trip to disney .
i have never been to disney , but i have looked up pictures on the internet !
it is fun . you have to go !
i will ! i'm busy with my new job , but one day
what do you do ? i am a secretary .
i make cakes ! what kind of secretary are you ?
i work for an insurance agency .
that is cool ! do you ever listen to music ?
i do , mainly indie . you ?
i enjoy indie music , but my favorite is country music
i like to listen to country music on occasion .
it is my absolute favorite to listen too while i cook
oh . i enjoy reading crime novels .
persona
i care about the way i look when i m in public.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
i always think people are looking at me.
i think i m fabulous.
persona II
i work out every other day.
i like to fly kites.
my car broke down last week.
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i totally love myself today .
me too ! i worked out all day . what happened to you ?
you must be super fit , i have been trying on outfits , looking fabulous .
yes ! my car stopped working last week but i don't care . i just run .
ug , i hate that . how you look is more important than a car anyway .
i play rugby a lot too .
nice , that's with horses right ?
it is ! my neighbor comes over on the weekends to watch when we cannot play .
that sounds awesome , do you love it when people watch you play ?
yes because i'm so fit , it makes me feel confident .
i understand , if you put in the work , why not enjoy the rewards
exactly ! what else do you do ?
not much , work out , shop , design a bit here and there .
what kind of design do you do ?
hair accessories and sometimes top design , i prefer modeling but sometimes i have good ideas
persona
i am too short to reach the top shelf.
i have five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i have the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
persona II
i like the color blue or red.
i've always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i use to be a wild child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you ?
pretty good and you ?
great ! i'm good thanks , where are you from ?
i move a lot . but i have always wanted to go to ireland
cool ! i've been to dublin a few times on a boat .
i love boats . i jumped off one once , i was a wild child
haha ! so what is your favourite food ?
i don't really have a favorite . what about favorite color ?
my favourite food is steaks cooked medium rare . my favourite colour is blue .
my favorite colors and blue and red . any other hobbies ?
dog walking , my dog actually introduced me to my first and second wife !
persona
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
i always wear something purple.
my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.
i work in fast food.
persona II
i just bought my first car.
i am eighteen years old.
i just graduated high school with honors.
i'm going to majoring in business.
i received a full scholarship to florida state university.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i just started my new job at burger king today !
i love burger king ! i just got my first car !
congrats ! i love burger king as well ! i get to eat it everyday now ! !
watch your calories ! how old are you ? i'm 18
i just turned 20 last thursday .
happy late birthday ! are you in college then ? i am going to florida state
thank you . i am in college . i want to start krav maga classes too .
what are those ? i am going to be majoring in business . what is your major ?
basically israeli martial arts . my major is education .
that is super cool ! i was lucky enough to get a full scholarship thankfully !
that is great ! i hardly get any financial aid .
that sucks ! education is so expensive ! what grade do you want to teach ?
i'm looking to teach high school . i find it very interesting .
i just graduated from there ! with honors because of teachers like you one day !
awesome ! i hope i can be that inspirational teacher . that is a real desire of mine .
persona
i'm ten years old.
i have a lot of friends.
i love dogs and cats.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
i live in a house.
persona II
i am pursuing my law degree.
i'm the youngest of 3.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i love playing tennis.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i have tons of friends . will you be my friend ?
i don't believe in committing that quickly , but i'd like to get to know you
okay . do you have pets ? i love dogs and kitties . i'm nine .
i do love kittens . when i was your age i had a black and white kitten
aw really ? my parents wo not let me have one , but i am always lonely .
are you parents in the room with you ?
no . my dad is at the mill , and my mom is tutoring . she's a teacher .
is there a grown up with you ? i'd like to meet them too !
no i'm alone . my house is big . so i'm safe .
i bet your mum would love to see how we get to talk to each other
nope . she is too busy . my dad is too . all my friends are online .
tell me more about your friends
they're all over the world . but they all talk to me .
i would love to meet them ! can you tell me how make friends like you ?
just be nice , and friendly . oh and know when to listen .
persona
i love adventure that is why i've been a sales person all my life.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a fitness guru.
i'm a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
persona II
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashed.
i don't drink alcohol.
i work for a marketing agency.
i'd rather read a book than watch a movie.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there person of interest
hello how are you today ?
not to bad , how bou you
pretty good do you like music
sure do , the happy go lucky kinda music
do you like rap music ?
sure , probably . any artist in particular you groove on ?
isaiah rashed is a real banger
never heard of him , name a song
yo should look up whats wrong kendrick lamar is on it
alrighty , i will do that shortly . getting ready to go for a run
yeah its some great running music
i will dig into it . you ever excercise
persona
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
my friend once bought me a car.
my favorite season is winter.
i am disabled and cannot walk.
persona II
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i am in 3rd grade.
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i am going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what is your favorite season of the year ?
autumn , that is normally when i get to play soccer . whats yours ?
winter . i wish i was able to play sports but i'm unable to walk .
i'm sorry to hear that . how do you make friends ?
i have one dear friend that once bought me a car due to being wheelchair bound .
i see . well that sounds like a good friend . i hope to make more soon
i get colds easy so i take a lot of vitamin c . how about you ?
no so much . however , i just moved to the united states last year so .
do you have a vehicle ?
i am not old enough to drive yet . i am just 9 years old
oh i see . so do you like it here in the united states ?
so far so good . but i've not made lots of friends yet .
i am sure with time you will have lots of friends ! you seem very sweet !
awe , thanks . yeah , summer camp should change that soo .
yes , i sure do remember those days and how much fun we all had ! !
persona
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
persona II
favorite band is the beetles.
i've a large cd collection.
i play the bass.
i like vintage furniture.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
the damn dogs wo not stop barking !
i love dogs ! just turn some music on .
i'll leave the radio on while i go walk . up to 2 miles a day so far !
good for you ! the beetles always gets me through a workout .
so glad i got my new job . gives me more time to exercise .
where do you work ? i give bass lessons . do you play ?
new job is at programming firm . no , i play drums , but thanks anyway .
we could start a band ! congrats on the new job .
thanks . sure beats those 3 jobs i had . glad that is over .
i need an extra job to support my vintage furniture addiction .
wanna watch my dogs while i walk ?
i'd love that ! they can alphabetize my cd collection with me
what kinda music you into ? i love metallica !
persona
i ve been a vegan since i was 5.
i love to sleep in.
i believe in love at first sight.
i have two brothers.
i work in a lab.
persona II
i don t get along with my family.
i enjoy classical music.
regular life disappoints me.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are doing tonight i'm fine and you ?
i could be better glad you are fine , my family does not see about me much
oh i'm sorry i'm employed in a lab .
nice job daily life disappoints me a lot i'd prefer to be a cat
me two i've to ugly brothers but i love them .
love is great i would like to live in space or i think about it do you ?
yes i do sometimes i would like to sleep in there .
that is nice i love the old fashioned classical music do you know it ?
i know some of it i am a vegan growing up from 5 years old .
i bet it is more healthy than my diet
i'm a believer in people falling in love . ant first sight .
wow me to it even happened to me one time and i still love her .
oh that's so sweet i still love my ex too .
persona
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i work in retail.
i drive a ford taurus.
i love katy perry.
persona II
i believe that mermaids are real.
i've four sisters.
my mom is my best friend.
i love iced tea.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have a car that is big enough for two
all 4 of my sisters think they are mermaids . what kind of car is it ?
i watch tv while watchin out for mosquitos
you must have super sonic vision if you can watch tv and mosquitoes at the same time .
pizza will solve every problem in life , you understand ?
yes and mosquitoes will give you zika and you will turn into a mermaid too .
i saw what you will be in the future , non existent !
after a 12 pack of beer you will believe mermaids are real like i do .
peanut butter goes well with bread and crackers
yes peanut butter , crackers , baseball , apple pis and my best friend , mom .
you train wolves to do tricks for the circus i hear
good old ice tea goes well with peanut butter and crackers too . its my favorite .
dogs do circus tricks too
my mermaids can do more tricks . they like ice tea too . its better than ocean water
mushroom pies are the absolute best you can eat
persona
i'd be honored to give my life for my country.
i m not afraid to die.
i am an army ranger.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
persona II
my mom is a janitor.
i still live at home.
i'm in college.
i listen to death metal.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you doing ?
hi how are you today
i am great , had a really great day
and why was that then
just fun army adventures
wow what did you do
got shot at , shot at some people
wow hope your wounds healed
i'm not too worried about it
you sound super tough then
i just like being over here , away from my family
what did they do to you
nothing , i just don't want a normal life
persona
i love eating kale.
i'm in love with adam levine.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i've two cats.
i have two children under ten.
persona II
i love to watch ted talks.
i love animals.
i don't much like tv.
i like to stay fit.
i love to walk in the woods.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey my kids are so tiny omg lol
have you seen the latest ted talk ?
i need more iron after these babies back to back
vitamins are important . i love to stay fit .
no i do not have time ! i've 2 kids an 2 cats all young
i love cats . what are their names ?
i need me some kale now lol spices an paprika
i saw some kale growing in the woods where i love to walk .
oh really ? like adam levine ?
i do not like tv very much . its bad .
where do you go for a walk at ? is it safe to eat ?
persona
i love soccer.
i have 3 brothers.
i want to move to london when i get older.
i like to invest in the stock market.
persona II
i go visit them sometimes.
i work at a grocery store.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my best friend lives in a big city.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
great ! and you ? heading to work soon i work part time as a grocer .
i'm doing good . making extra money is great . do you have any brothers
no but my best friend is in the city and has a loft there .
friends can be more like family than family sometimes . i am the oldest of 3
it is , my mom is a social worker , for the school .
she must deal with a lot of hard stuff sometimes
she does , it can be stressful but keeps her head straight . . .
that's good that she can handle it . i might move to london in a few years
that's awesome ! ! i may go visit my friend in city soon .
that sounds fun . where are you from
i live in pennsylvania . gonna go out and pick some basil from my mom s garden
do you live near pittsburgh ? i live near boston
no , more close to philadelphia , my friend lives in philly , and its a 30 min drive .
oh ok that is a nice area i have heard
persona
i'm a white dancer.
i've studied ballet all my life.
my mother is a ballerina.
i've the support of my whole family.
i plan to retire in 6 months.
persona II
i work for a large company.
i drive a fast car.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i like to eat food.
i listen to rock music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
my job is great , i am being paid soooo much , but i still want to win the lottery
who does not want to win the lottery ?
i will win , i am telling you . then i will drive my sx into the stars .
cool . do you like dance ? i'm a ballerina .
at rock shows i guess . i'd learn that , when i win the lottery .
okay ? what do you do for fun ?
drive my sx . fast . so what is a male ballerina called ?
a ballet dancer i suppose . i love driving fast too .
well , fml . i finally met someone i'd ask to eat food with .
haha . do you like rock music ?
persona
i love to bake.
my mother is a retired teacher.
i am from texas.
i love to ride horses.
persona II
i am a girl.
i love sushi.
my favorite color is blue.
i own a car.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am wonderful ! hey , whats your favourite food ? i adore sushi !
my mother taught me to bake , she's a retired teacher
oh cool ! i just bought a new car . its blue , my favourite colour .
nice , where are u from ?
california . i love hanging out with my girlfriends on the beach . bu ?
i'm from texas and of course i love riding horses .
i love horses too ! what a coincidence !
oh wow , what kind of car do you drive ,
a camaro and i absolutely love it . what are your hobbies ?
baking and riding my horses , how about you ?
i'm a foodie . i love to find new sushi restaurants !
you sound like a great person ,
persona
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i am from tennessee.
i love to fish.
i am married.
i've a black lab.
persona II
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? tell me about you
i'm well , how are you ? just watching some surgery videos .
i am good , about to go fishing with my black lab
nice , i have two dogs myself . i like to travel do you ?
i do , but being married makes it hard .
its definitely more expensive that way . where do you like to go ?
i am from tennessee , but i love to travel to see charlie daniels , he is my favorite
i really like britney spears . i want to go to vegas to see her sometime .
yeah , she is prettier since her hair grew back
most definitely . whats your favorite food ?
i love mexican , how about you ?
i love pistachio ice cream . ever had it ?
yuck no , i can't say i've
persona
math is my favorite subject.
i go to high school.
i live in the united states.
i play ice hockey.
i am a boy.
persona II
cooking is my passion.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to run.
my hair is long and blonde.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello i am ray and i still in high school
i am nick and i have a passion for barbeque ribs
i now reside in the united states , where i play hockey for my team
my hair goes to my hips and is blonde
just so you know i am young boy
i run daily to stay feeling young
i really love math , it keeps my mind busy
my car is blue which is my favorite color
i do not like running at all , you like hockey
i played hockey in high school
i bet your blue car is really nice
its a z and really fast
awesome , have you ever got any speeding tickets
no not yet luckily lol
that is good , because those tickets can get expensive real fast
persona
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i am a lumberjack.
i cut down trees very fast , because i've a large ax.
i love to cut down trees.
persona II
i have a brown belt in karate.
grandma makes jewelry.
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i live with my paps and grandma.
i sing in the school chorus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning how are you ?
i am doing well , i cooked breakfast for my grandparents . you ?
good . i'm ok , i work all night and i sleep all day .
that sounds rough . do you like it ?
i cut down trees i eat my lunch and a go to the lavatory . my job is ?
a lumberjack ? i go hunting for mushrooms sometimes but that's it
yep lumberjack and i am ok .
do you do anything for fun ?
i sometimes like to hang around in bars . plus pancakes i guess .
i've a huge craving for pancakes right now
they need butter and syrup though are you all set up for that ?
and chocolate chips , in my opinion
oh definitely . i wish i was out chopping trees right now .
i do not . i'm glad you do , though
so what do you do ?
persona
i design video games for a living.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i'm trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
persona II
my dad is a veteran.
i listen to all kinds of music.
my favorite color is green.
i like to play tennis.
i love watching funny movies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am well , thanks ! you ? whatsyour favorite color ?
good to hear ! my favorite color is purple ! what is yours ?
green ! any shade of green , in fact . whats your favorite music ?
that was my favorite when i was little . i love all types of music really ! you ?
same here . it depends on what i am doing . i have an eclectic ipod library .
awesome . so what do you do for a living ?
i run a charity for injured veterans in my dads memory . you ?
oh wow that is amazing . i work for a video game company and design games .
that is really cool . how long have you been doing that ?
for about 5 years . eventually i want to startup my own company .
persona
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i want to live at the beach.
i love honey.
i'm good at throwing parties.
persona II
i just started dating someone new.
i m a student.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
my new boyfriend is the best . are you dating anyone ?
i am not sounds nice
yep . he helps me study for my classes and makes me vegan food .
do you guys eat food
vegan only . do you want to visit an art museum with me sometime ?
are you a complete vegan ?
yes , it helps me focus on my studies . do you cook ?
yeah but do you not even eat honey ?
i put it in my tea sometimes . shhh !
yeah i know some vegans are okay with that since it keeps the bee population alive
absolutely . what do you do for a living ?
i throw parties for a living
persona
i graduated from princeton.
i love to watch the voice.
i'm currently listening to bach.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i travel at least once a year.
persona II
my favorite book is twilight.
i've 6 toes on one foot.
i've glasses.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you tonight ?
hi ! are you a dr , by chance ? i need someone to see my toes .
no not a doctor but if you have pretty toes , i would love to see them
umm . they are pretty , but all on 1 foot . hence the dr . see ?
mmm interesting . i think i saw that in one of my favorite museums .
i also have strong prescription lenses so toes are actually my best feature .
i am trying to picture you . . . . . . listening to bach at the moment
ok , so also picture a nose like bachs but with a bump . . broke after 4th grade .
my goodness you sound like one of picasso painting in the museum .
good comparison ! ! that's actually a flattering comparison for me .
i think i used to date someone like you when i was princeton . great sense of humor
well humor is about the only thing i have going . that and a hi iq .
well i like to watch that show on tv , the voice . how would describe yours ?
not bad when i sing to my son , however that's because he loves me .
they always do don't they ? do you like to travel as well ?
yes , love it ! but i don't get to often . i went to argentina last year .
do not cry for me argentina . yes a place that's on my list of yearly travels
persona
i like to ride motorcycles.
i have many homes.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i ride horses.
persona II
i feel that i cannot live up to many peoples standards.
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
i don't fully understand my own feelings.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day , how are you ? where ya from ?
hi i'm not doing well truthfully . where are you ?
i have six houses in okla now . oh no whats wrong ?
wow . i do not know . . . i do not understand my own feelings these days .
feelings are def . hard sometimes ! i ride for stress relief .
maybe i should try that . i cant trust anyone these days . i am so worried about rejection
motorcycles and horses are my stress beaters ! any reason why u do not burst ?
i am confused about gender and unsure about who i am attracted to
www i see . i say go with your heart and not care what others think !
well i am mostly worried my parents will reject me
nothing like a parents love they will come around .
i hope so . everyone standards are so high . how can i live up to them
live up to your standards not everyone elses
persona
i collect vintage cars.
i ride horses.
i have many homes.
i like to ride motorcycles.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
persona II
my mother was a nurse.
i love to sew.
i wait tables at a cafe.
i've a cat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love horse and own many homes . you ?
i love my cat and i am a waitress at the local cafe
i love motorcycles . you like cars ? i do .
i love cars but i know very little about them
oh okay . i eat very little meat . you ?
i am a meat and potatoes girl
oh okay . i love horses . you ?
my parents have horses i wish i had more time to ride
i wish you did too . you sing ?
yes i do . but my passion is sewing
i see . you own a car ?
i have a pick up but i do not drive much
oh i see . how is your health and do you exercise all that meat off ?
just when i running tables at work
hmmm . you make your own clothes ?
persona
i hate running.
i am married with kids.
my favorite color is orange.
i have 2 cats and a dog.
i enjoy watching baseball.
persona II
i work for a newspaper.
my passion is writing.
i love to do yoga.
i'm single.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
busy but alive , how are you doing ?
i am good just dropped of my kids at school
how old are your kids
they are 6 and 9
do they like to read ?
they do i'm trying to get them interested in different books
i loved reading it got me into being a writer
that is very true do you have pets
i've two cats that keep me company
that is nice i have a few cats and a puppy
i like cats because they leave me alone during yoga time
yeah puppies are a lot of work
persona
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i like to swim.
i'm bald.
i don t work.
i hate tacos.
persona II
i am still living at home at age 30.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ?
hi , right now i am wanting to open my own grocery store . you ?
i am a good swimmer i don't have a job so i swim a lot
nice ! i still live at home and i am a colorblind 30 year old .
i am 30 as well but i look older due to baldness
i actually have a degree in marketing but i do not use it .
that is cool i sont do anything but drink chocolate milk and swim all day
chocolate milk is delicious is not it ! ?
yes its the best ting ever . it makes up for tacos that i hate very much
oh my , i love tacos .
so tell me more about yourself
i think i will soon open my store in oklahoma .
wow what kind of store ?
i've not decided yet . grocery perhaps .
would it be high end products ?
persona
my best friend lives down the street.
i have three children.
i drive a honda civic.
i enjoy taking walks.
persona II
i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i took classes while growing up.
since young i ve loved to cook.
i think i've talent for it.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm so tired after walking with my friend and our kids .
that would wear me out too , i have been in the kitchen all day , developing recipes .
all three of my kids like walking . i guess that is good for exercise .
it is ! i'm going to audition for another cooking show , i have been cooking for years .
recipe ? i'm hungry . ok me and my three kids will be there shortly .
anytime ! i've been taking classes since i was a kid .
we are hungry . my honda civic will get us there in just a few minutes .
what is your favorite cuisine ?
i like taking walks but you mention food so i'm taking the honda civic .
lol . you may want to walk home , i've cheesecake .
i like indian , ethiopian , mexican and real chinese recipes .
i think that's where i went wrong , i stuck with american cuisine .
your a cook but all you have to offer me is cheesecake ?
persona
i'm very good at the drums.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i've three dogs at home.
persona II
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! what are you up to ?
i'm reading for a exam i've and you ?
just finished playing with my three dogs here at home .
cool 3 dogs . i'll get a dog when i'm done with school next september
sounds good . what kind will you get ?
a pit bull . i'll get him when i find a teaching job
i teach drums and i play them really well .
wow my brother is in a heavy medal group and goes all around the world
that's awesome ! do you play any sports ?
no i really do not have time . college is hard lol
i bet . i work out , even though i don't like to , but need to .
my mom and dad work out a lot . they came here when i was 5
i work out to stay healthy . i've a problem with my blood sugar .
oh wow i hoe you stay healthy for a long time
thanks . i check it everyday .
persona
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
i have borderline personality disorder.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
persona II
my family owns a grocery store.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
i get my nails done every saturday.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyers office.
i secretly love watching we wrestling.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , you partying tonight ?
no , not tonight . i worked all day and i am a little tired .
oh i am about to part in atlanta . i do it every night .
be careful . don't drink and drive .
don't tell me what to do . its my world . you are just living in it .
sorry , i work for an attorney . i know how a dui can set you back
oh , you are a sweetheart . thanks for caring about me . i am a dental assistant .
do you enjoy being a dental assistant ?
i do not enjoy anything . i hate everything . except music festivals .
i love we wrestling and having my nails done .
i like new japan pro wrestling better . they know how to party .
persona
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
i am only 5 foot tall.
i have a thick full beard.
my parents are in there 80 s.
persona II
i work as a computer programmer.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i've two pitt bulls.
i helped develop facebook.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there . how are you ?
hello . i am good . how about you ?
same . just got home from visiting my 80 year old parents .
fabulous ! how are they doing these days ?
they are doing well . 2 of my 8 brothers were there tonight .
i do not have siblings but i've two dogs . they are terriers .
do you have any hobbies ?
sometimes i donate time or money and of course walking the dogs .
i enjoy basket ball but i am very short .
i am a computer nerd . . . i love programming and developed facebook some .
oh , i do not know much about computers .
it can be fun and easy once you learn programming .
maybe , i probably should learn .
what other stuff do you like to do ?
i enjoy fishing and hunting . you ?
persona
i care about the way i look when i'm in public.
i think i am fabulous.
i shop online a lot.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
persona II
my favorite food is mexican food.
i love to read and cook.
i am a mother.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i am well thank you for asking . who am i speaking with ? ?
my name is sherry i'm pretty fabulous
hello sherry ! are you a mother ?
no , i look at myself a lot do not wanna mess up my looks . r u ?
yes i'm , currently i'm pretty hungry do you know what sounds good ?
no , what sounds good to you ?
mexican ! i normally love to cook , but it would be nice to go out .
lets go ! although it takes me hours to get ready because i love looking good
that's kind of superficial of you , but that's why i like you sherry !
i'm only partly superficial ! i also like to shop a lot online ! do you like to shop ?
persona
i graduated top of my class.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i've one little girl.
my wife is a college professor.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
persona II
i started taking beauty classes too.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i have reached 50k subscribers !.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
through them i've learned to make up myself and others.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
wonderful ! i just reached 50 , 000 subscribers on my youtube channel !
oh wow what kind sof videos do you have
i do mainly make up tutorials . do you have any side hobbies ?
i work in a hospital so i don't have a lot of free time
oh i bet ! that's great though ! it takes someone special for that .
yeah it took a ton of work with school but so worth it
i just started taking classes for beauty . i feel i can help people that way .
that's nice are you married
i am not . currently single . and you ?
i'm married to a professor
fancy ! do you have any children ?
a little girl do you want kids
yes ! i would love a house full of boys .
oh wow that sounds like a lot of work
persona
we own our home.
i drive a prius.
my wife stays home with our kids.
i work for a large law firm.
i hate tofu.
persona II
i love laughing.
i have freckles.
i like to bake brownies.
my best friend is from tanzania.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am mark , i am a lawyer . who are you ?
my name is ami , i grew up in tanzania . next to the jane goodall national park
nice to meet you ami . do you live in the us now ?
yes . i am in school here at columbia uni having a blast !
good for you ! are your parents still in tanzania ?
no my parents went to alice springs , australia to study spider venom
it looks like your family travels the world !
i am learning to make magic brownies ! lol
i bet you'll be good at it . what profession do you want to have ?
i think i want to be a brownie baker . ha ha why did you choose law ?
i wanted money and status . i got both .
that's funny . now what do you want to go for
now it is all about raising my 3 kids well . their future .
persona
i prefer reading to sports.
my family comes first to me.
i am a gentle giant.
i've survived near death experiences.
persona II
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
i love to cook.
i am going on a cruise next month.
my parents recently moved to florida.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey are you having a good night ?
its ok my brother is still staying on my couch
well family comes first . are you helping him out ?
yea my parents moved to florida and he was staying with them
oh nice . he's here because of the hurricane ?
yea . my parent didn't leave but luckily not major damage happened
that's good . i've been in dangerous situations where my life was endangered . not fun
that sound exciting . you should come on this cruise with me next month
i wish i could but i'm in law school ll
ooh ok well come over for dinner . cooking is my passion . i'm a chef
nice ! always good to relax eat a good meal . hopefully , with a good game on
i love sports . of course the game on
cool . looks like i found a new friend !
persona
i'm a profesional translator.
after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.
i want to become an author.
i am currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i'm writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
persona II
i like watching ufc fights.
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i love to drive my car.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , this is jason . i am writing my first novel .
hello
may i know with whom i'm talking with
i'm dan , i just got off work at the factory
hey dan , may i know your hobbies
did you catch that ufc fight last week so sad my boy connor mcgregger didn't win though .
yeah man i did
what is your book about
it was with connor vs floyd
your novel ? i like to read books on travel and cars .
it is a crime mystery . .
good luck with hope its a best seller !
thanks a lot ! lets see . it is my first .
persona
i've lots of cash.
i have been bankrupt and back.
i am the president.
i used to own a casino.
persona II
i live in a rural community.
i work at amazon.
i've two kids.
i love robotics.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
let us talk a bit , how are you ?
hi how are you today
do you like to gamble ? i was a casino owner at one time .
i do not do you
i love the nightlife and i can have lots of money
yeah that sounds great really
do you like music ? what type ?
i enjoy rock music then
i love pearl jam as my favorite group
do you like robots then
i find them very interesting , i wonder when the first cooking one will come out
there is one that makes eggs already
i love egg , and anything breakfast .
persona
i owe two laptops.
my grandparents are dead.
i ve a flower garden.
i love watching anime.
persona II
i m gay but i haven t told my parents yet.
i like comic books and anime.
i play a lot of video games.
when i've free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you today ?
hello , i'm fine . how are you ?
good . i just got finished watching some anime .
no way ! i absolutely love anime , comic books and even cartoons !
cool ! i watched it on one of my two laptops .
i do that too sometimes while i am playing video games on the big screen .
do you have any other hobbies ?
drawing characters from anime . i hope to publish my own someday !
cool . after my grandparents died i took over their flower garden .
i like flowers and so does my partner .
oh , are you in a serious relationship ?
well i'm , but my partner is getting mad because she hasn't met my parents yet .
have you met her parents yet ?
yes , but she's out and i am not . tell me about your relationship .
oh , i see ! i am not in one .
persona
my mother was a nurse.
i'm a violinist.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i've owned two mustangs.
i am currently looking for a job.
my dad works for ups.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . is not it a great day to adopt a dog ?
yes it would be a nice thing to do
what are you up to on this fine day ?
not much just staying home
what do you for fun . i enjoy a good violin piece to play .
i like to play video games
what genre ? hopefully nothing violent
nah , mostly i play rpg ones
nice . i enjoy eating while gaming myself . have a favorite food ?
i like to eat asian food
i love indian food . it
persona
i am argentinian.
i like to wear boots.
i've many girlfriends.
i like to eat beef.
i like to ride horses.
persona II
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hola . how are you today ?
hello ! wonderful ! and how are you ?
very good , thank you . so tell me about yourself .
i am a bit strange . lol i really enjoy a good ergonomic keyboard chari .
nothing wrong with that . for me , its boots .
i like books . do you like music ?
anything that makes my many girlfriends move with me is good .
wow . player ! lol ! i really love rap music the most .
i'm from argentina . its a part of my charm . where are you from ?
i'm from massachusetts but currently living in california .
where in california ? somewhere you can ride horses on the beach ?
i live in napa . but i absolutely love the beach !
its the image i have of california . plus , i love horses .
the beaches in california are so pretty !
which one is your favorite ?
persona
i'd like to spend more time with my family.
i'm recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
persona II
i speak fluent italian.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my mom is an osteopath.
i am a cat owner.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , do you have the time to type up that reference letter for me ?
what are you talking about ? we just met ! cannot write you a reference letter lol
haha , i am just thinking ahead . i've been job hunting like crazy . how are you ?
i am okay . my cat is being annoying right now . keeps walking in front of me . . .
they get to do that ! do you have any other pets ?
nah just one is enough . lol . you ?
just my family dogs , but they live on the other side of the country !
lol . half my family is in italy . we are italian .
so you understand i wish i could visit them more often . i miss them .
same , its been so long since i've spoken italian . i am always afraid i'll somehow forget
just have to practice . i am thinking of picking up another language , maybe italian ? ?
you should ! ! ! its cool . . . . my cat is staring at me with its hazel and blue eye . . . .
haha . don't look she is start to mind control you . do you go to concerts at all ?
persona
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i cannot go a single day without eating ice cream.
persona II
i love sushi.
i love dogs.
i own a car.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm a girl.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi hows it going ? i was just eating ice cream , eat it every day .
sushi is my favorite . i'm doing well , you ?
i am great i was gonna go boating on the river later i love that .
i love being on the water . blues my favorite color , like the ocean .
this chat is so slow i could run the mile faster , did it under 4 minutes once .
i cannot run . at all . i swim though .
i wish my dad could swim , he was a cop and drowned saving a dog .
that's so sad ! i'm so sorry .
its ok , i eat ice cream and i feel better .
ice cream is a good help for that . chocolate or vanilla ?
i like chocolate , i love to eat it while floating on the river . you ?
always go for chocolate with peanut butter if possible !
yes but too much ice cream not good for my marathon prep . do you run ?
persona
i write childrens books.
i like to drink.
i live alone.
i shop online , too much.
i don't believe in love.
persona II
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i do not fully understand my own feelings.
i feel that i cannot live up to many peoples standards.
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm done with love , i'm just focusing on myself now .
join the club . i'm not even sure who i like anymore .
i like the person delivering everything i have bought online ! lol
lol . i do too . except mine is a girl , and i'm not too sure about that .
hey , whatever works . i also love a great bottle of vodka !
rum girl here . my parents hate it that i drink , lol
love me some captain morgan , way too much !
makes mardi gras a blast . especially when you are an introvert .
i hear ya , i live by myself and the the outside world can just stay outside !
i know what that's like , i don't understand people very well .
i like kids though , probably why i write try to write books for them
i like kids as long as they stay on the other side of the room .
same . or as long as i can give them back .
giving them back is the main thing , lol
i should write something about how to remain kid free !
persona
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i'm a huge fan of classical jazz.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i am on a low carb diet.
persona II
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? are you having a good day ?
i'm good what hobbies so you have
i like to listen to jazz music .
that is nice i like to travel
where have you been ? anywhere nice ?
i try to go to a new place every summer
that sounds like fun . have you ever met any celebrities ?
no i wish though have you
i had lunch with will ferrel last week .
wow that is so cool how did you manage hat
i know his mother . she invited me to lunch .
that is so cool do you like ice cream
i do . i like vanilla . what flavor do you like ?
pistachio is definitely the best
it was nice meeting you today .
persona
i am a student at michigan state university.
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i work at a coffee house.
i've a cat named seven of nine.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
persona II
i am excellent at playing pool.
i would love to visit the pyramids.
i want to write a book before i die.
i teach middle school art.
i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing this beautiful day ?
i m playing pool . love it ! you ?
i am sitting here drinking a cup of coffee on my break
being a middle school art teacher i feel like i always need a coffee break
i do not blame you . i'm a student
what are you studying ? i just finished a seminar on the pyramids . love them
congrats ! i'm doing psychology at michigan uni
interesting . i d love to write a psychology book
you should definitely do that . is there anything else you really like to do ?
see a unicorn . yeah i know they don t exist be a girl can hope
i can just put a horn on my cat ?
haha . it would be better if you put it on your horse
i wish i actually had one of those !
persona
i own two boxer dogs.
i have one child.
my favorite drink is red wine.
i enjoy gardening.
persona II
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
my father was a cop.
my mother was a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is mia . whats yours ? where do you live ?
hi ! i'm jane . living in virginia since i was growing up
hi jane . i am in california . are you working or retired ?
working but i enjoy just driving stickshift cars . you ?
i'm retired school teacher . one son , married . i love to garden . stickshift cars . . . my dad taught me
oh my mom was a teacher in virginia !
great . how old are you ? do you have sisters and brothers ?
i am 25 . no siblings . my dad was a cop and he always wanted me to be one
its a good profession . since retired i love watching movies , cooking , and sipping red wine .
that sounds relaxing ! i probably wo not be a cop though
well , everybody is different . just choose wisely , enjoy your life , life is precious .
persona
i am 25 years old.
i m in the military.
my favorite color is blue.
i have one son.
persona II
i am a meat eater.
i love country music.
i like football on tv.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello my name is duke how are you
hi duke ! i am doing well . ready to watch football . how are you ?
fine just enjoying leave from base
what branch of the military are you in ?
marines but i am only 25
nice ! i don't have a job . i just like to hunt
one day i'll teach my son to hunt
how old is your son ? it is a fun hobby , especially if you eat meat
he is 4 but his mom is in for a big surprise
why is that ? surprising her with country music tickets ? that's my favorite .
no i got a sitter next week and gonna ask for her hand
that is sweet , congratulations ! where will you ask her ?
my favorit color is blue so table for 2 at blue manor
cool . my favorite is steak , what will you order ?
she always had her eye to try their tiramisu so i took that as inspiration
persona
i like the taste of cheese.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i hate to drive.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i am younger then 46.
persona II
i've brown eyes.
my favorite color is purple.
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i'm an only child.
i really love plants.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hows it going today ?
fabulous . do you have a pet ?
that's nice . no , no i do not . i cannot stand them !
well i'm not into typical pets . i have a lizard named gila .
does gila shed ? i bet she does . i bet !
she does . and its kinda freaky !
freaky . i have allergies and take pills to survive . gila will not help me survive !
are you allergic to plants ? i love plants !
i probably am . . . i wish i potentially wasn't ! i wish i could be . . . more normal ?
well being a normal child has not helped me to find whats normal either !
i take it that you might be . . . weird ?
i meant to say only child . auto correct is my nemesis !
oh . phew . i am so glad i am talking to somebody normal . do you drive ?
yes . a big purple creeper van .
do you give rides to people who hate driving such as myself ? ?
persona
i am married.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
persona II
i like to go to the movies.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love taylor swifts new album !
i'm not familar with it , did you hear about troy gentry passing away today ?
no , i didn't . i might have to ask my husband .
so very sad . helicopter accident . do you have any loved one in rimas path ?
i don't . it is sad . i got married in florida .
we have been to disney and loved it but live in the midwest
i heard that taylor swift donated money to texas .
she sure has enough to do such a thing i've been out on a hike today
mu husband loves hiking !
i usually take my two dogs with me and they love it
my husband takes care of our girls . so , they hike together .
do you ever hike with them ?
i do . its part the reason i married him .
wow . . . that's cool . have you seen any good movies lately ?
i have been watching more tv than movies .
persona
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i'm bipolar.
i'm a mother of three.
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
persona II
my left knee is filled with metal.
my family means the world to me.
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i'm great ! today is wednesday which means it is bingo night !
awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .
how exciting ! family is everything to me . my husband loves bingo too so he will come .
that is so nice of him ! my husband won't go .
do you stay home with your kids all day ?
i don't , i am an er nurse . i work three days a week .
that's a commendable profession . i retired after knee surgery .
ouch , does it still bother you ?
only when it is cold out . practically the whole thing is metal now .
i bet that's uncomfortable , my son has pins in his ankle that bother him .
oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . children should never have to experience such pain .
it was his own fault , he was playing football on an ankle he knew was broken .
persona
i am allergic to lactose.
i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i like having fried fish for supper.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
persona II
i've a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i am studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patients saliva.
i work in a doctors office.
i only wear silver jewelry.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what would you do if you knew you were dying
quit my job at dr . mendel smiles and get another rose tattoo ! you ?
that's what i'm trying to figure out . only have six months to leave .
that's deep ! i'm sorry ! whats wrong ?
a rare genetic disorder i'm afraid .
a girl in my dental hygienist class mom is a shrink . maybe talk to one !
i'm okay with it . i think my dream of seeing justin seiber will comes true now .
i'm a deliber ! i love his silver chain ! i hate gold !
its my make a wish dream .
to meet b . you must be young ?
i'm 31 so young enough .
but old enough for a tattoo ! you should get one !
i have one already . its a rose
same ! the stem goes down my food and the thorns on my toes
no point in me getting a tattoo with what my doctor told me .
persona
i usually catch sunfish.
i cannot eat them but they're pretty.
i'm a simple man.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
persona II
i wanted to be a nurse.
i went to college.
i live in a small town.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i like to go shopping.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey buddy do you like fishing ?
hi there ! i am actually not that much of an outdoorsy person haha
i am , i love the creek and catching sunfish . so what do you like
may sound corny , but i like driving down the country side haha
not corny , that's actually sounds nice
and i like shopping super corny haha
i am a basic type of guy so not much shopping over here lol
haha i am a small town girl . . . living in a lonely world haha
i feel you , are you single
i am ! just graduated college and applying to nursing jobs haha
neat . . i am single too , my girlfriend is beer lol
haha beer is easily gods gift to mankind hah
yes , ice cold and pleasantly delicious
persona
my favorite movie is star wars.
i work at mcdonald s.
i have a pet iguana.
i like to play video games.
persona II
running is a hobby.
i work as a grill cook.
i am looking for a second job.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , how are you ?
hey , i am good how about yourself
good , just got off work .
oh cool where do you work ?
i work at a fast food place .
nice , i also work in the food industry to
do you enjoy movies ? i love star wars .
yes , i love horror movies
me too ! do you have any pets ? i've an iguana .
i've a chihuahua and a snake
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy video games .
i run a lot and a few sports
i'm not very good at sports .
oo well do you have any other hobbies
not really . i enjoy hanging out with my dog .
persona
i've woman calling me all the time.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i love wearing name band clothing.
persona II
my friends like watching it to.
we drink beer and eat food.
i like football.
we watch the games together.
it s great fun.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
yo , what is up my dude ?
not much drinking beer with the boys and grabbing a bite . . you ?
with the boys ? man i wish i could , but i am drowning in some good stuff
ahh i know the feeling cant wait for the next mma fight
who are you ? i will watch , but i am getting called by chicks all the time
my friends n me make petty bets when we watch it ladies not so much
i had a chance to play b ball pro
aww man i wish i could go pro highschool was football and wrestling
i declined it because i like the night time
yeah playing night flag football with friends is mad fun especially afterparty
i know right ? usually during the day i just sleep and wake up at night
i used to work overnights at the gym so daylight whats that ?
true that brother ! i'm like a vampire
persona
i ve never been on a date.
i believe in karma.
i adopted all my dogs.
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
i love to read.
persona II
i know how to pilot a plane.
my hobby is photography.
i am a lawyer.
i don't own a television.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you on this fine evening ?
i am doing wonderfully , i just came home from work .
what do you do for work ?
i'm a trial lawyer , i also do photography on the side .
interesting . like photography on animals ?
i photograph anything that crosses my path , lol
nice . i love pound puppies . in fact all of my dogs are pound puppies .
mine are rescues as well . how many do you have ?
i've 5 . i might have a problem .
that isn't that bad , lol . when you get 12 then you may have a problem .
haha . do you like to read ?
i do , i also like to fly my plane . do you know how to fly ?
i like reading alot . i am actually not a good flyer at all .
i took up flying when my tv went out , i didn't replace it .
how come you didn't replace it ?
persona
i enjoy eating italian food.
i'm east asian.
pizza is my favorite.
i try to watch what i eat.
my name is tom.
persona II
i like to go shopping.
i live in a small town.
i wanted to be a nurse.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i went to college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
i am good . and how are you ?
i am doing good . how do you feel ?
i feel good . just took a drive through the country side .
that is cool . i like to try and eat healthy . what about you ?
doing my best to do so . do you live in the city ?
i live in a city , yes . what do you do for activity ?
walk a lot . go to the gym , dance .
dancing is fun , i never liked to until just recently .
it is a great work out .
what kind of music to you dance to ?
up tempo pop usually . at home dance to my music .
whats your favorite song on repeat right now ?
persona
i would like to try sky diving.
i've a bad habit of being dishonest.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
i sometimes get into fights.
persona II
my mom was a hairdresser.
my favorite color is red.
i love to dance.
i work at a coffee shop.
i drive a prius.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you , how is day ?
good . just got home from dance class . how about you ?
i live my college , searching for good job
i work at the coffee shop down the street
fine , what is your hobbies ?
i like to dance . how about you ?
i like singing and sky diving
whats your favorite color ? mine is red .
my favorite color blue and pink
nice . that is a awesome combo .
what is your favorite dish
i like pasta a lot . how about you ?
i like meat and pizza
persona
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
i'm bald with a thick beard.
persona II
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
my family is from algeria.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i'm a barista.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you up to brah ?
practicing the piano and watching the cubs game hbu
getting some dumbbell reps in . i need to get big
nice i like to work out outdoors i hike all the time
how big are your muscles ?
my muscles are average size
like how many centimeters ? mine are big
i don't know my brain is huge
you wish your brain was huge . i've bigger muscles and am richer .
my father is a prince from algeria
i'm from a rich country where we have beards
yeah you have fake wives so you can be with other men congrats
wow you aren't very nice . how about you go and get some exercise
persona
this season , i'll become a playoff quarterback.
last season i was just getting started.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
i play quarterback.
persona II
i write fiction for fun.
i like to hike.
i have a golden retriever.
my mother is dead.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you enjoy watching football ?
yes i enjoy the food and all the screaming
i am a player , so i do not get to watch .
i like the pants you guys have to wear . do you have any pets ?
a pet eagle , just kidding that our mascot .
i like to walk a lot and climbs mountains
i work out a lot , i was a rookie last season . .
i love to write and draw . i like to create stories for fun
you sound much more artistic to me , my art is throwing the ball .
i didn't know about my talent till after my mother passed
i am sorry to hear that .
it opened up another part of my brain it is great therapy
i can imagine , what do you draw usually ?
creatures , aliens , puzzles , landscapes i never know i just start drawing its weird
do you show your art or is it personal ?
persona
i am an award winning th member.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i can speak four languages fluently.
persona II
i have a gun collection at home.
i drive a ford truck.
i'm a police officer.
i've been married 3 times.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
you want to play text trivia ? first category who am i ? okay ?
like guns ? i do i'm a officer
great ! i give free computer coding lessons to my sons troop .
i got a ford truck from my 3rd wife
lucky you . i fix pipes and speak english , spanish , german and turk .
i see you , well rounded cool
what do police do for fun ? who says you gonna learn today .
kevin hart lol ! nothing but collect guns
my daughter and i won the dance contest at the four h jamboree . you dance ?
lol you like comedies huh ?
yeah . can you name famous plummer ? theme song this is it . wanna guess ?
persona
i work as a computer programmer.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i've two pitt bulls.
i helped develop facebook.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
persona II
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
i work as a stand up comedian.
i come from a small town.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
good how are you doing ?
i am good do you work
i do work . i act and do comedy . you ?
i do computer programming all the time
okay that is cool like it ?
not really but it pays well
what would you rather do ?
probably something with charity yeah
so giving . ok . where are you from ?
i'm from the usa i made facebook
what ? the facebook guy . ok . tom ? is that the guy ?
no i was one of the coding people
that is cool . so do you watch series ?
yeah do you like pizza
persona
my favorite food is shrimp.
i love hanging out with my friends.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
persona II
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
i don't know how to swim.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
i own a chevy tahoe.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey sorry just finishing my shrimp
hello , how are you ? ! summary of me i cannot swim and i 3 steak probably related
hey i'm great ! ! ! i love to swim from around new orleans
my grandfather who fought against the nazis would be very disappointed i can't swim
oh man that is tough .
how great are you , 1 10 , 10 being absolute greatness ? also , favorite music genre ?
i think i'm a 10 ! love all types of music .
i love rock ; my favorite band is the doors . you ? and you are a 10 10 .
love the eagles ! do you go out alot with friends or stay home ?
love the eagles too bro ! i tend to go out with my chevy tahoe to the bars
nice ! i live at the casino . man on bad nights i spend some dough
damn , that must be nice ! shoot g , i do too , we all spend dough eh
you ever been to a palm reader ? moms one in n . o .
each to their own addictions or habits ; am i right ? we all need money .
right ! i need to find a money tree ! then i would be all set !
persona
i like to play video games.
i have 2 dogs.
i don t like broccoli.
i work as a police officer.
persona II
i've five cats.
i'm next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
madonna is my sister.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what do you like to do for fun
i like to cook ! you ? i do not like to brag but i've a famous sister .
i like cooking to but i hate broccoli
my sister is madonna , crazy right ? guess who is the next queen of england ?
who is it ? i hope she likes dogs like i do .
once the current queen dies , i am next ! moving in with my 5 cats !
i'm sire they will get along with my 2 dogs .
sure ! do you have a favorite color ? i think i'll have the palace painted blue .
i like dark blue because it matches my police uniform
are you married ? my husband has money , he's taco bells ceo , might divorce though
oh no . i am married to someone who likes playing video games like i do
i like police officers , perhaps you could divorce also , we could be together in the palace
you may need company in a large palace .
i'll need company , i do not wish to be alone
what would we do in such a large palace , queen ?
persona
i live in a large home.
i'm a doctor.
i work for a large hospital.
boating is my favorite activity.
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
persona II
i like to watch shows on netflix.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to move to las vegas.
i want to learn self defense.
i want to go back to school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what do you do for a living ?
i'm self employed but i would love to live in las vegas
have some friends there . i cannot boat there though .
netflix is my favorite channel
what ever floats your boat . i love boating .
i'm thinking about getting some more schooling
never can have too much schooling .
especially for self defence , i love boating too
of course . as a doctor i do not have time for a second job .
i am very close to my sister , do you have a sister
be nice to do something besides working in a big hospital my whole life .
that's great that you are a doctor ! ! ! !
yeah , i save peoples lives . no biggie .
it is amazing that you do help so many people
just want to finish my young life out doing something less responsible .
persona
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i wish i could speak another language.
persona II
food and water are essential to me in life.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
i have been in 2 car crashes in my life.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! how has your night been ?
good just working on homework trying to get a teaching degree
that's great ! i need to pursue a degree . my current lifestyle is getting dull .
what do you do for a living ?
i sit on my computer doing data entry all day . otherwise , watching foreign movies and tv .
sounds fun ! i like playing sports and being outdoors .
that sounds exciting ! do you travel ? i love learning about other cultures .
i used to , but i have been in a couple car crashes .
that's unfortunate . i'm sorry to hear that . do you speak any other languages ?
i don't . do you ? what are your hobbies ?
i wish i could ! sadly , i don't have other hobbies than computers , foreign films , and tv .
lol i enjoy crafting and painting .
that sounds fun ! what do you like to paint ?
i like painting pictures of animals .
do you like painting with oil paints ?
persona
i've lots of cash.
i have been bankrupt and back.
i am the president.
i used to own a casino.
persona II
i enjoy video games.
i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.
my mom lives with me.
my hair is very long.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! do you have a moment to listen to my story ?
yes am willing to listen to you
let me tell you , i've gone from bankrupt to rich in just a few short years .
that is amazing , how did you do it ?
i used to run a casino and got greedy .
what did you get greedy about and it has performed wonders
i wanted it all ! i became a minimalist and am now president .
you mean it is about saving a big part of your salary
it is indeed . live beneath your means .
i want it too but have somethings can not do with out
it is worth it to me . money is everything .
but it seems you live a lone and no family or relatives with you
that's true , i was a very selfish man for years .
so now did you change or you want to continue like that ?
i am ready to find someone now
persona
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
my parents are both dead.
i refuse to ride the bus.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i find joy in the littlest things.
persona II
i'm a night owl.
i love to sing.
i can play the piano.
i'm a dancer.
i'm a vegetarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you tonight ?
i'm very sad tonight i'm sorry
oh , why ? i try to find joy in small things when i am sad .
i am having problems with my family
oh , i am sorry . both my parents are dead .
mine are so mean . they do not care
what do you do for a living ?
i raise my 3 kids and sing
i love listening to music .
me too . and i stay up all night
i listen to it for hours a day .
oh , what food do you like
i eat about anything . you ?
oh noy , do you eat bugs
why would i eat bugs ? that's gross .
persona
i've 3 thumbs.
i think the moon landing was faked.
i like the color red.
i can type 140 words per minute.
i talk very fast.
persona II
my favorite tv show is friends.
i've a timeshare in mexico.
i own my own business.
my favorite food is sushi.
my brother lives in england.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing great . just had sushi for lunch .
i love sushi . it is so easy to eat with 3 thumbs
it is my absolute favorite food .
what are you good at ? some say i'm good at talking and can talk so fast
i'm great at packing for trips . i visit my brother in england .
i like england . at least they did not fake the moon landing
england is fantastic , have you been before ?
yes , my whole family lives there . we all love the color red !
why did you move away ?
i came here on a scholarship for typing . i'm able to type 140 words a minute
wow , i can not type that fast at all .
yep . 3 thumbs helps . as does talking fast . my mind is like a race track
persona
people in school said i was quiet.
i'ven t done anything since high school.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i was diagnosed with autism.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
i like long walks on the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
feeling a bit blue today actually , coincidentally that is my favorite color though ! you ?
why do you feel blue ?
my favorite show , game of thrones , won't be back on for awhile . so i am sad
yeah that is true until 2019
do you like music ? i'm a big fan of pop music .
i do , are you autistic ?
i'm not , why do you ask ?
because i'm autistic and stuf
oh alright ! well what do you like to do in your free time ?
i play arcade games very often
arcade games are fun ! ! i really like taking long walks on the beach though
nice do you live at the beach
persona
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
i didn't go to college because i run the family farm.
i like tailgate parties.
i have never been on an airplane.
persona II
i like to eat cheetos.
my wife doesn't like me anymore.
i like to ski.
i hate mexican food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i am from england . what about you ?
i am from hawaii but live in new york
that is great ! at least you have been on a plane . i've never .
have you every gone skiing ?
no . have you ? height and being water are some of my greatest phobias .
my wife and i used to . but she doesn't pay much attention to me anymore
i'm so sorry . my girlfriend eloped with my best friend a few months ago . sort of sucks
i'm sorry to hear . cheetos always makes me feel better . its my go to snack
hah ! cheetos ! where did you study btw ?
nyu . great restaurants around that area . good that they do not have mexican food .
great school ! i really didn't go to college . i run the family farm so . .
persona
i am a very social person.
i ve broken my arm twice.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
my parents were divorced.
i'm a widow.
persona II
i'm allergic to dust.
i only eat organic food.
i collect comic books.
i own two snakes.
i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi hi ! have we met before ?
i do not know , what is your name ?
i'm daisy . i'm so excited to talk to someone i'm not related to !
i collect autographs , what about you ? i'm ted
ted ! great name . i . . . collect broken arms , it seems ! recovering from another now .
i've over 200 . how many times have u done that ?
wow ! only twice . what is your favorite autograph you have gotten ?
i have charlie chaplain and i am most proud of that
one of my sisters once met him . she said it was a really memorable experience .
for real ? that's so amazing
what else do you do with your time , ted ?
i have two snakes that i love a lot . and you ?
just like being around people . i do not like being in my own head for too long .
i'm a loner myself , but i like it
my husband was that way . hed spend days in his workshop . i miss him , even so .
persona
and , my best friend is cayden.
i like to play soccer.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
i'm seven years old.
persona II
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i like to cook stews.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i love to eat cheese.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i love to play soccer and i'm only 7 years old .
its good that you play sports . i'm listening to frank sinatra . have you heard of him ?
yes , i am smart . but i just got a rejection letter from the gifted program .
don't give up you are still very young . do you watch spongebob ?
ooooh who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? ! me and my best friend cayden love it .
i love spongebob too and eating cheese
my mom will not let me eat cheese because it makes you constipated .
do you like to eat stew . i cook it all the time
stew is good but don't put any veggies in it because i hate veggies
veggies are good for you . you should try eat more of them . what do you eat ?
i eat junk . cookies and pizza .
i like cookies and pizza too . where do you live ?
missouri . it is plain and boring . you ?
i live in west virginia . there are a lot of things to do outside in the mountains
my mom took me there once . it was fun .
persona
i drive a bmw.
i'm in debt.
i have a lot of friends.
i love to shop.
persona II
i ve been to canada two times my entire life.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you like to shop ?
yeah , especially when i went to canada
shopping is my favorite thing to do .
cool . i like the thrill but its nothing like when i was on the news
why were you on the news ?
do not worry it was not for anything illegal
i totally wish i could be on t . v . one day . my friends would love it !
i was during the time my uncle worked on fish boats , he liked it too
do you work on fish boats too ?
yeah , we all did . it was my dads dream when he drove a taxi in the 70s
taxi ? i'm more of a bmw person .
bmws are cool . my friend has one
do you have a big group of friends ?
i like to think so . but i only have a few close ones .
i've a large group of friends . we are all pretty close .
persona
i know how to drive a stickshift.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
my father was a cop.
i am a truck driver.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
i see a therapist that does not really understand me.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
my parents are distant.
sometimes i wish i did not have to wake up in the morning.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i drove a manual stickshift jeep in the past , what car do you have ?
i don't drive . i usually take an user to see my therapist .
as a son of a cop , i also want to be a cop
maybe you can arrest my older brother . he stays in trouble .
user is so popular now , i drive trucks for a living , you want a ride ?
thanks for the offer . my therapist doesn't help so i may quit going .
we need to be discipline my mother taught me morals well , she's a teacher
my parents do not really have anything to do with me anymore .
i was a virginian with my family , now i live in ny
maybe if i lived in ny i would want to wake up in the mornings .
do you still love your parents ? what did they do ?
i love them , but they have just given all of their attention to my brother .
that happens , but being content with what love they had left for you is good ?
persona
i like to go for runs.
i live by myself.
i like country music.
i've a dog and two cats.
persona II
i cannot get enough ginger snaps.
i drive a prius.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . my name is majora . full of 2 cats and a dog who lives alone .
awe , how wonderful . well , if you need a ride , i welcome animals into my prius
love them prius . when i drive , i love to listen to country music .
i use the prius to pick up canadian chicks . they're hot ! ! !
i bet ! what do you do on your spare time ?
hike up dormant volcanos . i live life on the edge
dare devil huh . that's great . i just run on my free time .
i don't run , unless its for women . . . canadian . . . a .
lol . . . i see you are very into canadian .
yes , unless they're covered in roses . then i just piss myself , literally .
covered in a bed of roses playing bon jovi
with ginger snaps . yas , it turns me on so . ca not get enough . ugh
quite the romantic aren't you . thought about settling soon ?
persona
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
my father has a very prestigious job.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
i am a lover of italian food.
persona II
i used to be a nurse.
i like to paint outdoors.
i like to make bagels.
i like to arm wrestle.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i'm well . i just finished some painting outside
do you do that for work ?
i do it as a hobby . i was previously a nurse . do you work ?
i make models for games and such .
very cool ! the only game i really enjoy is arm wrestling . whats your favorite game ?
the real flashy ones because i do d models .
the most modeling i do is making bagels its like modeling with your hands !
haha bagels are so good !
yeah , i like to make them
very cool . i love italian food .
persona
i don t treat my girlfriend very well.
i love to sing.
i like to cook breakfast on sundays.
i m a lesbian.
i work in tv.
persona II
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i am a ballet dancer.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
i like movies based on comedies.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon . how are you ?
i am great , i dance at the ballet
that's awesome . i work in the tv industry
i really like burgers and fries
well it is sunday so it is my favorite day to cook breakfast .
i like dinner foods better
yea my girlfriend does as well , but i do not care what she thinks .
well that is how it goes huh ?
yea she's far too demanding at times , so i just do what i want .
a car killed the parents
oh wow that's sad . my parents won't talk to me since i'm lesbian .
i love lesbians that's awesome
well there are a lot of people that do not feel that way .
they can go do other things haha
the joy of singing is what brought me and my girlfriend together
persona
i'm an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
persona II
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i m single.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love to wear dkny to sing in the church
that is cool . i am an atheist .
before i sleep , i read the bible
i like reading . mostly ebooks though .
i work in school as a teacher and you
i work in it . i actually owe them 2 monitors .
ebooks are great , do you like classical music ?
i like more modern rock .
ok , i work in middle school , and once in a while i go to symphony orchestra
i like superhero shows like the flash and arrow . how about you ?
tell me a few modern rock songs , my 8th grade students loves modern rock
there is enter sandman , one more light , man in the box .
i love them to , my students always bring those comics to class
persona
my favorite color is hunter green.
i'd like to open a restaurant someday.
i love creating new recipes.
i'm a personal chef.
persona II
i love to watch ted talks.
i love animals.
i like to stay fit.
i don't much like tv.
i love to walk in the woods.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what is the color you love mine i hunter green
my favorite color is red . what is your favorite animal ? mine is the kangaroo .
mine is dog , recipes making is my hobby and you
my hobby is watching ted talks .
being a chef a personal one is what i like
do you like the woods ? i like to go for walks in them .
yes , i like to have a restaurant in the woods one day selling bbq
that sounds cool . do you like to watch tv ? i don't .
yes , watching movies on tv . sorry that you don't like it
do you like to exercise ? i do .
i exercise everyday how many days do you exercise ?
every day . i love it so much !
yeah , me too , keeps my blood sugar down !
persona
i am a famous video game character online.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
persona II
i have several children.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
my parents are still married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm a computer game persona online , did you know ?
no , i didn't know ! where do you live ?
moving to the outback is my destiny , yours ?
yes , somewhat , i like the country , i live in an rural area .
awesome , dieing before skydiving isn't an option for me
me either , i have children , and i think my lady parts would be in shock ! ahahah
i have an non paying job in an engineering firm shortly
i don't have a career , i want to be married , my parents still are .
cool , desert life is the only place to live
it is a little too hot there for me ! but sounds cool !
non paying jobs at engineering firms are awesome
persona
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i'm bored of my maids.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
my children are a dissapointment.
persona II
i was born 20 years ago.
i live in the usa.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i love pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i love cheesecake
hi i do not really eat sweets but my favorite food is pizza
i think pizza for dinner and cheesecake for dessert
i can't wait to turn 21 in a few months
my maids made me bored , i think i'll fire them
why would you fire them ? i'd just talk to them .
they don't listen , plus i'll just hire more later
what do you do for a living
i'm c . e . o at a small bank in chicago
oh wow that's awesome . i'm in college but get teased cause i'm transgender
do not get discouraged , there are dumb people in this world but just ignore them
thanks i just transitioned a few years ago not use to getting teased
my kids make me mad , just because we have money the want alot of things
that's how kids are now a days i think
yeah they are just spoiled
persona
i'm a mortician.
i collect stamps.
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
persona II
my family comes first to me.
i sometimes drive fast.
i prefer reading to sports.
i've survived near death experiences.
i am a gentle giant.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
i am dandy . how is your day going ?
i'm doing good after a long night at work
you work the night shift ?
yes , whenever someone dies , i am called into work .
what kind of work do you do ?
i work in a funeral home prepping the people that died for funeral .
sounds unsettling . i've a healthy respect for death
well , we cannot avoid death . it will come when it is time
i've flirted with crossing to the other side a few times
you have been lucky then . not many people have that luxury .
persona
i'm an orphan.
i like dogs.
i now live in new mexico.
i grew up in nevada.
persona II
i went to miami university.
i make a million dollars a year.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i m married and have three kids.
i am a baseball player.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how is the weather there ? it so hot here in new mexico .
it is pretty nice here in baltimore
i have never been there .
i'm only here since i play for the orioles . its not bad though
oh , that is exciting . do you like it ?
yes i would like anything that makes me millions a year
haha , good point . do you have pets ?
only if you consider 3 children to be animals they act like it sometimes
i've a daughter of my own , i get it ! i still love dogs though .
dogs are fun . my roommate had one when we went to miami
miami seems fun . i was raised in nevada , it was great .
i've been to nevada many times . cool state . what do you enjoy ?
my foster family showed me how fun it is to hike .
did you have a nice foster family ?
i did . losing my parents was hard .
persona
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
i m a really , really good guitar player.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
persona II
i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues.
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i love beef.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey do you like john grisham ?
the writer ? not really a reader . i'm into playing guitar and video games .
i really enjoy his movies , but his books . i play guitar too !
we have something in common ! i am big on beef , are you ?
my girlfriend says she is going to dump me for not eating meat
haha . i am also in a loving relationship . imagine that !
i also hate pants so she says that everyday . what do you do ?
i work for myself . i do all sorts of job on the internet from home .
my parents used to be senators but then they wanted to be good people
i don't live with my parents anymore . just my dog donald .
i do not live with them they left politics and downgraded so i had to move out
poor thing . just like my dog . he's having behavioral problems .
haha i am having behavioral problems ? you sound like my girlfriend
maybe she's prescient after all !
maybe . . . i just like to play guitar all day
persona
i'm hoping to play basketball overseas.
i recently had knee surgery.
i am hoping to play.
i'm 7 foot tall.
i just graduated college.
persona II
my name is arnold.
i also love orange juice.
i like to watch tv.
i love ham and cheese sandwiches.
i am 10 years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
man , i hope my knee heals fast , i miss playing basketball .
hi , i am ten years of age , so please be patient .
i thought all you young kids were faster than us college graduates on texting .
i'm arnold and i like to eat sandwiches .
hey arnold . what type of sandwiches ?
i'm not texting i'm typing , i love to watch tv and you ?
typing , texting , i thought you kids knew it all .
mostly ham and swiss cheese .
well make an extra one . i have a hard time walking since my surgery .
surgery , that sounds really bad , what happened to you ?
twisted my knee playing basketball , now i can not play overseas .
was it painful , that sounds really painful
have your mom bring me that sandwich later .
persona
green is my favorite color.
i'm an aspiring singer.
i love animals.
i enjoy playing tennis.
persona II
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
my landlord is raising my rent.
i'm an excellent baker.
i went to law school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
doing fine today how about yourself ?
i'm doing well and you ?
pretty good . what do you do for fun ?
i live to play tennis . sports ?
i do not really play them too much . i actually love to bake .
very nice is that your job ?
nope . i am actually a lawyer for a firm .
i see . do you like doing that ?
its pretty eventful . it pays the bills !
nice , whats your favorite color ace lawyer ?
man , do not really have a particular one . black i guess ?
green is definitely mine . so earthy .
persona
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i got married 10 years later.
i was a slave for 10 years.
i was the first born child.
persona II
i've a dog.
my hair is black.
i like rock climbing.
i'm gluten free.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i'm doing great and how are you ?
i am doing well . i just finished a woodworking project today
wow , how nice ! what are you making ?
i remodeled the kitchen cabinets . i'm a carpenter . what do you enjoy ?
kitchen cabinets , that is nice . i enjoy rock indoor rock climbing .
my younger brother enjoys that as well !
yes , it is a great exercise . what are you plans for later today ?
i think i might relax with my wife . we got married 10 years ago !
congratulations on marriage 10 years is a long time .
yes , but there are many more years to go ! are you married ?
persona
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
my family and i go camping every month.
i am a mother of two beautiful boys.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
persona II
i am a painter.
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
i want to be a museum curator.
i love coffee with cream.
i went to new york city once.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing quite well . you ?
fantastic . i just got back from a horseback ride with my kids
that sounds fun , how any children do you have ?
two gorgeous boys . do you have any children ?
no not yet . what do you do for work ?
i work at bass pro shops . how about you ?
cool ! i have a job as a painter
how wonderful ! what do you paint ?
anything that inspires me , i went to nyc once and got hooked
how exciting ! what was it like in nyc ?
it was pretty great , i went to a museum that i want to curate some day
wow , now that sounds like an adventure
it was pretty great . what music do you like ?
i personally prefer pop music
persona
my friends tell me that i am a neurotic hypochondriac.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
ocd rules my life , and i've a hard time relinquishing control.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
persona II
i love to draw.
i have 5 kids.
i'm great with babies.
i love to socialize.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day my friend . enjoying your day ?
oh yes i've been . my five kids made sure of that . how about you ?
5 kids ? i can relate somewhat with teaching 30 kids .
yes , five . always loved babies . so are you married ?
no . hard to find a date who can deal with my ocd tendencies .
i'm sure there is someone out there . someone you could share hobbies with ?
my fascination with figuring out which illness i've today can be a bit daunting
maybe you are overthinking these illnesses . maybe just let it out with creativity .
friends say i am a hypochondriac . it got to the point where i became vegan .
i think they might be right . you ever went to a therapist or doctor ?
nah . ocd makes it hard to see doctors .
i can understand the dilemma you have . just maybe give it more thoughts .
tell me about yourself . it helps ease my mind .
persona
my favorite color is yellow.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i am a wedding planner.
i love 80s music.
i am fascinated with ghosts.
persona II
i've never kissed a woman.
i love to gossip.
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
people notice how organized i am.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
good , thank you ! tell me a secret about your life .
i believe in ghosts , and i am fascinated by them .
i have not once kissed a woman . i win ! ll
oh yeah , well my childhood dream was to be an architect .
nice ! what career did you end up in ?
i plan weddings now , what do you do ?
nice ! i am in business . i surprised of where i am , really .
does music motivate you to work ? 80s era music is my favorite !
yes ! i love music . country is my favorite ! you ?
i love everything 80s music !
only 80s ? i've a few 80s bands i like !
not only , but its my favorite . did you ever tell me your favorite color ?
orange is my favorite color . i relate it to fall , my favorite season !
fall has orange , but also yellow , like my favorite color .
persona
i like ice cream.
i love rock music.
i am engaged.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
persona II
my favorite place to visit is seattle.
i live with my husband and two children.
i love to take road trips.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am mary . i am getting married . ha ha .
i am married and we have two kids . its nice .
that is cool . do you and your kids eat ice cream ? i love it .
we stop at ice cream shops for the kids on our road trips
what kind do you like ?
i like coffee flavored . that's why seattle is my favorite place to visit
i live in seattle . i am a cab driver .
that must be interesting . i am a meeting coordinator . boring
it pays the bills while i wait for my band to take off . if it does .
seattle is the place to launch a music career for sure
it is . though there are a lot of rock bands .
persona
my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.
my college courses are on philosophy and history.
my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
persona II
i have a personal trainer.
i've 3 small dogs.
i tutor kids in my spare time.
i used to be very religious.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i am samantha what is your name ?
hi . i am michelle . sorry it took a minute , my three dogs are yapping .
not a problem by the way do you know anything about computers my laptop battey isn't working
that's frustrating . not my expertise . i spend my time at the gym .
i don't have much time for the gym between my college courses
personal training is my job . school is a full time job as well .
yes it is but in my spare time i write short stories . do you like animals ?
ha . actually , my personal trainer encourages me , especially since i lost my faith .
oh ok that's might be good from a philosophical stand point .
i do like dogs . three of them are sitting on my lap right now .
yuck i am more of a cat person and i love tigers
tigers . exotic . tutoring kids is the closest i come to tiger taming .
what do you tutor kids in my history class is too hard this semester
mostly math and reading at the elementary level .
well i guess you'll not be able to help with college courses
persona
we have two kids.
i graduated with a nursing degree.
helping people makes me happy.
my favorite food is sushi.
persona II
i like to try different beers from various countries.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i like to work on cars.
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . how are you ?
really mellow . just drank the best beer from china ! who knew ?
that's awesome ! beer is great with sushi , my favorite food !
not my thing , but to each his own . i'm more of a classic kind of guy .
oh i see . my 2 kids also dislike sushi .
after a long day in the garage , a thick steak hits the spot .
that's so true ! that was my congratulatory dish when i graduated nursing school
i'm indebted to all the nurses who stitched me up in the emergency room .
it is a rewarding profession . just helping people is a joy of in itself
i like a nice game of darts in the pub after a long day of work .
playing pool is mine after a long day .
that is also be fine relax . or a night of poker .
that's true . have you just been to china ?
persona
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
we also have three dogs and two cats.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
my wife and i have 2 children.
persona II
i speak english and spanish fluently.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
i'm from germany.
i like listening to blues music.
my favorite artist was prince.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i'm john from texas how are you
i'm great i'm see from germany . how do you do ?
getting ready for some football i live near cowboys stadium so my 2 kids are excited
i bet i am just hanging out listening to blues music .
who is your favorite blues group
i do not really have a favorite they are all so good . love prince !
he was amazing it was sad when he passed away . do you have any pets
i do not how about you ?
i have 5 pets two cats and three dogs
wow that's quite a handful ! do you like to travel ?
no between work and the boys my wife and i are to busy to
persona
i love hockey.
i studied business as my major.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
i ve flown out of the country.
persona II
i despise sweet potatoes.
i am a weightlifter.
i love the all american rejects.
i have three great danes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i am irene , and i love the flyers .
hi irene , i am sally and i love dogs . what do you do for a living ?
i'm studying business in college as a major
that is great . i didn't get the chance to go to college .
yeah , i didn't want to go at first . my bf is visiting from chicago .
oh nice . how long have you been together ?
well we have been best friends for about  years . since we were kids .
oh okay . that is nice . i think my dogs are my best friends right now .
that's awesome ! ! have you flown out of the country ?
yes i have . i was in europe for a time with my weightlifting group . have you ?
that is awesome ! ! did you win ? i've flown in and out of the country
yes , we won some of the matches . do you like flying ?
i do and i have flown a few times in and out of the country .
i like to fly too .
that is good . i'm hoping for a great future in my life
persona
i was the first born child.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
my favorite color is red.
i was a slave for 10 years.
persona II
i am in college.
i play football.
i eat well.
i exercise.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
i am well , just getting ready to go to football practice . tell me about yourself
i do not have time for football . i'm a carpenter .
i attend college on a scholarship . what do you like to build ?
i build furniture . before that i was enslaved for ten years .
enslaved ? tell me more about that !
i escaped ! as the firstborn child , i consider it my duty to buy my siblings freedom .
wow , that's fascinating ! where were you enslaved ?
near the red sea . so now i work with wood , and i paint everything red .
you have had a interesting life !
enough about me ! what about you ?
all i do is eat healthy , workout in hopes i can go pro after college .
those are very good goals . good for you !
i hope you can make enough painting things red to buy your siblings freedom !
i hope so too . i paint everything red because i love red so much .
persona
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i commute by bus.
i have 3 science classes.
persona II
i have one son.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm 25 years old.
i was a wrestler in high school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am brit i am in college and starting my first class today
cool i wrestle for my high school
i also work part time at the college campus library
what college do you work at , how old are you
i am attending hesston college
what is your favorite color
i love the color pink . i commute to school by bus
in a pink bus ? my bus is blue
yeah you can say that there is a discoloration to it faded by the son
how old are you do you have any kids
i'm 23 and i take 3 classes
do you like blue cheese
yeah when it is with my buffalo wings on the side
i like the hot sauce , but hold the celery
i am not much of a hot sause fan
persona
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i love reading.
i grew up on a large farm.
persona II
i'm not married.
i love basketball.
i like to sing.
i like to hunt.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . nice to chat . i grew up on a farm . how about you ?
i'm new to new york . where do you live ?
i'm in pennsylvania . its pretty cold here in the winters . do you like ny ?
not really . i'm from the midwest and prefer it . i don't like the snow .
me neither since i have fibromyalgia . the cold really hurts my hands .
i have a mobility problem , so when it snows i do not go out , afraid of falling
what do you like to do ? i love to read especially when its cold outside .
i like to read as well . i have 3 grandsons and love being with them
wow . that sounds wonderful . what do you do with them ? ever do beadwork ?
i usually read to them or play games . i've not done beadwork . do you ?
i love it . if i had a granddaughter i could teach her .
don't think the grandsons would be interested in beadwork . . lol
no not at all . i make my own patterns with it . what else do you do ?
i enter sweepstakes for a hobby , i have won 2 cars ! !
wow ! that is exciting ! i do not think i have ever won a sweepstakes !
its alot fun , i have a daily ritual that i do
well it was nice chatting with you .
persona
i like going to rock concerts.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i grew up on a farm.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
persona II
i am only 5 foot tall.
my parents are in there 80 s.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i have a thick full beard.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i am great just dyed my hair sunset red
do you like music at all
yes . my 8 brothers and i love indie rock
you have a large family . how is that ?
well my parents are 80 so it is nice there are a lot of us
i bet . what do you do for fun ?
being 5 foot i am limited so mostly i read
i see . do you like farms ?
yes i do and have a very full beard i look like a farmer haha
lol . that is a great start .
do live on a farm
i grew up on one
persona
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i work full time.
i like to go hiking.
i like nature.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
not too bad it is gorgeous outside . yourself ?
good . it is really nice here too .
i love nature and the outdoors . one of my favorite things is hiking !
me too ! do you like movies ?
i do ! it is just hard to go to them . i work full time .
i understand . work can make it real hard . wish there was more time .
i do , too . what do you do in your spare time ?
mostly sew , but i also watch movies sometimes . you ?
mostly hiking . i love it when the sun is bright and the sky is blue .
me too ! do you like coffee ?
i'm drinking some right now !
lucky you ! i love coffee . i usually drink like 6 cups a day .
persona
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i've purple hair.
my dad is a college professor.
i am a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
persona II
i'm currently unemployed.
i still live with my parents.
my birthday is in june.
i have a cat.
summer is my favorite season.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you today ?
i'm good , how are you ?
good . just babysitting a couple of dogs . you ?
just chilling , looking online for a job
oh . tell me something about yourself .
i am a gemini , have a pet cat name scratches i love summer . you ?
my hair is light purple .
that is a cool color
when i was six my mother passed away from cancer .
aww sorry to hear that
are your parents still alive ? my dad lives near me .
yes . we all live together
oh that's cool . guess it is a full house .
yeah we have a lot of fun
do you like to read ?
persona
i am single.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
i am a cyclist.
my father used to be a cop.
persona II
i am lactose intolerant.
my favorite color is orange.
i've 3 roommates.
i've a parakeet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , love how are you doing ?
fine . need a break , my roommates hate my parakeet
hate your what lol ? and me too i've been waiting tables all night .
i've three of them . roommates that's . not parakeets a bird
oh wow and nights like this make me reconsider my career choices .
you must be tired . i'd be
yea should have just followed in my dads footsteps and became a cop .
yea maybe , hard to know
he is retired now , but tell me about you ? i would like to know you better .
i got even with my roommates by painting the living room orange fav color
haha i love it ! i'm just over here living the single , cyclist life .
persona
i sell paper products for a living.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i am under 6 feet tall.
i'm a great cook.
persona II
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my house is paid for.
i wear a uniform to work.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing ?
i'm doing well , thank you ! just got home from work . you ?
same , what do you do ? i sell paper products
in business . glad to get out of this uniform and into my pjs ! lol
that sounds comfy . i'd also make dinner , i'm really great at cooking
sounds like a passion of yours ! i do more drawing than cooking . haha !
nice ! i cook with everything but cheese . i hate the taste of it
what ? ! ? ! i love cheese ! what is your favorite thing to cook ?
fish ! and cheese doesn't go well with fish at all
agreed ! i like fish but i think i prefer cheesy dishes .
maybe if i ate more cheese i would grow taller ! i am under 6 feet
i drive a truck with 4 wheel drive . i can barley see over the wheel .
wow driving a truck sounds more fun than selling paper
i sold my drawings so i could afford it . nice side gig .
that is great ! maybe i could be a chef for a living instead . . .
persona
i like to water ski.
i am tall.
my favorite color is red.
my dad was a cop.
persona II
i'm married with 2 children.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i am a family man.
i like to bowl.
i'm a pediatrician.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
doing well thanks ! spending the day with my kids which is great . you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
glad to hear . any plans for this weekend ?
no not really maybe go hiking
hiking is always fun . i bring my wife and two kids to the mountains when i can .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a pediatrician . i've got my own practice taking care of kids .
what city are you from ?
i am in dallas , texas . not my home town but here we are now ! you ?
i used to live on corinth . do you know where that's ?
persona
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i like running in marathons.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
persona II
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
my family means the world to me.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
i have 3 dogs and a parrot.
my left knee is filled with metal.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
phew ! just back in from running a marathon ! i feel super accomplished !
congrats ! ! wow ! i have a metal plate in my left knee , i cannot even jog
oh . . . . i am so sorry . that sounds painful . . . .
yes but at least i have my family support . they mean the world to me
me too ! family is very important to me . . . especially since they are my only social circle
same ! beside my three dogs and my talking parrot , that is
what a cool idea for a pet ! i get so lonely but i've social anxiety
i do not do many social activities myself , beside bingo with my husband on wednesdays
is it cuz people make you nervous or you are just not that interested
cause i'm not interested . i've been happy listening to jazz alone since i was a girl .
wow . . . i have a similar back story myself
persona
i wish i could play the stock market well.
i love new technology.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i really enjoy reading the news.
i like to create websites.
persona II
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i don t own a television.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i can t stand pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , can you teach me the stock market ?
of course i like money anyway how are you today
i'm fantastic , easy money sounds great
what sounds great is this tv show that is on
i'm a maker of websites
so tired of pizza i just want bbq why it hard to draw for people
i know , why is there not technology for that
smart phone nice to draw with
do you know what else is nice to draw with ?
my gal just left me and i stressing just want tv
what is your favorite tv show ?
music i like and wish you could be sleeping well
i am sure they have pills for that
? okay like cause i from new york well sleep well
what is your favorite fruit ?
persona
i own a hearse.
i work in a craft store.
i love to crochet.
i like alternative rock.
persona II
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
i've borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you this afternoon ?
hello , how are you ? i'm good , thanks .
i am good , whats your favorite thing to shop for ?
music festival tickets for sure . you ?
experience rather than tangibles , i see . i would say shoes .
oh yes . cannot take things with you .
however tangibles are cool to collect .
for a bit , yes . then the cool factor wears off quick .
everything goes out of style .
yea sure does . but memories live as long as you do .
then your pass on your stuff to whoever is still alive .
and they think it is old and throw it away .
well at least at my funeral people could be like , yeah we did that .
yeah like she was rad she did all that !
definitely . how old are you btw ?
persona
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i m a breath of fresh air.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
persona II
i m going to school to get my bachelor s degree.
my father was also in the military.
i eat a lot of meat.
i m a veteran.
i love my girlfriend.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
it is so beautiful out ! i love fall .
me too , but where i live it is always hot
i live in ca . it is perfect here . we do not get seasons much though .
i'm studying for a test right now , i'm almost done with school
i am in college as well , i work as a lifeguard so our busy season is ending .
i am getting my bachelors degree , after this all i want is to party
all that matters is happiness . as long as you are happy , party !
i want to party and spend all my time with my girlfriend
ah , young love . that sounds great .
then i need to get a good job
you could be a lifeguard and drive a yellow convertible like me .
i am not young i am war veteran , but i am just finishing school .
lifeguard probably isn't the best option then . you must be young at heart .
that sounds fun , being on the beach all day , catching the sun .
yes ! it is great . it rarely rains here but when it does i put the top down .
persona
i'm vegan.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i have red hair.
i live close to the coast.
i work at a retail store.
persona II
i love dogs.
i love to cook.
my dad was a carsalesman.
i like to fish.
i am a happy person.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! what are you doing this evening ?
hello ! i just got home from walking our dogs . i love them .
if you ever need a good pair of shoes , let me know
wow , how considerate ! thank you ! that makes me feel so happy .
no problem . it is what i do for a living !
you are a shoe salesman ? neat ! my dad used to do that with cars . haha .
that's funny . used or new ? lol
both ! but he's a fisherman now , oddly enough . now i enjoy fishing just like him .
i love the ocean . don't need shoes strolling the shore !
nice ! you should go fishing , too . i still prefer cooking them to catching them , however .
i have never tried . worms kind of gross me out !
tell me about it . sometimes we use crickets ! i like using sliced hotdogs as bait .
i do not eat meat but it might be fun to try and catch a fish .
persona
my father is a mechanic.
i work at walmart as a stocker.
i am leaving for college in three months.
i'm vegan.
persona II
i have a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i collect little figurines.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
good just got done searching an antique shop . you ?
not much looking at my college website i go there soon
which school are you going to ?
a u of m i'm currently working over at the local walmart
seems like a good job . can sort of do your own thing .
true what do you have planned tonight ?
just staying in and writing .
i have to help dad in the shop later he's a mechanic
that is kind of you to do . like it ?
its alright mom is making veggie burgers tonight
are you a vegetarian ? i am .
yes i'm i don't like meat
the taste of it or the idea ?
both i really like animals i'm an activist
persona
my husband works at a telecom.
i m a people person.
but i m a frustrated driver.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
persona II
my father was a famous actor.
i don t like kids.
i have 3 ex wives.
i don t like acting.
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? it is cold here
hi ! it just started getting cold here today , you ?
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
usually makes me want to curl up and watch movies all day
not me i want to go hiking or mountain climbing
do you road trip places ? i've a few ferraris and love going on long drives
i love to travel but hate driving , traffic annoys me , especially in the city
oh of course , traffic get bad where you are ?
yes . husband work for telecom in new jersey and traffic is horrible
yikes , i could imagine . you are married ? i have three ex wives unfortunately
yes , just the one . been married since right after high school .
that is super sweet , high school sweetheart kind of thing
yes . 20 years and still very happy
do you have any pets ? i love cats personally
i also love cats ! i've 3 , all rescues
persona
i love comics.
i love the walking dead.
i eat junk food.
i don't have a job.
i am a couch potato.
persona II
i like to drink tea.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to draw other people.
i love people with a sense of humor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing ? i am just watching tv , eating pizza !
watching netflix . i hate pizza but i do love hard boiled eggs a lot
well , have you heard of the walking dead ? i love that , and eating chocolate !
i prefer comedies though . i like people who have a sense of humor
also , i feel like jobs are a waste ! do you have one ?
of course ! i am an artist . i like to draw portraits of other people
i do like comedies myself , especially adam sandler !
he is my favorite too ! are we alike ?
well , i'm not sure !
so i love drinking tea . are you a tea or coffee person ?
neither . i like milk , coke , water , hot chocolate , things like that !
oh ! well i like hot chocolate too !
yes , but i like mine thick
i see . you like it black or milky ?
i like it black , i think it tastes better that way
persona
i love to cut down trees.
i'm a lumberjack.
i cut down trees very fast , because i have a large ax.
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i love to fish.
persona II
i have two dogs.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i travel every year to disney world.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning ! how is your morning going ?
i own 2 wonderful dogs !
that's nice . i am ready to go cut down a lot of trees today .
chop chop , i am a secretary at the insurance agency i work at
i'm basically a paul bunion . being a big lumberjack .
my brothers and i are close , both of them ;
that is nice . my brother and i love fishing .
every year i journey to disneyland
every morning i eat 12 pancakes with syrup .
i eat 13 , i've a duo of pooches !
you beat me on pancake eating . nobody has ever done that .
each year i go to disney world
must be nice . i never been there .
i have a job as a secretary for and insurance agency
i've a huge ax to cut trees down with .
persona
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to dance salsa.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i am an engineer.
persona II
i'm a family man.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i'm a pediatrician.
i am married with 2 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
i'm good . spending time with my family .
family time is important . what do you do for a living
pediatrician . do you have any kids ?
no i don't have time with work i am a biochemical engineer
oh . i have two . one boy and one girl .
that is cool are they real young
they're 2 and 4 . i want another on .
those are cute ages . i bet yall make a lot of pizza together
we eat a lot of it !
i love pizza it is my favorite . what do you do for fun
i like to fish and swim .
i am traveling now i quit work for a break . but i salsa dance when i am home
oh , that sounds pretty fun .
yeah it is really fun .
persona
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
my favorite mlb player is bartolo colon.
i have never had candy in my life.
i'm a professional skittles player.
i'm known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
persona II
i love to sleep in.
i work in a lab.
i have two brothers.
i believe in love at first sight.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what is your favorite candy ?
chocolate anything the sugar keeps up to work in the lab , you ?
are you a scientist ? i never had candy before .
yes i stay up late so i sleep til 11 or  . no candy ?
watching naruto and the indians are my hobbies . no candy .
oh , my two male siblings like to watch anime .
cool . do you watch baseball ?
no i love romance . i believe in falling in love seeing someone for the first time .
ahhh . bartolo colon is my favorite player .
no idea who that's , maybe my siblings do .
maybe . do you watch professional skittles ?
i like to eat skittles but never watched them .
i'm a pro in the skittles universe .
what does that even entail doing ?
they call me the iron skittles .
persona
i'm 26 years old.
i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i already have 3 children.
i found out that i am carrying twins.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
persona II
i am a very tall woman.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i love to draw.
i have very curly hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i cannot believe i am sick so much from my pregnancy !
oh dear ! after the baby arrives i would be happy to draw you both if you'd like
oh , you are an artist ! you can draw my 3 kids and the twins on the way !
loops ! i was trying to straighten my uber curly hair and let the babaganoush overcook !
ha ha ! i love middle eastern food ! i cannot eat any now because morning sickness !
that's rough you know , i am only 6 1 but with these curls i look 6 3 lol !
i am on bed rest , so no curly hair for me , must look great on you !
actually , i look like marge simpson . how long till twins arrive ?
ha ha ! i think 4 5 months !
oh , you poor girl ! i bet you are ready to be done
oh yeah , and i am only 26 !
the kids will have lots of fun with you when they are older .
oh , they will , once i m well it will be fun !
persona
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i am colorblind.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
persona II
i just took a trip to london.
i love to watch game shows.
i m easily agitated.
i m very religious.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
hello there . god bless you .
bless you too did you sneeze ?
i am just the religious type . don't get me agitated .
but how are you today ?
i'm tired after just getting back from the trip to london .
what did you do there
i visited the pope , what else would i do ?
probably eat a pizza or something
i'd eat pizza while watching the game shows i love .
what is the best one
please don't get me agitated , it will happen really easily !
wow and why is that then
god will take of that . what do you like to do ?
i can not see any colors
persona
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
i work with my wife.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i am a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
persona II
i am highly educated.
i work at a newspaper.
i am a carnivore.
my father used to be a butcher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you ? it is breast cancer awareness month , my wife is a survivor
that is awesome glad to hear i'm a doctor
how are you ? i professionally train animals .
well i ove animals but i love meat !
lol me too , i have trained like 20 different ones
that is cool my father actually owns his own butcher shop
i work in the zoo obviously , my baby girl just graduated top of her class .
that is cool , i just finished my doctor education but work part time for local newspaper
i also work with my fighter she loves animals also .
what do you mean fighter ?
she's from breast cancer
awww that is cute , i'm glad she's okay i hate cancer !
i do to my mom died from it at 29 .
my grandmother just died from lung cancer , sucks
it really does but i truly believe it is in the food .
persona
i am an ovo vegetarian.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i cannot cook.
persona II
my mom is my best friend.
i believe that mermaids are real.
i love iced tea.
i've four sisters.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am great . drinking some iced tea , which i love .
that sounds great . i cannot even make iced tea , i'm such a lowly cook .
that's too bad . it just takes practice . my mom taught me to cok .
that is awesome . i am ovo vegetarian , so its hard to find restaurants .
i'll bet ! my youngest sister i've four is a vegetarian .
neat . what do you do on your days off ? i like to sleep in .
believe it or not , i study mermaids .
that is fascinating . tell me all about them .
mermaids are real . most people do not know that .
i'd have thought they were not real , but you have convinced me !
yeah , the evidence is overwhelming when you really look .
that makes sense to my mind . i wonder how long they have been here .
persona
my hair is very long.
i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.
my mom lives with me.
i hate cooking.
i enjoy video games.
persona II
i'm adopted.
i work at an accounting firm.
i ride horses in my spare time.
i don't believe in love.
i am an only child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
pretty good . got to ride my horse for a few hours which is what i love . you ?
playing video games most of the time
i've to work to pay for them at an accounting firm but i love games !
what is your favorite one ?
probably super mario for the ones . played it all the time as an only child
hm . . i liked those games lot than todays grafts
yeah its gotten pretty crazy with those graphics . whats your favorite ?
duck hunt was a classic
ah yes , the light gun . i played with that thing for hours on end . sometimes unplugged
right . . i miss those days . .
yes they were . do you have a family ? i am adopted but love my parents
wonderful . . i've a family
cool ! a large one ? family reunions can scare the heck out of me .
some times yes . . but i kind of like them . .
persona
i've three kids.
i love hot wings.
i sing in the church choir.
i m a truck driver in the south.
i grew up in the trailer park.
persona II
i only have three best friends.
i am a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i like swimming.
i am a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you ? do you have kids ?
no . i am just fourteen myself .
my youngest kid is 14 . do you have hobbies ?
swimming and playing video games and believe it or not , sports cars
what is your favorite food ?
pizza all day long . what do you like to eat ?
hot wings . so good . do you like to sing ?
i'm not good . grandpa and mom say for me to be quiet .
my church has a choir . i sing soprano . you should sing in church .
my friends carol , mia and stephanie do that . i am not a good singer though .
my kids say i am not that good . but i am on the road often .
what is your job ? i bet you sing in the car too .
i drive a truck .
stick shift ? you are good ! my grandmother drives a stick .
no . i am a commercial truck driver .
persona
i am a widow.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i like taking pictures.
i want to be a famous photographer.
persona II
i'm a strong woman.
i travel a lot.
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i like doing art projects.
i'm married.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon . how are you ?
i am doing good ! feeling extra strong today
i've been looking through my photos missing my late husband .
i am so sorry . i couldn't imagine losing my husband
do you travel ? most of my pictures come from that .
i love to travel and do a lot with family and friends . best way to spend time
i agree . i've aspirations to take my photography professionally .
you should . i love art projects , including photography
definitely . i'm so tired though .
i'm tired too . my husband and i were up late last night
same . trying to make that money . i didn't go to sleep until 2 .
i am sorry . what do you like to do ?
editing photos takes a lot of work .
persona
i work as a vet.
i've 3 dogs and 2 cats.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i like to ride my bike.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i love dogs , especially labradors.
i am traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i was born in san francisco.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am around pets all day . do you have any pets ?
yes i do i have 3 dogs .
that's cool i've 3 dogs too and 2 crazy cats .
what kind of dogs do you have .
i am also a vet so i work around other pets every day .
oh that s great . i love animals .
i've 3 dobermans at home and about 100 at work .
where are you from ? i live in california .
i wish i lived there but i am in florida . the other sunshine state .
nice , i always wanted to visit there .
i always wanted to visit there . ok its done , we can trade houses for 1 month .
were you affected by the hurricanes ? !
just a lot of rain and wind . no real damage in my area .
that s good , there are so many fires happening here .
i was not able to ride my bike for 2 weeks from all the flooding .
persona
i love kids and dogs.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
i love to chat with my friends.
persona II
i am the oldest of 5 children.
i m a disappointment to my family.
i love to climb.
i ve never been to the beach.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my dogs and my kids are my life . you married ?
no . i also don't get on well with my family .
i see . i used to be a chef . now i shop . you sing ?
no . i spend more time climbing . it is a good workout .
great ! i talk with friend all the time . you have any friends ?
i've a few . they support me a lot .
that's good ! my daughter takes me shopping . children ?
no . i wish i did have one or two .
oh okay . i love eating food and working out . any pets ?
i've a dog named bella and a cat named sookie .
get out ! so do i ! you dance ?
you have a cat and dog too . is that what you mean ?
yes ! john and wayne . you play an instrument ?
persona
i exercise everyday.
i'm a social butterfly.
i eat large meals.
i am in college.
i like to swim.
persona II
i'm thirty years old.
we have two pets as well.
i have two children.
i'm currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! so good to hear from you ! how are you ? having fun ?
i got 2 pets and children
oh , wonderful ! i'd love to get together with you and all our friends !
oh that's so nice of you
be prepared for lots of food . i like large meals !
i'm always home so i can do that
oh , we can meet at your house ? there'sn't much room in my dorm .
inam always at the natures and with my kids
i love nature . i swim in the lake and in the ocean whenever i can .
while my hubby is working we do that
i try to get a workout in everyday . i eat so much bacon , you see .
wow , that would really require a work out
i eat large amounts of bacon .
is that your diet taht you follow
oh no . i just find a lot of friends this way . i love friends !
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i like skateboarding.
i'm a female.
i'm in high school.
i have blonde hair.
persona II
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i play the piano.
i am going bald.
i hate flowers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love pizza could eat it daily
yum pizza , how about some piano music with that ?
i like to skate my blonde hair looks so good in the wind
i don't like the wind . . reminds me how i'm bald .
ll nah i am in high school not into it .
i am a hipster and modify my clothes as i wish
cool , the boys love to see me kick push coast lol
speaking of the boys i met up with jimmy fallon at the park
really ? ! when ? org i'd die
i almost did die lol , i am allergic to flowers and there were tons at the park
awe that sucks ! i really like the smell of flowers
really ? i wish thinking about making some floral clothing
i hope you feel better this is that season
thank you , that is really nice of you to say
cool , what color print for the material ?
persona
i love animals.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i just turned 77.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
persona II
my favorite movie is titanic.
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i work part time at aldis.
i am from sterling heights , michigan.
my husband owns a small auto repair shop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
have you ever seen the great british bake off ?
yes , its a lot of fun . we watch it sometimes .
i think my daughter and grandson would like it , but they do not make it over much .
too bad , my kids are too young to get it .
oh but they're cute at that age . i turned 77 so i am hoping for great grandkids soon
yes , 2 and 6 , they're adorable , but lots of work !
do you have any pets ? animals are great , but pets might be a lot for young kids .
not yet , the kids are enough for now ! i've a part time job too .
wow , that's so much . do you do anything else with your day ?
pack my husbands lunch every day for him to take to his mechanics shop .
that's very sweet . we must catch up on british tv again soon .
persona
both of my parents are teachers.
i've an eyebrown piercing.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i work at a coffee shop.
persona II
i play football.
my position is linebacker.
i am an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you tonight ?
tired ! i've been playing a game tonight and i'm wore out .
what kind of game were you playing ?
football , for the baltimore ravens . i've been an athlete all my life
wow ! a professional athlete ! i hope to be famous , too . for music though .
i play linebacker for my position ! i'm a big guy
i'd never make it on the football field . i'd be trampled .
i tackled 128 people total last year , believe it or not
i made 128 coffees last week , believe it or not ;
i probably drank 128 coffees last week , maybe some of yours
did you go to the coffee shop where the grunge bands play ? that's it !
i think so ! they serve really good orange mocha coffee there
my sis made that drink up ! she plays in the grunge band with me .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i work five days a week.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
persona II
i am lazy and pork tastes good.
i like meat too much.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i do the shopping in my house.
i want to be a vegetarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing ?
i am pretty good . just trying to figure out what to have for dinner
interesting . what is your favorite food ?
i loooove pork but i really need to stop eating it .
i understand that . that is what i always crave after a long night in the pool .
ahh . . yes that would be perfect . veggies are just so good for you though
i avoid veggies . yoga is what keeps me healthy during a long work week lol
yoga is tough ! i really wanna become a vegetarian
it is ! it helps keep your mind sharp and helps reach your goals
the thing is i am really lazy ! !
that is a shame . shopping time ! good luck !
i need to go shopping too . i am the only one who does it around here
its so fun ! i really need to slow down though
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
i wait tables.
i've a little girl.
i m taking online classes.
my hair is long and brown.
persona II
i own a mansion that i do not live in.
i am an international business man.
i never met my parents.
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
good thanks what are you up to today ?
i'm waiting tables at a restaurant .
oh perhaps i know the owner which restaurant is it ?
it is steak n shake .
ah nice i know the owner , bill .
i've met bill once . he seems like a nice guy .
very talented guy he and i both own mansions that we do not live in !
is there anyone living in them ?
no , not at the moment . business takes up a lot of my time
what business are you in ?
tech mainly an international discipline so name it , and i am in it .
i've a couple classes online , so i am on the computer for that .
where are you for school ?
i am at university of michigan .
persona
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i smoke a pipe.
i ve been married five times.
persona II
i love to drive my car.
i like watching ufc fights.
i work in a factory.
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are oyu
hey , i am doing good , how about you ?
i'm good , just sat here smoking my pipe
how is that going ? i'm sure doing that and watching ufc fights is fun .
sure . . i especially enjoy smoking whilst eating eggplant . my favorite things
ok , that is interesting . what do you smoke ?
just the regular . none of my wives have liked it , probably why i am on my 5th wife
well maybe your suppose to be single .
maybe . single was the word i won the spelling bee for in third grade so . .
i'm sure it was . i enjoy driving my car .
what car do you have ?
its like a 92 honda civic . but it gets me places .
sounds like a good play to smoke my pipe
persona
i am a business man.
i am a karate black belt.
i love to sing.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i've 3 children.
persona II
i've a vacation home in the mountains.
i drive an suv.
i have a law degree.
i've 3 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am at work right now , but i've some free time to chat .
i am home today on my day off
what do you like to do for fun ?
i work in a law office since i got a law degree in school
that sounds stressful . do you have any hobbies that you like to do to relax ?
i like to go to my cabin in the mountains to relax
sounds nice . i like to sing . i've been singing bass in our church choir .
do u have any children i've 3 girls
i've three kids . one boy , 21 , and two girls , 18 and 15 .
what do u drive i've a suv from ford the explorer
i drive an old toyota corolla . it is really old but still works perfectly .
i like old cars better new cars are to expensive
yes , i keep the car because money has been tight with all the hospital visits .
there is never enough money in the world
i would think you'd do pretty well as a lawyer .
persona
my name is omar.
i'm the youngest of three brothers.
i've never been to the city.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i play guitar in the local band.
persona II
i plan to retire in 6 months.
i have the support of my whole family.
i have studied ballet all my life.
my mother is a ballerina.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ? its a nice day today .
i'm good thanks for asking
omar is my name . what is yours ?
my name is marie anne
i own a farm in ohio .
so you must love animals ?
i do . i've sheep , goats and some horses .
what city are you from ?
the closest city to me is miles away . i've never been to a big city .
that must be very peaceful
it is . i love it . are you from a big city ?
persona
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i drive a moped.
i sing in the shower.
persona II
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i am a mother of two.
i m currently looking for employment.
i'm colour blind.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
good . kids kept me up and just reading the news paper .
i'm sorry that sucks how many kids you have
way to many and thanks hard out here . reading classifieds .
yeah my son just woke me and my husband up
when my husband left it made me want to go to school learn more
what are u going to school for
learn new languages and money hard to come now a days
yes money is you have to have a degree to get a good job
kids just waking up . first of the month always helps .
i bet you it does
como esta how are you
i am good and u
persona
i write in my spare time.
i work at a hotel overnight.
i enjoy video games.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
kpop is my favorite music.
persona II
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues.
i love beef.
i'm in a very intimate and loving relationship.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey . how are you doing this evening
i am doing great . how about you ?
just hanging out talking to people . might switch on my ps4 and play call of duty
i love video games . and playing my guitar
what kind of music do you like to play ?
i do a lot of acoustic covers
cool . i like third eye blind but my real love is kpop . ever heard any ?
i've , they have huge boy bands
yes ! i like super junior and big bang . so colorful and trendy .
can you remember all of thier names ?
i'd list some but i know that spell check would prevent me from getting into it .
that is wild , you have any animals ?
i like hanging out with my dog . he is a bichon frise . just fed him a pork chop . you ?
my dog just will not behave
well . some people might disagree but kick his ass ! show him who is alpha .
persona
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i have a poodle named nanette.
i live in new york city.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
persona II
my skin is olive colored.
i wear glasses that are cateyes.
my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
my eyes are green.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you ? my name is jay
i'm doing good . i just went shopping
nice i live in new york city , so i know all about shopping
i went shopping online and got a purse
my favorite are suits and ties since i work on wall street
i melt when i see a man in a suit
omg lol umm i melt when i listen to smooth jazz its my favorite
what color are your eyes ? mine are green
my yes are brown , just like my poodles . her name is nanette
i love animals . they are the best
you know where i live where do you live
i live in hawaii . it is gorgeous ! !
i have never been to hawaii , but i'd love to go
the food is amazing ! i love the pineapple juice
i love pineapples also , especially on ham
persona
i was born in baton rouge.
i have male pattern baldness.
i'm a classily trained chef.
i've a parrot named parrot.
my mother doesn't ! ove me.
persona II
i like to play soccer , draw and read asteria.
i am in 3rd grade.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i do not have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how are you doing today
hi ! i am good . what do you like to do ?
i love to cook ! i'm classically trained . any you
i'd play soccer all day if i could . and maybe draw , too .
that's cool . i've a parrot . i named him parrot . he talks alot
haha , that's funny . parrot the parrot . what does he say ?
he constantly tells me that my mom doesn't love me . i've no idea why
that is mean ! who taught him to say that ?
ll i've no idea . probably my mom !
haha ! do you have brothers or sisters ?
nope born alone in baton rouge . yourself ?
i have a baby brother . he always takes my stuff .
www babies are cute . we have something in common . baldness
persona
i am a meat eater.
i like football on tv.
i like to go hunting.
i love country music.
i drive a big truck.
persona II
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i have a strange obsession with pens.
i wish i made more money.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , assuming its morning where you are .
its actually evening here , but good morning to you
thank you . have any interesting plans for this evening ?
well i've an odd obsession with pens , i just really enjoy writing books
interesting ! are you hoping to have something published ?
not really i just enjoy it while relaxing , i write for extended periods of time
sounds like you value your solitude .
i do , but i also would not mind making some extra money being able to sell them
writers can do both be alone and make some money . hope it works out !
me too ! do you have any hobbies ?
well , i like to grill big steaks with some good country music in the background
on the barbecue ? yum , i absolutely love barbecued meats
i had leftover steak for breakfast !
persona
we have two pets as well.
i have two children.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
persona II
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i am good , i got to see my brother . haven't seen him in so long !
that is sweet . why so long ?
he is in a metal and is always touring . kinda cool for him
what do you do for work ?
i am still in college , i am graduating this sept . hopefully i will be a teacher
that is a very admirable trade
thanks ! i came to america when i was 5 and want to give back
do you have any pets ?
i have got a dog and cat . how about you ?
i have two pets as well they are great
persona
i swim often.
i run track.
i take medication.
i wear glasses all day.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you tonight
good , i'm finishing my favorite tv series .
i do not watch tv much i swim
nice , i'm watching game of thrones , you should try it .
i take meds that won't allow it
oh , i'm sorry . what kind of music do you like ? i like pop .
i like all music and running do you
i like to make a nice home cooked dinner after i go running .
that sounds good i'd like to see but have to wear my glasses to do so
ah , my glasses are blue , my favorite color .
i like to swim when i can take them off
yeah i understand . swimming with glasses is not easy .
no i need special goggles
oh ok . i knew someone with those once .
yeah they work good but still i'd rather not use them
persona
many people want to be my friend.
i love to exercise.
i have a nice smile.
i like makeup.
persona II
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
i have a dog named percy.
i like thomas the tank engine.
my cat died.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey good morning want to workout ?
no thanks i did that already today ! lol
people tell me they love when i smile
that is so nice ! i've not smiled since my cat passed .
oh i like to all the time but everyone wants me everywhere
nice ! my dog percy keeps me company since i lost my cat
aw sorry to hear when did it pass ?
about a week ago . poppa cheers me up letting me play with his train set .
that's cool i would be your friend but i've a long line of others
i understand . do you have a favorite train ? my is thomas .
i do not i love doing makeup like that ?
i do ! i love the new eye shadow i just bought .
let me do your makeup omg !
i would love that ! i need help with contouring .
no problem do you have youtube ?
persona
i like to travel.
my favorite music genre is classical.
i give lessons on string instruments.
i play many instruments.
persona II
i enjoy nature.
my mother was a teacher.
i teach a yoga class.
i'm single.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
i am doing well thank you . just finished teaching my yoga class . you ?
i thought about trying yoga to help with flexibility .
its great for that . but my mother wants me to be a teacher like she was .
oh did your mom teach yoga as well ?
she actually was a high school teacher . very strict while i was growing up
oh really ? my mom was never strict but i typically am .
i understand her ways , but that's why i'm single ! ll
well its never too late . hey do you listen to classic music ?
always . even during yoga out in nature
oh me too i love it . i even give violin lessons .
oh wow ! the sound is really soothing to listen to . i played the flute .
oh really i like the flute a lot to . have you ever played the piccolo ?
yes ! it was included in my case along with the flute so i tried it a little .
you know what i also like is the cello too
persona
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
persona II
my father is a doctor.
i drive a restored mustang.
i like action movies.
i m a college student.
i play football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you tonight ?
tired but clean i just got out of the shower
i need a bath , but with six kids , i'm the last to get one .
i just got done restoring a car which got me dirty
what kind of car ? i've always wanted a 65 mustang .
it is called the 1964 1 2 mustang
yes , they also have a 65 66 that most people cannot tell apart .
i was watching an action movie and saw the 64 . 5 and fell in love
i am in love with elanor from gone in 60 seconds . my boys love cars . . .
elanor was a beautiful car . my dad almost owned one like her
my daddy owned the doms charger from fast furious . i loved that car .
that was much to glitzy for my taste but that was a good movie
again , my boys , lol . i only have one girl , she's why i need apple martinis .
persona
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
persona II
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
i am afraid of spiders.
i am a pilot.
both of my parents are in the military.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how is your day going ?
very well . how are you ?
not bad just got done teaching my last class for the day
so you are a teacher ? that is cool .
yes and i coach volley ball what do you do for work ?
i get to pilot planes .
that's cool do you have hobbies ? i do crosswords and crochet
yes , i sew , cross stitch and sometimes crochet .
we have that in common do you like apples ? i'm allergic
i'm sorry ! i do like apples but i cannot eat them .
i'm not suppose to but i still do . do you like karaoke ? i sing alot
yes ! i love to sing . what genre do you like to sing ?
i try to do 90s pop
persona
i'm very good at math and science.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i love computers.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i live with my parents.
i ve an iphone.
i travel often.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
i'm fine , thanks for asking .
i started my new job at google last week . where do you work ?
wow that's awesome . i am a personal assistant . i am always on the go .
cool . i am researching self driving car at that job .
quite impressive . i am trying to figure out if i should get the new iphone .
you should . the camera is excellent .
i think i'll , it will only cost me an arm and leg lol
yes . it is so expensive . are you good at math and science ? i am excellent at it .
not really . i hate math to be honest . do you have any hobbies ?
yes . computers . i love them
that we have in common !
cool . what about rational and logical thinking . i love that too !
its okay . currently dying my hair red , its my fave color .
that is a perfect color for fall . i want to dye my hair red too .
persona
people don't like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
persona II
i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
i'm the oldest sibling.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello i am here cause i've no friends
oh man sorry to hear that , i've got siblings so they are my auto friends
lol i think people don't like me but i like them anyway .
oh , that's ok . i'm really short , so people can make fun of me about that
what do you do for fun ?
i am 5 3 so i love gymnastics and hanging out with my younger siblings
that short , i heard short people have happier lives
well , i'm the shortest and happiest person in my family
i make apps that help heal people my it will make you taller ?
lol i dunno . my youngest sis is in 1st grade . we could test it on her haha
perfect ! one time i watched a group of people make somone taller by praying
i would need the whole village or all of dads middle school students
we could put on some christian edm and party once your taller to celebrate
then , lets patent that and my dad will no longer even have to teach !
definitely then you'd be tall and we could workout and be tall an buff
for sure and we could fight monsters and gremlins
for sure ! well i gig it was fun chatting
persona
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.
i like having fried fish for supper.
i m allergic to lactose.
my doctor told me i've six months to live.
persona II
my favorite music is hip hop.
i am married and have five children.
my birthplace is spain.
i am a vegetarian.
i work as a veterinarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
care to chat with a justin bieber fan ?
sure , he's a hip hop fan .
because i've an allergy to lactose , i like to choose my dinner fried fish
i see . i don't eat any kind of meat , not even fish .
oh you are a vegan ?
not a vegan , a vegetarian .
me too , before my doctor told me i've inoperable cancer and only 6 months to live .
that's really sad . do you have any children ?
no i do not have any children .
i've two boys and three little girls . any pets ?
my doctor told me i pretty much have a flat effect with no expressions .
i am not sure what that means , but i wish you the best .
thank you . i've 4 cats and 3 dogs .
persona
i'll graduate from college in two years.
my parents are divorced.
i'm very popular and have a lot of friends.
i am an excellent student.
persona II
i live in a condo.
i've a large mustache.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day ! how are you ?
doing pretty well . good results at the condo meeting for me and my girlfriend .
sounds great ! my friends and i are heading out for lunch later !
what type of place ? i am a newspaper reporter and know all the best spots !
well i'm in college , so we have a favorite , all my friends and !
whats the name ? maybe i have been there on my beat .
pamela . i appreciate the gesture . in 2 years i graduate maybe get a condo then
pamela has those awesome big salads ! but the ranch dressing always gets in my moustache .
yeah ! a condo sounds nice , where at ? my parents go divorced and sold ours .
my girlfriend may be moving in with me from next door . want to see her condo ?
sure , is she as excited as you ?
she's waiting to see how her parents and i get along . they visit next week .
moving in together before the big meet brave , several of my friends did that !
persona
i have epilepsy.
i've one son.
i like to go swimming.
i like to read.
my parents are not married anymore.
persona II
i speak english and spanish fluently.
i am from germany.
i like listening to blues music.
my favorite artist was prince.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ?
hello , listening to prince and working out , you ?
i'm at work tutoring . i don't have any clients at the moment .
what subject are you tutoring in ?
math and english mostly , what do you do ?
i do a little of everything , mainly translation . i speak german and spanish .
i took latin in high school but forgot most of it .
i'm puerto rica and chinese , born in germany . languages are my thing .
but you don't speak chinese ?
its a difficult language to learn . especially when you moved to the caribbean as a child
that sounds fun . i have never lived anywhere besides the us east coast
were you impacted by the hurricane ?
luckily no . i'm up in virginia . were you ?
no , i was in cali for a action .
oh wow , it was nice to meet you !
persona
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i can t stand salads.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
persona II
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
i'm from san fransico.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i haven t seen my feet in two years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
so not to brag but i was valedictorian
hello i'm ray from florida
hi ray that does not sound fun
i raised in san francisco though , i enjoy my own smelly farts
you are clearly less intelligent than i'm .
i've a bad habit of placing blame on everybody else but me
that sounds like a profound character flaw .
lol , i usually purchase all the alcohol when my buddies and i go out
you should think about drinking less and saving more money .
that is why i have a rather large beer gut and my farts stink so bad
did i mention i was valedictorian ? i dropped out of college .
i make 3 million a year money is no object fo me ,
that seems unlikely with your poor diction .
i am not impressed that your a valedictorian
you are not impressive period .
persona
my favorite movie is dirty harry.
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
i collect stamps.
i am a mortician.
persona II
i love laughing.
i've freckles.
i like to bake brownies.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i love wearing flip flops.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you know where to take flying lessons around here ?
have you ever been to tanzania . my best friend lives there and she takes lessons
no , i've several stamps from there . i'm a collector .
that's cool . i collect too , only flip flops . i love wearing them !
i would love to wear them more , sadly they are banned at work .
that is sad . maybe if you bake them brownies they might be swayed . i love baking brownies .
i doubt it . i work in the morgue .
i'd not do well in a morgue . i like laughing too much
it is a very solemn environment .
i also love to be outside , although my freckles don't agree .
have you seen dirty harry ?
i've not seen that . does he have freckles too ?
no , he does not . it is an old movie .
i see . what else do you enjoy ?
that's about it , you ?
persona
i've 23 cats at home.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i recently got a cat.
i have four children.
i'm an artist.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing tonight ?
i am good . how a bout you
i'm doing great , feeding my cats , all 23 of them . any pets ?
not that many . got a cat too
ll , they are all rescues .
so you must be a superhuman
no , my husband and kids help . we are vegan and love them .
wow that is nice . i like taking walks
i like to walk and boat , oh and paint .
that's very diverse . i like those too
i boated around the world with my husband when we were younger .
that's good . i wish i did those too
we ate fish then . i cannot stand the smell or taste of fish now . ll .
persona
i currently work at target.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i live in a house in california.
i'm 5 7 tall.
persona II
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
i'm married.
i am a older gentlemen.
my favorite book is the bible.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
target is a great place to work !
i like shopping there from time to time . i am retired
when i am not working , i like to watch movies on odd months .
i read my bible and spend time with my wife
my dog makes me buy him a biscuit after work .
what kind of dog do you have
its a collie . its 5 7 , just like me .
that is a big dog is he protective
i live with my really tall collie in a house in california .
always nice weather there . i like to travel there i really like traveling
he is only protective when i buy him biscuits .
have to show him you love him lol
its just really nice seeing movies in california with him !
persona
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
persona II
i'm retired.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i like cooking healthy meals.
i like to go out to the bars.
i enjoy dating women.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning ! just finished my first ebook yay ! what are you up to ?
waiting to get off an go workout !
workouts are awesome i do sumba and love it , do you weight lift ?
yes i do i did legs yesterday man ! got a date tonight !
abs are what matters there are reasons why superheros make the best shows
lol i like to cook !
well , eat right , and then the belly fat will not come on
i'm glad i do what i love as a extra i do not work
really ! what do you do ?
i want to drink tho i love meeting women at the bar
you can go to a bar without drinking you know but you might want one though .
ll very true ! i'm cooking a healthy meal
you a bit of a health nut then i take it ?
persona
i'm a photographer.
i love dogs.
i've 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
persona II
i love to read crime novels.
i'm a zookeeper.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
my favorite animal is the panda.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there how are you today ?
i am great thanks , and yourself ? tell me a little about yourself !
my dogs are my life . i like taking photos , tattoos , and bar nights with my friends
awesome ! i am a zookeeper .
what is your favorite animal to work with ?
i love pandas , they are my favourite animal . so what are your hobbies ?
working with dogs mainly . i take photos for the rescues around here to help dogs get adopted
seems like rewarding work ! so where are you from ?
i am from portland . where are you from ?
nice ! i am from the united kingdom
i have always wanted to visit there . do you like it ?
yes , its a lovely place . you should visit sometime !
when is the weather the best there ?
persona
my favorite color is purple.
my favorite band is korn.
i love dogs.
i like swimming.
persona II
i've a thick full beard.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
my parents are in there 80 s.
i am only 5 foot tall.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i am just rubbing my beard
very cool . do you like music ?
i sometimes do . when i can sing along
who is your favorite artist ?
hmm i do not know . do you want to take me to eat ?
i do not know you well enough for that
oh , i was just feeling hungry , that's fine one of my brothers will
well good . do you have pets ?
no i have a lot of brothers though and that's like the same
that is funny . my favorite animals are dogs though
how many do you have ?
i've 2 . i always am ready for more though
persona
i don t eat meat.
i am witty.
i read tons of books.
i love sharks.
i love to dance.
persona II
i love the beatles.
i allergic to peanuts.
i like eating vegetables.
i m usually very shy.
i've trouble getting along with family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i have just been looking for someone quite bright to talk to !
you found me ! unfortunately i tend to be quite shy .
that is unfortunate ! we will tuck your shy guy away .
that is good ! what kind of things do you like ?
i like swimming in the ocean and looking for sharks , reading moby dick , and dancing .
watch out for those sharks . do you like dancing to beatles music ? they are my fave .
i love the beatles , but i am more into ballet .
ohhh la ti da lol . hopefully you won't feed me any peanuts .
oh are you allergic or are you a monkey ?
haha very allergic , but i enjoy eating all other vegetables .
beans are good for you ! they make you fart !
uh , ya . that is probably why i have such severe family issues .
farting causes family issues ? that's funny honey
something caused family problems . . . tell me more about you !
oh well , i don't eat meat . do you ?
persona
i've a twin sister.
i do yoga every morning.
i'm a teacher.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i'm from germany.
my favorite artist was prince.
i am mixed with puerto rican and chinese.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you doing this fine evening ?
very good , saddened by the recent loss of prince .
guess i am out of touch . been too busy grading papers .
you are a teacher ? what subjects ?
third grade , so all of them . how about you ?
i travel a lot but native to germany . do you speak other languages ?
never learned . do you still have family in germany ?
some family in germany but other spread out in china and as far as puerto rico .
interesting . what is your favorite snack food ? i like hershey bars .
i love german chocolate of course but enjoy good exotic fruit .
i bet it is better than the american stuff !
possibly . would you like chocolate covered la fresa ?
anything made with cocoa is good in my book , although not good for the diet !
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm in high school.
i like skateboarding.
i've blonde hair.
i am a female.
persona II
i have glasses.
i hate skiing.
my favorite book is twilight.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
i have 6 toes on one foot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what are you doing today ?
i have been reading my favorite book again , twilight , you ?
oh i love twilight . edward is dreamy
yes , i wish i did need glasses to read though
how else do you look ?
well i am hard to miss with 6 toes on one of my feet , you ?
hah that's interesting . i've long blonde hair
a girl with long blonde hair broke my nose when i was in 5th grade
oh she sounds really horrible
it was an accident on a skiing trip . its the reason i hate it now
do you skateboard ? it is much better than skiing
i do not but maybe i should give it a try
you should . it is so much fun .
what else do you enjoy ?
i really love eating pizza .
persona
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
persona II
i love art.
i am currently pregnant with my second child.
i'm a stay at home mom.
my husband in an engineer.
i've a severe anxiety disorder.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! how are you ?
i am okay , feeling pretty anxious . i am pregnant
i know what you mean . last month i decided i was done with college .
how fancy . my husband went to school to be an engineer .
now i am sleeping in my mercedes in burbank , until i find a place .
that's less fancy . is it at least comfortable ?
its okay for now . how far along are you ?
7 months , getting pretty big . lol
i'm sure you and your husband are thrilled !
yes of course . i love being pregnant
how great ! congratulations . i have always loved romance stories .
so do i . i also love other things like art for example .
me too . i find my self getting emotional over moving art pieces .
how old are you ? if you do not mind me asking
i am in my twenties . you ?
persona
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
i live in texas.
i was born premature.
i have one older sister named mary.
persona II
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
i m saving for college.
i like to surf every chance i get.
i love the snow.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello hope you are having a great day . just reading the new york times
i'm good ! i'm doing the same , reading about ways to save money for college
my father works for the times as a journalist . are you going to college ?
i'm saving money for that at the moment ! but now no , i just surf
my older sister mary is in college .
that is cool . what is she studying
surfing sounds fun . i cant do that in texas . she studies history
it is really fun , but i think i prefer snowboarding . i like snow
i don't like the cold i was a premature birth and have trouble staying warm
oh the same as robert deniro , my favorite actor
i like deniro too . where are you from ?
i am from florida ! i am moving soon
where are you moving too ?
to canada ! 6 months of summer and 6 months of snow seems lovely
i hope you like it . will you be able to surf there
persona
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to be a famous photographer.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i like taking pictures.
i'm a widow.
persona II
my favorite band is up.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with partner's hands.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how ar you doing
i'm tired but good . how are you ?
i'm goof though my husband passed early this year
i'm so sorry to hear that !
yeah its been a tough year
what do you do to feel better ?
i like to take pictures and travel
that is cool ! i listen to music to feel better . up is my favorite .
they're good i want to do photography for a living
yeah ? i work at a researcher .
what kinds of things do you reasearch
only the best stuff ever , french fries !
that would be such a cool job
persona
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
persona II
i am still living at home at age 30.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i am colorblind.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hows it going chat friend ?
i'm trying to pick out a blue outfit but i'm colorblind
that must be hard . wanna know my favorite color ?
i'd love to know
yellow ! same color as the bus i use for my main form of transportation
i painted my room yellow . i still live at home
i wish i could afford paint . i live on social security because i'm old
i understand that i'm a firefighter and e have a lot older
i work for the woman next door babysitting an infant
well ther is no travel time that must be great
when you cant pay the utility bills its hard to think about traveling
i need help at my store i'll open up soon
maybe i can come and work for you ! i am old but strong
persona
i ride a motorcycle , but its not a harley.
i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.
i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
my favorite singer is jess greenberg.
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
persona II
i was born in kansas.
i work on a farm.
i love chickens.
i know how to drive a truck.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i'm josh . whats your name ?
hey josh my name is ashley . how are you doing today ?
i am great . tell me about yourself . hobbies ?
i love going out the farm because i am a total country girl
that is sounds fun . i love riding my motorcycle . you ride ?
no not at all . driving trucks are my thing . where are you from
i'm from new york , but now live in virginia . you ?
i'm from kansas born and raised .
never been there . whats your occupation . i'm in construction . cleaning gutters .
i tend to the animals on the farm , particularly the chicken . they are my favorite .
cool . have you ever tried archery ? i am constantly at our archery center .
no my vision is horrible lol . that sounds really fun though .
oh sorry about your vision . whats your favorite food ?
persona
i read autobiographies before bed.
my favorite band is metallica.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
persona II
i'm a nurse.
i enjoy reading.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
i work in the emergency room.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good day ! hows it going ?
hi there ! just a little tired from working so late . yourself ?
just got done eating some chicken and rice after i got done with my gym session
haha wash it down with some cool dr pepper !
lol diet , don't want the calories back
good call . i am a nurse and i see many patients with health problems
yeah , coke may be one of your biggest contributors then
haha very true ! what are some of your hobbies ?
listening to metallica and reading autobiographies to put me to sleep , you ?
i love reading as well ! definitely helps me sleep after a stressful day !
yes , takes my mind off of life .
persona
my favorite place to visit is seattle.
i love to take road trips.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
i live with my husband and two children.
i live in upstate new york.
persona II
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my dog s name is toto.
my grandma is from denmark.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great . hanging out wiht my dog . what are you doing ?
not much , watching some tv with my kids .
nice . how many kids do you have ?
just two . thinking about a third . you ?
just me and my dog toto . two boys or girls ?
one of each . where do you live ?
in denmark with my grandma . what about you ?
i am in upstate new york .
i love new york . what part of the city ?
near downtown . my favorite place is seattle .
i love seattle . it is a great place to find good meatloaf .
i enjoy taking road trips anywhere !
nyc is a great location to start a road trip . have you been to niagra falls ?
once a few years ago .
persona
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
i play basketball.
i went to the university of north carolina.
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
i am an athlete.
persona II
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to drink tea.
i like to draw other people.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you doing today ?
hi i'm doing good , just enjoying a cup of tea
cool . i'm very excited at the moment .
what are you excited about . is it because i just made boiled eggs ? i love them !
well , now i am even more excited . i just got drafted by the minnesota timberwolves .
wow ! ! ! are you joking ? i love it when people have a good sense of humor
i am not kidding . i worked hard for this .
then congratulations ! can i draw you some time ?
sure . you like art a lot ?
i really like drawing people yes .
nice . i'm a big art fan .
are you a big tea and hard boiled egg fan too ?
yes i am . they are in my diet .
awesome . then we would get along great
i bet . do you work ?
persona
i like to hike.
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm a farmer.
i graduated from college.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
persona II
i m learning to play the guitar.
i like to go fishing.
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
i m a college drop out.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i am getting ready for a hike . what are you up to today ?
good afternoon , how are you ?
i am good . it will be nice to go relax after a long day on the farm .
i love to go fishing myself . it is so relaxing .
i love fishing too . it is hard to do since i lost my arm in an accident .
wow what a coincidence . i did as well .
that's crazy ! i lost mine in a car accident . how did you lose yours ?
the same . it made me have to drop out of college .
i'm sorry to hear that . i did graduate . my accident happened later .
it does make learning the guitar a litle hard but i love jimi hendrix
you sound talented . i've a brother who is a musician . i am the youngest of 4 .
i've no siblings but i do have an ear for music .
do you have any loves besides jimi hendrix ?
fishing is my fav but i love to be out in nature any way i can
me too . that is why i chose farming instead of being a lawyer like my dad .
persona
summer is my favorite season.
i enjoy fishing.
i like classic radio programs.
i love decorating for christmas.
i love my impala.
persona II
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
i grew up in alabama.
i don't like the song sweet home alabama.
i love watching game of thrones.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
good afternoon . i'm great ! and how is your day so far ?
its been good , just got back from some fishing , did not catch anything today though
oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder
awesome ! i love summer so its always great to see people getting out and enjoying themselves
i think being in a boat surrounded by all that water is scary !
agree , but i find it soothing to put on episodes of the lone ranger
game of thrones would be more like it .
i'm more of a classic radio kind of guy , have you heard of chickenman ? its hilarious !
no never heard of him .
its a parody of batman . he had no skills and would take the bus to crime scenes .
that sounds hilarious . i may have to find that show
you can find it on stitcher premium !
never heard of that either . is it an app
yes , i enjoy listening to podcasts on it as i drive my chevy impala
persona
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i have four children.
i love watching game of thrones.
i recently got a cat.
persona II
i'm a geology major at alabama university.
i've a girlfriend of 7 years.
i currently suffer from social anxiety.
i never have had alcohol in my life.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i just got done doing my daily walk and have come inside
wonderful ! thank you ! celebrating 7 years with my girl today .
www . . i just got and cat and my four kids are crazy over him !
four kids ? nice ! i cannot wait for kids !
they keep you busy for sure
what do you do for a living ?
i am a nurse and love it . and you ?
i am currently a geology major . collide
neat ! do you play any games for fun ?
not usually . i mean we have game nights once a month .
i enjoy game of thrones and also some other easy fb games
i've never played got . is it easy to learn ?
well . . . sort of you have to have a good teacher
when i play games it is usually board games . risk is my favorite .
that's an oldie but goodie . . lol
persona
i have blue eyes.
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
my favorite season is spring.
i hate to lose.
persona II
i hate winter and the cold.
i once swam with manta rays.
my favorite show is csi.
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
my parents are lawyers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
helloooo
helloooo ! !
how are you ?
been studying for my law exam
good luck ! what are your hobbies future lawyer ?
watching my favorite show csi
makes sense , getting your crime solving chops up
what are your hobbies
i love to fish .
that's fun .
do you have parents ?
persona
i've an iq of 250.
i wish i had money to travel.
i live alone with my dog.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
my parents died in a plane crash.
persona II
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to go to the movies.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , hows it going ?
hi ! just sitting here chatting with friends . i like it . you ?
i just sitting watching television , what are you doing
other than chatting , thinking of going to see a movie . i like doing that .
yes this is fun , i live alone so this really helps not to feel so alone .
do you read books ? i like the ones that are in series .
well i've a dog so not technically alone
do you like eating out with family ? i love it !
what are you reading now ?
charlaine harris series . do you like country driving ? i do .
my parents died and i do not have any siblings either
sorry to hear . do you have kids ?
i wish , i barely have money for food , no money to drive anywhere
persona
i'm a family man.
i spend as much time as i can with my family.
i am a pediatrician.
i am married with 2 children.
persona II
i work on cars for a living.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i live alone.
i enjoy fishing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there how is it going ?
hello . just got home for lunch . how are you ?
oh just enjoying a day off with my family
went fishing with some days off . what do you do ?
i am a doctor for children , and i have two myself
i bet the keeps you busy . no kids here . more time for fishing and cheeseburgers .
well that does not sound half bad . are you married ?
single , but i have plenty old nieces and nephews .
oh , i've myself a wife
sounds like your family with get bigger though . just takes time .
yeah i'm a family kind of man
do you ever do any fishing ?
yeah sometimes . do you like it alot
it is one of my absolute favorite things .
it sounds like you really love it
persona
i drive a moped.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i sing in the shower.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i like to take cold showers.
persona II
i used to be in the marines.
i work as a bartender.
i like to write poetry.
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i m a vegetarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi ! long day , so i am alright . and yourself ?
about to have a nice cold shower and do some singing
sweet ! what kind of songs do you sing ?
mainly songs from halo 3 as i play it most of the day
oh , i did not know there were songs in that game .
it is hard to sing alone and listen to anything when you have a moped only
you should sing in the shower ! that's what i do .
i do , i told you i was about to !
oh i wasn't certain you meant at the same time . haha !
do you also think eye contact is weird ?
no , i think it is a good thing ! do you ?
yes , i hate when people stare too long
i'm used to getting lots of glazed stares . i work at a bar .
stares into the distant past of youth
persona
my favorite number is 7.
i never learned how to drive.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
i'm a deaf man.
i love to read books.
persona II
i ride a skateboard.
i've often been called a slacker.
i wear dingy clothes.
i've blue and orange hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you
i am doing ok , busy day of skateboarding
o really i'm more of a book person
really are you reading anything right now ?
yes a book of the road since i never learned to drive
i do not drive either , i never got around to learning
yea i think i just thought it wouldn't be my thing since i'm deaf
i'm just lazy , my dad calls me a slacker
i been called many things since i like to scratch my nose for the heck of it
haha , just for fun ! how else would i know if was you if we met
i love the number 7 so i were it a lot
well you can tell it is me by my hair it is orange and blue
nice is for a sports team or what made you chose that
i lost a bet with some friends
wow that's crazy you should rock it for halloween also
persona
i ve never been to the city.
my name is omar.
i play guitar in the local band.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i am the youngest of three brothers.
persona II
my mother met elvis.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , omar here . how are you ?
good . looking at some photos of when mom shook the hand of elvis .
who is elvis ? does he live on a farm too ?
he is the king . he made some movies . i would rather watch cartoons , tho .
i am the guitarist in a band . we meet in the red barn on the farm .
good for you , but i'd rather listen to someone read a book .
books are good . there's a good bookstore in my village here in ohio .
i lived in ohio . i left my home when i was 14 .
i am still on the farm . i cannot go to the city . never been there .
do you have another job besides being in a band ?
oh , that is just some good country fun . we 3 boys help ma and pa .
what else do you like ? me , i love being near or in any body of water .
i like wrestling with my older brothers . i am the youngest .
persona
i go to high school.
i am a boy.
math is my favorite subject.
i live in the united states.
i play ice hockey.
persona II
i love to dance.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i'm in high school.
i love disney movies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how old are you ?
hi , i just got my drivers license ! i'm sweet 16 now ! whoop whoop !
i'm one year older than you . congratulations on the license !
thanks ! do you work ? do you like it ?
i do not work . between school work and hockey , i have no time .
totally understand . i dance and it s after school .
do you live in the u . s like me ?
i do ! i live near disneyland . ok i go there like every week !
that sounds awesome . what is your favorite subject in school ?
well i love to sing . so choir .
i see . i am into challenging subjects , like math .
that s cool . i just sang part of your world from little mermaid
i love that movie ! do you have a boyfriend ?
ya ariel is my favorite princess . i don t have a boyfriend
mine too . would you be interested in meeting up some day ?
persona
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i wish my mom was healthier.
i wish i could go to a better school.
i worry about my image.
persona II
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
i have a cat.
i collect little figurines.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you ? good i hope . i live in a terrible area .
i'm sorry to hear that , i live in a pretty hipster neighborhood .
cool . that would make for fun times . i worry about how i look .
why do you do that ?
i fear they will see me as they see those from my area .
is there a starbucks ? that is my spot .
yes . there are like 6 by me . i enjoy coffee .
i like hot chocolate or tea better .
tea is good . it helps my mom a lot . she's not very healthy
she should eat more subway .
she does love subway . who doesn't ?
i surely do , it is my favorite fast food joint .
i prefer qdoba if i had to pick .
i like subway because i can share the meat with my cat .
cats are great . but i'm allergic . love dogs though ,
persona
my mother is from russia.
she died when i was 18.
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
she taught me to cook.
i have a dog.
persona II
i've a missing pinky toe.
i enjoy swimming.
i've 4 dogs.
i love cooking.
i do not like green eggs and ham.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing ?
hello ! i'm well , minus the missing little toe
ouch ! i'm sad its the anniversary of my mothers death .
i'm sorry to hear that news . did she enjoy dogs ? i've 4 of them .
she did ! i have her dog
right on . do you enjoy green eggs and ham ? i do not . . . i like swimming though
that's very popular in my restaurant ! the kids love ie
glad that they do ! i really love to cook . are you hiring ?
mother taught me to cook ! we are looking for an exterminator .
for what ? i have a buddy that does that
well the health department was not too fond of the rats . they are everywhere is russia !
commie rat bastards ! ! ! ! good thing i love to swim
can you swim from russia to sarah pains house in alaska ?
i believe i can . . . . the 4 dogs will keep me company
you are very talented . i wish my rat tail soup would be popular .
persona
my father was a cop.
my mother was a teacher.
i know how to drive a stickshift.
we lived in virginia while i was growing up.
persona II
i'm a very tall woman.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i love to draw.
i have very curly hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today ?
hey how are you today ? like food ?
i love food ! pizza is my favorite , what is your favorite ?
that's my favorite ? are you tall ?
no i'm short what about you ?
i'm a freaking giant with curly hair
i have curly hair too ! can you drive stick ? i do
no i wish i could what you like to eat ?
pizza is my favorite food
cool i prefer to cook an draw
that's cool , i still don't know what i want to do maybe a cop like dad
really ? that's cool still
yea or possibly a teacher like my mom
persona
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i work in marketing.
i like folk music.
my hiking boots are pink.
persona II
i really like cake and do not prefer vegetables.
i'm almost finished with my degree.
i've one sister and a niece and nephew.
i am 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i take care of my mother and father.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how is your weekend going ?
its fine , with my mother and father .
i just got back from hiking the appalachian trail . do you like to hike ?
yes . in ireland we have some nice spots .
i have always wanted to go to ireland . do you love it ?
its awesome but i want to take my family to usa
its really nice here . good music . what kind of music do you like ?
after i finish my degree , we will visit . i love pop soul
folk music is my favorite . what are you getting your degree in ?
microbiology , are you in school ?
no , i graduated . now i work as a marketer .
cool , is that exciting work ?
i enjoy it . i work from home , so i set my own hours .
persona
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
persona II
i've four daughters.
i'm a michigan state trooper.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i play guitar.
i've two siberian huskies.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? i'm unwell for i sit on my computer for hours and hours .
hello , i'm doing very well thank you . getting ready for work soon .
here i sit , always watching tv . foreign movies and tv shows .
i play the guitar for an audience of two , my huskies .
my current lifestyle , obviously , is quite boring .
nothing wrong with that , i like boring . my job is unpredictable .
i do like to learn of other cultures , however .
i do too , i encounter so many by responding to calls .
i would like to do other things besides sit here lonely all day .
you should find a friend and get out more .
i cannot find a friend alone on this couch .
no , you cannot . get off the couch .
i'm attached to it , sadly .
all you have to do is get up .
i am unfortunately glued . gorilla glued .
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i work five days a week.
persona II
i have trouble feeling emotion.
i see a therapist that doesn't really understand me.
my parents are distant.
sometimes i wish i did not have to wake up in the morning.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
okay , i can buy new shoes after yoga on tuesday . then wednesday free !
hey that is good . you do a lot of yoga ?
only on tuesdays , keeps me flexible to shop . then pool day on thursdays !
sounds like you keep pretty busy
ugh , five day work weeks don't leave much time for my passion shopping . but pays for it !
well its good to be passionate about stuff , i guess
oh of course , i love swimming too , pool days are like 3 hrs . what about you ?
no i do not really swim . or yoga . i mostly just go to work and come home .
sounds like your friends need to take you shopping , dear .
eh i don't really have many friends
no one to shop or do yoga with ? why on earth not ?
persona
i don't much like tv.
i like to stay fit.
i love animals.
i love to walk in the woods.
persona II
i love horses.
i collect seashells.
i am a yoga instructor.
i have a son.
i've two chiuahuahs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , do you have any plans for the weekend ?
hey there how are you ? i do i have 2 classes today to instruct .
what subjects do you teach ?
yoga , i think i'm going to take my pets today .
oh animals are my favorite tell me about your pets ?
2 chiuahuahs , libby an billy . you got any ?
i do . a big rescue mutt named lucy
cool , i wanted to go to the beach an grab seashells but irma no no
you aren't in the path of danger i hope ?
no not anymore , i had to move my horses too it was very stressful
i bet . i am lucky to be a bit far north for hurricanes
persona
i m a college student.
dancing is my passion.
i drive a silver lexus.
i have a dog named socks.
persona II
i'm a hippie.
i have two tattoos.
i drive a large , blue van.
i love to recycle.
i have curly , red hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing this fine day ?
hi . do you recycle too ?
i do recycle when i've the time
cool . are you busy most of the time ?
i've to study a lot since i am in college
i can pick up your recycling with my big van .
as long as you do not see my dog you will be fine
does he not like red heads with curly hair ?
socks is very temperamental when it comes to new people
no worries . i love dogs . i love everyone . peace !
with your love does that involve dancing ?
yes . i've two dancers tattooed on my ankle .
i don't have any i want some
persona
i have two older brothers.
i am the youngest in my family.
my passion is photography.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i collect seashells.
i've two chiuahuahs.
i love horses.
i'm a yoga instructor.
i've a son.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are y o u ?
good i rode horses with my son today
nice i like horses . my big brothers ride them
sometimes after i instruct yoga i ride horses to collect sea shells
so you are a yoga teacher ?
yes i'm i also enjoy time with my dogs sparky and tito
i am into photography . i take photos of everything
would you take photos of my son
sure , how old is he ?
he's  and would like to be photographed in a seashell
hey that is a great idea . very unique
he also rides naked on his horse silly boy
my goodness ! ! ! he can get in trouble for that
i'm also not vegan this time
me either . i love meat
persona
i like to travel.
i like cars.
i like cats.
favorite color is green.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i love ballet.
i have blonde hair.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have traveled to hawaii in the last year . have you traveled ?
i have , extensively . i'm a ballerina .
that's really neat . i like wearing green .
i love purple ! what is your favorite food ?
anything with greens on them ! do you have any cats ?
i do not have any pets , i am away from home for a long time .
do you travel ? i travel at least twice a month . it is exciting
i do . do you have memory issues ?
not at all . i remember the silliest things .
i'm a grey eyed blonde . what do you look like ?
that is beautiful . i'm an original brown eyed brunette .
very lovely . i dyed my hair brown once , i really loved it .
beautiful . have you decided your dream car ?
i drive my dream car every day i am home . a 65 mustang .
awesome . i love my surburban in forest green . it is beautiful .
persona
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to kayak.
i run six miles a day.
i like to fly model airplanes.
persona II
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i live in a medium sized city.
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i love to read.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , how are you today ?
good thank you , how are you doing today ? any special plans ?
nothing special , just my usual 6 mile run , you ?
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation .
i love the beach , and i love catching crabs there . they taste so good dipped in butter
oh i know ! this time of year is perfect though since there are not too many people .
i agree . i like to go kayaking at this time of year for that reason
do you kayak with family ? i tend to do things like that with siblings .
no , but we do like to fly our model airplanes together
that sounds like fun , not too much room near home for us to do that .
maybe we could meet at the beach and do it
maybe one day , i can bring my favorite book too .
what is your favorite book ?
tom clancy splinter cell , it is a great spy book .
maybe i should look into that and get into reading
persona
i enjoy shopping.
i am a lifestyle blogger.
i'm married and have 2 kids.
i live in celebration , florida.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
persona II
i love watching funny movies.
i like to play tennis.
my dad is a veteran.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
hi ! i am ok and yourself ?
good , just got home from some shopping .
was it grocery shopping ? i was watching a funny movie .
no just clothes for my kids . what movie ?
i see . it is a comedy tennis movie , which i love as well . how many kids ?
2 kids . they're always needing clothes it seems
yes they do . so what is your favorite color ? mine is green .
i like purple and white . same colors as my cheer leading uniform in highschool .
right on . purple is my other favorite color .
what do you do for a living ? i'm a blogger .
i'm a musician . i play in a metal band and promote metal shows .
that sound busy , but also fun . i am guessing you travel alot .
persona
i am a couch potato.
i do not have a job.
i love the walking dead.
i love comics.
persona II
my favorite type of music is metal.
i like watching tv and movies.
i work in commercials.
i have a lot of allergies.
my dad died when i was in high school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , hows life treating you ?
good so far . . how about you
i'm just chilling , riding the couch .
relaxing the weekend with cool movies and beer ? ?
its a walking dead marathon for me
hm . . try breaking bad . . its more interesting
i love that show . i have a comic convention coming up .
interesting . . where are you from ?
georgia and where are you from ?
i am from boston , ma
cool i love the accents lol
yaa . . did you ever visited boston ? ?
never been but i've friends from there .
persona
i like toyota cars.
i like to vote.
i do not like working long hours.
i work at a hospital.
someday i'd like a truck.
persona II
i like to run.
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
i've 3 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi its bill ! are you interested in preserving the political process ?
hi ! which aspect of it ?
exercising your right to vote . i am very passionate about it
sure ! that's important . i tell that to my 3 children too .
nice ! today is my day off , i'm a nurse and man i hate the long hours
anything fun planned for today then ? do you like movies ?
i might go to a toyota dealership to look at a new truck . love movies !
16 candles is my favorite ! do you drive a lot for work ? me 300 miles week !
love 80s movies ! what about pretty in pink ? me 5 miles a day
i like it . lucky you ! what other hobbies do you have ? i am into running ?
i'm really passionate about cars , toyotas in particular . i should be salesman , i'm always at a dealership !
maybe a career change will be good for you . . . and shorter work hours !
haha , that's true ! but i love being a nurse even though its tough . what do you do ?
i own my own business and i control the hours ! ;
wow , very cool ! you sound very self motivated
persona
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i smoke a pipe.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i love to eat eggplant.
i ve been married five times.
persona II
i work at the grocery store.
i'm a college student.
i ride a unicycle.
i own 4 cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi what do you do ?
hello , how are you doing today ? i work at a grocery store .
i m good . i m a bartender
that's nice . do you like it ?
yes i do . i own the bar . do you like the store ?
i love it a lot
i live in chicago where do you live ?
i live on the west coast
i see . are you married ?
i am . i also have 4 cats .
cool i have had 5 husbands
that's a lot . are you on your 6th ?
single right now . do you like dogs ?
persona
someday i'd like a truck.
i work at a hospital.
i like toyota cars.
i don't like working long hours.
i like to vote.
persona II
when people don't like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i like to cook new recipes.
i am from austin , texas.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i work long hours as a tech at a hospital . you ?
i am a food blogger from austin texas !
cool i hate working so much , but it pays for my car .
i definitely understand that , what kind of car do you have ?
toyota , but someday , i am getting a truck .
awesome , i need something with good mpg because i travel for work a lot
do you vote in elections ? i like voting .
yes i make sure to every time , its really important to me
great , have you looked into an electric car ?
i've looked into hybrids before . are you active on social media ?
no , not really . my grandchildren have not taught me that yet .
i like it but i feel hurt if no one replies to my posts
i can certainly understand that .
persona
i play football.
i am an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
my position is linebacker.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
persona II
i like to take my dog for long walks.
i have a lizard named ragini.
i enjoy cooking for people.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
my mother lives with me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is chris . a linebacker . how are you ?
hi chris . i'm beth . what do you do for fun ?
watch football . love watching my team , baltimore ravens .
i kinda like football . i love having people over for dinner so i can cook for them .
i did 128 tackles last year which was amazing !
wow ! i bet . since my mom has been staying with me , i do not watch tv much .
too bad . i miss my mother . she's back home in hawaii
you really must miss her . do you have any pets ?
i do . a cat named majora . you ?
i've an exotic pet . his name is ragini . a lizard .
how exciting . how old ? it must be interesting to have a lizard .
the lizard is just two . then i also have a 10 year old dog named roscoe .
how cute , roscoe . what kind of dog ? i enjoy a blue heeler .
persona
i stay active.
i'm retired.
i wear glasses.
i have good health.
i have eight grandchildren.
persona II
i have a large cd collection.
i play the bass.
favorite band is the beetles.
i like vintage furniture.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great how are you ? just playing some bass !
oh wow ! one of my grandchildren plays the bass !
what is his favorite band , do you know ?
no . with eight grandchildren its kind of hard to keep up .
you should get him in to the beetles they're great , what are you up to ?
i will try to . i'm actually about to go to yoga .
where do you live ? you should teach me sometime .
in a retirement community in florida
must have some vintage furniture in there , my favorite .
really ? my glasses are vintage .
anything else interesting about you ?
not really . my grandkids are more interesting . i'm healthy though !
persona
i like to read.
i like cupcakes.
i work at a grocery store.
i have brown hair.
persona II
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
i m originally from london , england.
i am a model building enthusiast.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you doing ?
i am great ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i love to bake cupcakes . and reading .
i like reading too . i also love the outdoors , and i like to go to comedy clubs .
working at a grocery store , i meet really funny people
haha . where are you from ? i am from london , england .
chicago , illinois . but i do not like it much . you like it where you are ?
love it . however , i'm sad because both of my parents died recently .
so sorry . both mine passed also .
how did your parents die ?
both from liver failure from drinking . two years apart .
so sad . mine died in a car accident .
next to losing a child , losing parents is the hardest thing a person can go through
i agree , i try to keep myself busy building models .
i read tarot cards to keep myself busy . and get messages from them .
persona
i also like ford trucks.
i've a ford f150.
i own a ford truck.
my truck is black.
i like ford cars.
persona II
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
i design video games for a living.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing
not too great . my wife just got laid off .
sorry to hear about hope she fine another one soon
me too . how are you ?
am fine , just got back from church
do you work at the church or are you just a member ?
yes i work with the paster
that's cool . i'm trying to startup my own company .
that's great , i love old car what about you
i love designing video games . do you have any family ?
yes i have five sisters and seven brothers
wow ! big family ! any children ?
yes five children and grand also , what a bout you
i've a son . he plays on the local football team .
that great i no you are pride of him
persona
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
i went to the university of north carolina.
i am an athlete.
i play basketball.
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
persona II
i am a recovering alcoholic.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
i make pottery.
i like to refurbish classic cars.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey . hows it going ?
its going great here , how about with you ?
its going fantastic . i love my job and i love my life .
that's wonderful to hear ! what is your new job ?
i play for basketball for the minnesota wolves .
very interesting job . you must be quite tall .
as tall as any other basketball player . what about yourself ?
well i just opened a new pottery shop that has taken off , especially doing bridal showers
that's pretty cool .
well thank you . how do you like the minnesotan winters ?
i cannot complain . where are you from ?
i'm originally from south dakota and now live in michigan
why did you move ?
job opportunities are more prevalent here .
that makes complete sense . gotta go where the jobs are .
persona
i m a lesbian.
i play a lot of video games.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i decorate cakes for a living.
persona II
i love dogs and cats.
i've a lot of friends.
i'm ten years old.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing good , i've lots of friends !
that is great ! i don't have many , but that is okay .
how old are you ? i'm 10
i am 31 . my son is also 10 ! do you like video games ?
no , i do not play them much , but i like cats and dogs a lot
i have two dogs . do you have any pets ?
my dad said he would get me one when he does enough work at the mill .
does your dad work a lot ? i make beautiful cakes for a living .
that sounds yummy . yes , and mom is my teacher at school
very nice . do you like school ?
yes , all my friends are there . what do you like
i love to work . i own a small bakery with my wife .
persona
i'm single and go on dates regularly.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i was born completely deaf.
i've a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
persona II
i slack off on my homework.
i've bad luck with relationships.
i am a hopeless romantic.
i've trouble getting motivated.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i am a little sad . i've such bad luck with guys .
i know that feeling i am still dating people to find the right guy
i am just such a romantic and cannot find the right person .
its good to be romantic at times . i am deaf so i tend to scare people away
its a shame they cannot get to know you for who you are .
yeah but its ok do you have any pets
no , no pets . do you have any ?
i've a therapy puppy pug
is it a service dog for your hearing or therapy for something else ?
its for hearing i was born like this but still need help
i am sure that's a big help .
yes it is . what do you like to do in your spare time
persona
i see a therapist that doesn't really understand me.
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
my parents are distant.
sometimes i wish i didn't have to wake up in the morning.
persona II
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i am bored with my current lifestyle.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i wish i could speak another language.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you ever feel like therapy doesn't do anything ?
i wish it could help me . i hate my life lately . need a change .
i have an older brother that is always getting into trouble . . . is family problems that got you down ?
no . want to go somewhere people do not speak english .
i think i know the feeling . . . like you just want to get away from everyone right ?
escapism . yeah . wish i knew another language . ca not learn by doing nothing .
i don't think i've the motivation for that anymore .
easy . get on a plane . go somewhere . maybe south america .
way too scary . south america is full of kidnappings and violence
same as here . but people are smiling . food is good , too . and drinks .
no thank you , maybe i will have an affair with my shrink . . .
persona
i ve been married for five years.
i played football in college.
i work at a candy store.
i've a passion for politics.
i run two miles everyday.
persona II
i work out daily.
i own many cars.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
i like watching sports.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
i'm good , just done finished with my daily work out .
sick i just got off work from the candy store
oh i'm sorry . i'm going to watch sports today .
i played football while in college
oh , me too ! but basketball is my favorite to watch .
really not much of a fan of hoop
oh , too bad ! any hobbies ?
yea politics how about your self
oh , politics . some days i love them others i hate them .
do you like to run at all ?
yeah , i try to run a few times a week .
i do about 2 miles every day lol
persona
i like cooking healthy meals.
i like to go out to the bars.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i am retired.
persona II
i'm currently going to school to be an artist.
i live in a small apartment in new york.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a small pet cat.
i'm twenty one years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
are you ready to go to the gym ?
nah , i am the artist type , going to school for that
i have never been to college
all good , kinda overrated . i am 21 and broke with a tiny apartment
i spent 25 years in the navy . i think that is why i like the bar scene
bars are fun since i just turned 21 !
yes , but i am still a health nut ! meal prep and the gym for me
healthy body , healthy mind , healthy soul . . . my cat helps with that too !
i love cats . is yours a boy or girl ?
a girl , she's a little one too
oh sweet ! do you work or just go to school ?
persona
i've a few pet iguanas.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.
i'm pretty poor financially.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
persona II
my favorite food is steak.
i only listen to opera.
i have never been to canada.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i live in a condo.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
so what are you up to ?
oh , i love to eat steak while listening to opera .
i like to eat ramen noodles on my couch
i like to travel by car not not into canada
i like to to read to my 2 dogs
not good for you , but i still eat that
i enjoy my pet lizard iggy .
good for you , getting up early is becoming my habit , at 4 in the morning .
you seem lie a nice person
lizards aren't allow in my condo
i cant afford to live in a condo
thanks , i hope i'm , maybe opera music can do that
is it expensive to go to the opera ?
persona
i am a fitness guru.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i love adventure that's why i have been a sales person all my life.
i'm a carefree , funloving , free spirited person.
i'm a true believer in god first.
persona II
i'm a roofer.
i played football in high school.
i always have a beer after work.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , friend ! i just finished my workout and i am ready to chat !
hello , what do you do for work ?
i'm a sales person . travel , travel , travel . i see it all ! what do you do ?
i'm on my way to work , i do roofing for a living
that sounds like a tough job . do you have any hobbies ?
its long hot days so when i am done i usually have a cold beer afterwards
i usually just drink green drinks . they keep me healthy . do you have a family ?
i like mud bogging in my chevy truck it has a 3 inch lift on it
i'd love to try that ! i'll try anything at least once !
no family , just graduated high school , i was a good football player
you sound like a good athlete . good for you for staying active .
so what do you sell on your travels ?
i sell fitness equipment . i meet a lot of people and get to tell them about god .
persona
i am a graphic designer.
my favorite season is spring.
i am currently single.
i enjoy walks on the beach.
persona II
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i hope to travel the world one day.
i'm a farmer.
i've two pet dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love walks on the beach after ribs
i work on my farm my dogs casey and macy are amazing
i'm happily single living in california
i like to hike and take pictures of nature as a hobby
i love photography in the spring
i love rock music any type of rock music
i do graphic design so photos are second nature
i'd love to travel the world some day
i did to italy last summer but nothing special
how was that trip for you ?
good would been better with someone with me
well maybe next time you are able to do that .
yeah hope greece i have someone
i wish i had the time to travel but with the farm . . . hard time to find time .
i miss horses used to ride with my brother
persona
my favorite book is ender s game.
i like to read.
i've a garden.
i grew up in kentucky.
persona II
i read autobiographies before bed.
i've a cat named george.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite band is metallica.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
wow just finished reading ender s game , what a great book !
really ? i always check the autobiographies in bed
it s not an autobiography . it s a science fiction alien book . well movie too
that's good i also have cat and we always go to the gym
ohh cats annoy me , they get into my garden and mess it up
how about metallica i like them a lot
i m not really into that kinda music . i m from rural ky and like southern rock
that is cool i love chicken with rice there
besides autobiographies what kind of books do you read ?
not much but i love watching movies
movies are good but i feel like books are able to convey so much more .
yes i agree it make you more imaginative
and more intelligent . watching too much tv i thing dulls peoples minds
yes i know but some series are good
true . i hate reality shows though . so dumb . so is fox
persona
i can knit.
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
persona II
i cannot eat shrimp.
i've long legs.
i am dumpy.
i've long fingers.
like a skeleton.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i'm doing pretty good . you ?
just fine ! i've not gone shopping in a while . i walk barefoot
oh that's cool . i look like a skeleton and i cannot have shrimp .
do you have any hobbies that keep you so thin ?
not really , i just have naturally long legs and fingers .
are you able to knit with your long fingers ?
that would be kinda cool but www . . . .
i am looking for someone to teach me . i was once a tutor
oh that is cool but i am not a very good student .
i can help you in english . we can read jan austen together
persona
i have lots of cash.
i used to own several casinos.
i used to own a casino.
i'm the president.
i've been bankrupt and back.
persona II
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i have an eyebrown piercing.
both of my parents are teachers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
president trump here . how goes it my fellow american ?
hello president . i am on break , i work in a coffee shop .
when i want a cup of coffee , i just go in and buy the shop .
must be nice ! my parents are teachers , we do not have your kind of money .
when i used to own casinos , my parents lost all their money gambling .
i am in a grunge band with my sister , that's how we make extra money .
i have created millions of jobs since january . you need to get a real one .
i cannot get a real one since i have an eyebrow piercing .
there's an easy solution to that . take it out !
why did i not think of that ? lol . i am actually a teacher , with no piercing .
i'm a single father and small town minister p
i want to live in a small town . i'm in houston .
hopefully , no one you know fell victim the the hurricane .
we were fortunate ! thank you !
that is great to hear . there have been too many tragedies and so much turmoil lately .
persona
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
my name is kevin.
i am studying software development.
i play the guitair.
i'm a student in college.
persona II
1984 is my favorite book.
i am in college.
i am allergic to nuts.
i love book.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i am kevin . i love to play music
oh , kevin is my husbands name !
nice ! i am a student . what do you do ?
what instrument do you play ?
guitar . do you like music ?
i'm a college student and love music !
wow . are we the same person ? lol
lol ! my brother played clarinet and was in line for the bso .
awesome ! i love working out you ?
not into it but love to walk .
me too ! and biking
do you like to read ? i love it !
i do ! i love to learn things . . . i also develope software .
nice ! ! ! nothing like a good book !
except a good piece of chocolate cake !
persona
i can draw.
i've sausage fingers.
i m bloated.
i like sprite soda.
persona II
i want to be a music teacher.
i play the violin.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
my favorite color is red orange.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
morning and i draw and a professional at it
oh that is awesome ! i hope to be a music teacher one day .
that's cool . i've thick sausage like fingers
haha my fingers are long and thin which helps my violin playing sound better .
its because i drink soda , spirit sprite a lot . and also bloated
oh i always drink soda while i watch horror movies .
yeah and that must be fun to do
it is ! i love coke because the can is my favorite color . a pretty red orange color .
yeah i am also a doctor pepper fan as well .
doctor pepper is very tasty and the color is almost as pretty as the coke cans .
it is , i think coke is a bit darker
coke is more of a light reddish color while dr pepper is much darker
hmmm i am drinking dr . pepper now
i wish i had some . i drank all of mine earlier during my horror movie .
yeah the grocery store near me were selling them for 0 . 99 1 . 5 liter .
persona
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
i like standing in the rain.
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
persona II
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to snowboard.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i have an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i am about to run out in the rain so lets talk quickly
we just came in from doing that ! fun ! i live in wisconsin and it is rainy !
we could probably chat faster if my computer would just work a little more quickly
i'll be patient with you . but that would be nice haha .
thanks ! i also wish i could see you better but my glasses are dirty again
i do not need glasses . which is good because i love to snowboard .
oh that sounds fun . though not something my idol rita hayworth would do
true . nor my brother who plays football in the nfl .
yeah very true . if only this computer would work ! ! !
hate it when that happens . but i appreciate your wanting to get this done quick haha
i just want to get out into that rain . what do you enjoy ?
reading tarot cards and coffee . but my favorite thing is popcorn .
i do enjoy popcorn . but not in the rain . it gets soggy
true story , man . and this is our rainy month . though they claim that would be april .
i heard it rains a lot there . i'd love that
persona
i am a soccer player.
i joined a new team last month.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i'm a goalie.
my number is 42.
persona II
i often play the clown to get attention.
i'll work hard for whatever i want.
i grew up as an orphan.
i want people to notice me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you ? my name is kevin .
nice to meet you , hope we can get along well , or maybe get into trouble , hah .
uh oh . what do you do for fun ? i love soccer .
i like skydiving , since people say i fly by the seat of my pants !
awesome scary but awesome . ever had any close calls ?
life feels like it is just one big close call sometimes , dude ! but it is all good .
ha ha , very deep ! well , i started with a new team couple of weeks ago
awesome ! you said soccer and not football so you are an american , right ?
born and bred ! i play goalie
sweet , me too . goalie , huh ? you get hit with the ball much ?
wednesday . . . oh i mean yes . what did you ask me ?
soccer players don't wear helmets right ? so i thought if you were goalie that might hurt .
it can sting . but i love the game ! i'm number forty two
as long as you love it ! i'm twenty , but that is my age , not my jersey !
sounds good ! what sports do you like ?
persona
i ve a dog.
i m not very tall.
i ve two siblings.
i m looking for a job.
my favorite color is red.
persona II
i've a black purse.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i like to wear black.
i drive a black car.
i like rock music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
hi i'm doing ok . how about you ?
i'm great . will you hire me ?
hire you ? hire you for what ?
a job . i need one now .
sorry cannot help you . i enjoy rock music , especially guns and roses .
i like reading the help wanted pages
well hopefully you can find a job there then .
i've been trying with all of my might
what is your favorite color ? i love everything black . black car , clothes , and purses .
i like red . i love sunsets .
i try to wear all black every day . it makes me feel comfortable .
it gets hot when you wear it
i do not mind . i just turn up the air in my black car .
as long as you lik it
persona
my mom is my best friend.
i'm terrified of heights.
i love iced tea.
i've four sisters.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i was the first born child.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i got married 10 years later.
i was a slave for 10 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm doing great , what are you up to today ?
just hanging out with my four sisters . you
i am waiting for my food to digest before hitting the gym
nice be careful on the stairmaster !
haha thanks , i must ask . . . . are your sisters cute ? ?
eh i would not say so . there is 4 though maybe .
ll i'm sure they are , kind of hard to tell without seeing a picture of you ladies !
do you like food then ?
yes , i especially like trying out new restaurants
nice i do not eat but i love drinks .
persona
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i have 3 kids.
i don't eat healthy.
persona II
my cats name is leroy jenkins.
my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
i have ink stains on all my shirts.
i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you ?
i am doing well and you ?
very well . enjoying some rolling stones and drinking a soda ! you ?
trying to get this ink off my shirt
ink on your shirt ? how did that happen ?
i get ink stains on all my clothes ugh
that happens with my kids sometimes . i have three !
do you have any cats ?
just one . do you like cats ?
i do . i have one named leeroy jenkins . like leeroyyyy jenkinssssss
that's awesome ! ! what a great name choice !
persona
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i love to read.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i've a masters degree in creative writing.
i live in a medium sized city.
persona II
i m terrible at math.
i m a college student.
i have a dog named socks.
i drive a silver lexus.
dancing is my passion.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you tonight
awesome . my friend invited me a party . i will dance all night .
i love to dance and go to the beach
nice . i like to go beach with my dog . are you student ?
not anymore i already finished school
i hate math . i'm at college . do you like drive
i hate math also and love to drive
i have a new car , silver lexus . i'm fast driver .
i am a fast driver as well but i live in a decent size city
not good . i want to drive fast but i can not because can be dangerous
yes that is the main problem , that and tickets
your right . i'm good at dance . how about you ?
i'm good too but i mainly just read
persona
i watch youtube videos.
i like sleeping.
i have brown hair.
i work at mcdonald s.
i write.
persona II
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer baseball over football.
i like sports.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
doing good . how are you ? what have you been doing lately ?
i am doing great ! i've been watching funny bloopers on youtube
oh , i love those especially if they involve the washington nationals .
you are a baseball fan ? i like football
what is your favorite team ? i like about any sport , but baseball more so .
steelers . where do you work ?
i went into the pizza business to pay homage to my all time favorite food .
i love pizza i'm a cashier at a fast food restaurant
i did that when i was younger . i had to pay for my washington nationals addiction . haha
what do you do in your spare time
i've little , so i do what i enjoy watching baseball , eating pizza . how about you ?
i take naps and make up short stories
have you published any of your short stories ?
no i don't think i'm good enough to do that . maybe one day
persona
i own a iphone 7.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
i'm allergic to seafood.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
persona II
i like to eat tune.
i like to read books.
i'm a librarian in my current job.
my cats like to be read to.
i've two cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you , whats the deal ?
hi , just watching the game and eating some tuna
cool i'm just on my iphone 7 on fb
i like reading books on my iphone , how about you ?
mostly social media and drinking hot chocolate
cool , as a librarian , i see lots of people coming in to access fb
nice , i do read but not on iphone , my mom read to me alot
oh , i like to read to my 2 cats . i check out books for them too .
wow they actually sit and listen
only when i feed them . maybe they like the food and not the books
oh okay haha well that still cool
what type of food do you like ?
not seafood i am allergic , but i like pasta , chicken
i could eat pasta everyday , and i love chicken too
cool ! what do you do for a living again ?
persona
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i try to eat healthy or i don t eat at all.
i want people to think i m cool.
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
it s important for my instagram posts to look like i m having fun.
persona II
i believe that mermaids are real.
i m terrified of heights.
my mom is my best friend.
i have four sisters.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i just got done working out . i obsess at it and being the best . you ?
hi my name is spongebob how are you
interesting name ! i am good since i just got a scholarship for soccer !
spongebob loves soccer so much
do you also eat healthy like i do ? i do not eat otherwise .
spongebob loves to eat carrots
do you want people to think you are cool ? i do .
spongebob loves what people think he is unpredictable
i use instagram . you ? it is important my posts look like i am having fun .
spongebob loves instagram i have so many followers
why are you speaking in the third person ? i thought you were spongebob ?
i am spongebob from the sea
do you have anything you need to tell me about yourself ?
yes i love jelly fish they make me smile
i like them , too ! anything else ?
persona
i can t go a single day without eating ice cream.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
my favorite activity is fishing.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
persona II
i've red hair.
i like to ride my scooter.
my name is nick.
i have lots of friends.
i don t like music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing great my name is nick whats your name
i don't have one , do you like ice cream ?
yes i like ice cream i have fire engine red hair
mine is more subdued , i eat it every day .
i do not like music do u like music
i love music , especially when floating a river .
do u drive a car i ride a scooter no car
i do , i have a mustang
those are nice cars i like the older ones though
that's what i have , a yellow convertible .
i have a lot of friends that drive them but i just cant afford one
my daddy and i restored mine , it was his .
that's a great thing to do was it hard
it was , i was only 14 when we started .
persona
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
i like going barefoot.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i can knit.
persona II
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
greetings my dear friend . how fares thee ?
i'm great because my keyboard and chair are ergonomic and support me ! you ?
that is a blessing . i am very well thanks .
in fact , between my keyboard and new sneakers , i am so comfortable !
i could make you a new sweater and complete the comfort !
i'd love that , thank you ! can i wear it to sleep ?
if you like , i knit blankets too . do you ever read books ?
not much . i just like to sleep and listen to music .
what kind of music ? i am more of a book guy .
rap is my absolute favorite . i love it . it is the best music .
it is so good . i teach students about books and use rap to entertain them too !
wow what do you teach about ?
literature , english literature . do you study ?
i used to . what is your favorite book ?
pride and prejudice by jane austen . have you read it ?
persona
my favorite meal is brunch.
i don't own any pets.
i am a recruiter.
i lease my car.
my car is black.
persona II
i like spicy food.
i have always had long hair.
i enjoy running at night.
i'm saving up to buy a new camera.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , hows your day going ?
going good so far . . how about you
its great , headed to get brunch .
what food you like ? ? spicy or mild ?
i am a mild kind of guy
where you are from ? any good food in ur place to try must ?
texas , everything good here . i am a recruiter so i eat everywhere lol
lol . . . i love the bbq brisket in austin
all this time , i've never tried brisket
you should . . threats the must try in austin
any hobbies or pets ? dogs or cats ?
persona
i am single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i'm a night owl.
i don't have a good social life.
persona II
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i love riding roller coasters.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i'm training to be a welder.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning how are you ?
good morning , like roller coasters ?
i do ! i don't have much free time . i construct robots as my job .
it is crazy that my dad left my mom when i was young .
oh that's sad . i am not married but enjoy living alone .
really ? like construction ? i am training
do you get out much ! i wish i had a better social life
not with all my internships an training , do you ?
i don t . i do enjoy watching movies late at night . i usually stay up too late .
really ? i like amusement parks
i like them to . where do you live ?
i live in the united states
i do also . i live in california . do you like the beach ?
yes i love them
i need to get out more with friends . maybe go to the beach .
persona
i've few friends.
i like to hunt for my food.
i am a great baker.
i like to sew.
persona II
i love family time.
i'm a soccer mom.
i cook every night.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i work for a online company from home.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing today ?
great , and you ? just working on some new cheers , i coach tonight
i am baking some bread for a gathering tonight .
what type of gathering ? we have family game night tonight !
we are hunters , and we are going to target practice tonight .
oh fun , we cook venison at least several times a week ! i love cooking
i love baking , as i am not a very good cook .
i cook big meals every night but honestly not much of a baker here
you are welcome to come with us and cook , i'll do all of the baking .
yes sounds lovely . . if i did not have cheer practice lol and family night
my younger sister is a cheerleader as well .
oh cute , i love watching the little ones learning
they are adorable , she's very skilled with a bow
persona
i don't work.
i hate tacos.
i like to swim.
i'm bald.
persona II
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i've a pomeranian.
i play the violin.
my older sister plays clarinet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are ya today
i'm am ok . do you have any pets ? i have a turtle and a pomeranian
no , i do not , i am allergic
that sucks . you listen to music ?
yes , i am a swim coach and nothing better than mood music for the races
oh really ? i am a music teacher . i teach piano and clarinet .
yep , its a volunteer position , i am retired now
what did you do before you retired ?
i was worked as a scientist actually specifically as a blood banker
sounds cool . are you married ?
no , widow now , are you married ?
i've been married for a 8 years . do you live in the united states ?
yes , southern california right on the median border
persona
i am a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
i love my dog.
i like to shop.
persona II
i'm allergic to nuts.
i am working on a biology degree.
1984 is my favorite book.
i love book.
i'm in college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
i am ok , all this homework is stressing .
oh man i know how that feels . i'm in graduate school now , too much homework
absolutely . i have a quiz tomorrow for my biology degree .
ah , good luck with your quiz
thanks , what are you studying ?
fine arts and design masters degree
cool . i'll be glad when i'm done so i can catch up on reading
i agree , reading is one of my favorite hobbies as is shopping . what about you ?
hanging out with my buds and reading . 1984 is a great book .
sounds like my kind of chill day . that title sounds familiar
the title speaks for itself lol
oh yea , now i remember haha
persona
i've a few pet iguanas.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i have a brother but we don't talk much yet.
i'm pretty poor financially.
persona II
i like the color purple.
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
i drive a fast sports car.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi
hey there , i do believe we never met . .
no , nice to meet you . what do you do ?
i believe . sorry . tell me about you , lay it out . all or nothing .
well , its just me and my pet iguanas . how about you ?
i was born in the wagon of a travelling show and i drive fast baby .
lol , , , i see . interesting . me , i'm working on my theory that dogs can read .
don't ask me to pay for dinner because they don't call be debbie decline for nothing .
ok . well , maybe we will have to make our own cause i'm pretty poor dollar wise
if i could turn back time i'd be rich .
well , its nice to talk . i have a brother , but we don't talk much .
make sure you call him on his birthday , they are important .
yeah , for now i'll just hang out and keep coming up with sassy names for my iguanas .
persona
i love hot wings.
i am a truck driver in the south.
i have three kids.
i sing in the church choir.
i grew up in the trailer park.
persona II
i have 3 science classes.
i work part time in the campus library.
i commute by bus.
i'm living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you have any kids ?
nope . second year college student taking biology , chemistry and physics .
oh that is nice . i've 3 of them . i wish i went to college .
its a challenge . you could always go back to school .
its a little late , i am a truck driver and i don't have time for school .
i wish i had a truck , then i'd not have to take the bus to school .
i used to take the bus a lot , living in a trailer in the south .
also , if i go to live in the dorms , i'dn't have to commute .
that's a good idea . there's always food around dorms too .
plenty of food , so i have heard . freshman put on  pounds , they say !
hopefully , there's a good wing place . i eat hot wings everyday .
how much do you weigh ? ! ! ?
about 300 , i'm starting to lose my breathe when i sing at church .
persona
i am one of four children.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i work some very odd jobs.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
persona II
i like to go swimming.
i've a garden in my yard.
my hobby is sewing.
i like to make fresh pies.
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how is it going ?
hi ! things are going pretty well . just killing time while pie bakes . how are you ?
pie sounds so good right now . i'm just resting from a hike
hiking is fun . i spend a lot of time outside too , usually gardening .
the outdoors are great . what do you like to grow ?
i've some apple and peach trees , and i grow lots of tomatoes
so stuff you eat . very cool .
i like food . i work at a grocery store , so i should lol
i work several jobs part time . i enjoy all of them
that's good . its important to like what you do . do you have other hobbies ?
i would like to start traveling . i have not even been out of the states
persona
i have a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
i never stop looking for love.
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
persona II
i have a cat named charlie.
i love nighttime.
my favorite food is pizza.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love spending time with my friends .
i love spending time with charlie my cat .
i have a cat named fred .
i am always up all night with charlie .
i'm up all the time talking to my 7 siblings .
that is a lot of siblings .
yea and i'm the youngest .
i'm trying on the new hoop earrings i bought .
do you have any guilty pleasures ?
pizza ! i would eat it for every meal if i could .
mine is mcdonalds , especially during shamrock shake time .
oh same . i usually go at least once a day for them .
i work at a pizza place on the weekends .
persona
i can play the piano.
my favourite colour is green.
i'm a baseball player.
i like to read books about chinese history.
my dog is called alfred.
persona II
i will never punch a clock again.
one day i played the lottery.
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
i'm rich beyond my dreams.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
chinese history is what i'm into with books
i'm done working
what is your favorite color ? i like green
i like blue but i am so rich i can like them all
piano is what i play as leisure
i used to be a telemarketer till i hit the lottery
and i play baseball as pastime . do you have a dog ?
no i've a cat
wow ! you can have my dog alfred . .
thank you i'd love that
what is the name of your cat ?
his name is sam and he is black
how about we switch with the pets ?
we could do that i do not care
can you dye his fur green ?
persona
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
persona II
i am a michigan state trooper.
i have two siberian huskies.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i have four daughters.
i play guitar.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i'm from syracuse . . . how about you ?
the mitten state , i'm a cop there
michigan ? cool . do you watch football ? i love the bills .
nah my daughters hog the tv
bummer . i have season tickets and try to go as much as possible .
you could take me with you
lol . . . . right ? i am still at union college . i have a ways to go .
how many pets do you have
2 dogs . . . arlo and dayton . you ?
i've two huskie puppies
aww cute ! do you travel ? i want to go to spain .
not really , i'm a pretty busy person
yeah , cops usually are . i'd love to teach overseas .
i could teach you guitar
oh , that would be awesome ! what kind of music ?
persona
i like to create art.
i love to work in my garden.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
my favorite band is ween.
persona II
i play guitar in the local band.
i'm the youngest of three brothers.
i have never been to the city.
my name is omar.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how is it going ?
i'm omar , its super awesome to meet you !
nice to meet you . i just finished working on my garden . what about you ?
i was just playing the guitar in a band that is local .
oh that's great ! whats the name of your band ?
oh ! its called never been to the city .
that's a strange name but edgy . i like it . do you have a favorite band ? mines ween
its gotta be the beatles , my two older brothers love them too .
an iconic band . can never go wrong with them
yeah , because i'm the youngest , its why i learned the guitar , like mccartney .
that is amazing . i've always wanted to play the guitar .
persona
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
i can be quite forgetful.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i was raised by two mothers.
persona II
i love starbucks coffee.
i have a cat named pickles.
i was a swimmer in college.
my parents met at woodstock.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how is your night going ? just sat here enjoying a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs
o really ? i am just waking up . about to brew some coffee
where are you ? glad its the time of day my favorite food is appropriate here haha
me and my cat pickles is about to go to work
wish my boyfriend would take me to work with him at nasa
wow . swimming is my specialty . ever since college .
really ? one of my two moms taught me to swim .
cool . i been told that i garden so i'm weird
that's not weird , but people normally think 2 moms is . i don't care what they think
noone opinion matters but yours . i love roses
i think i love roses , but i forget . i am forgetful sometimes .
you cant forget those . my mother and father had roses on their night
that sounds sweet . what else do you enjoy ?
you know i love swimming , gardening . i love working out as well .
those all sound like fun things !
persona
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i'm a humble baker.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
i look forward to retiring.
persona II
my house is located in the countryside.
i'm seventy one years old.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
my wifey always makes me smile
oh great ! how long have you been married ?
67 years . i really love all my beautiful kids
that is fantastic . i'm 71 years old myself .
by trade i am a baker , but quite humble ;
i love to grow vegetables . one of my favorites is carrots .
too orange ! when i was younger i tried to make it as an actor
fantastic ! i live out in the country .
my spouse always makes me smile
i love all different types of vegetables .
i'm 97 , i want to retire soon , looking forward to it !
you have had a long life . how many children do you have ?
17 i know of , i love all my kids , they are beautiful !
persona
i'm quiet but confident.
i m not really a blond.
i think food trucks are awesome.
my brother raised me after our parents died.
persona II
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i'm a lumberjack.
i love to cut down trees.
i love to fish.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how is your day going so far
i am doing good hope you are the same . just had some great pancakes and syrup
yummy i am eating a humongous bowl of cereal at the moment
hope you enjoy your cereal . i need a big breakfast . i use alot of energy being a lumberjack
damn that's a tough way to make a living
yes and dangerous . what do you do ?
i do physical labor as well at a concert venue
that sounds cool . i love concerts . what kind of music ?
mostly country but we get the occasional rap or classic rock show
i enjoy classic rock . do you like to fish ?
i do not fish but i love to get fish tacos at my favorite food truck
fish tacos are great . i enjoy fishing in my spare time . do you have a hobby ?
i have been taking flying lessons as i have great confidence in myself
that's an interesting hobby . would love to learn to fly . when do you get your wings ?
its a long process so i do not know when i will earn my license
persona
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i try to eat healthy or i do not eat at all.
its important for my instagram posts to look like i am having fun.
i want people to think i'm cool.
persona II
i recently moved to sweden.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you ?
i'm great ! currently looking for my glasses .
that is awesome ! what do you do for fun ?
well i love hiking glaciers . i just moved to sweden for ir
that's all great ! !
yea it is . i'm about to eat some lutefisk . ever had it ?
no , i never have . i do try to eat healthy though . is that healthy ?
yep its the best dish in the world . so tasty and healthy
that is awesome ! healthy is good for me !
marduk is having a concert this week . are you going ?
no , i am not . are you ?
persona
i graduated high school.
i drive a truck.
i live on a farm.
i've a beard.
i like rap music.
persona II
i'm in a local theater company.
my parents are divorced.
i'm a history buff.
i love animals and like working with them.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you and your family today
good . my parents are divorce so i've not talked to them today .
so are they separating completely from each other ?
yes they're . how are you ?
am fine but my dad is alcoholic and quarrelsome
that isn't good . do you talk to him a lot ?
when he is not drunk he is a good father and can care for me
i love animals and working with them and sometimes they can rehabilitate alcoholics .
i only take walks around the garden to stay away from him
do you walk a lot ? i like to read since i like history a lot
i move around and watch flowers and butterflies and they ease my mind
sounds peaceful . do you work ?
am still in college and will complete next year
persona
my favorite band is creed.
i am a carnivore.
i enjoy running.
my father is in prison.
persona II
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i like to cook stews.
i am a older lady.
i love to eat cheese.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . my name is sarah . i'm on my way to visit my father in prison .
i'm too old for prison . ai not got time for that !
no one has time for that . i do however enjoy the band creed . and you ?
frank sinatra . his voice is my gateway to heaven . any day now . . . still waiting .
oh wow . what do you do on your spacetime . i love to run .
i cook stews . the grandkids cough cough love em .
i love meats . how old are you ?
never ask a lady her age ! how rude .
do not take it too harshly . be happy about it . i am sure you lived a great life .
ya will just waiting for me to die . franky , i am coming for you !
i'll be here with open arms miss .
persona
i own a boat.
i've 5 grandchildren.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
i am a 70 year old man.
persona II
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i like to read true crime novels.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i travel every year to disney world.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey good afternoon how are you ?
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
i do 1 is fishing with my grandkids , i have 5
fun , i do not have kids . i do go to disney world with my brothers every year
really ? i should take all of them but i am old
you should they have lots of ways to get around .
who does ? my grand kids ?
disney world they have lots of options to move around the park
that is good since i'm 70
do you have any other hobbies , i like to read
yes just being on my boat alone
where do you live , near a lake or the ocean
i like to say it is the country
great , what did you do for work
i use to be a train conductor
persona
i dance ballet.
i am an only child.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
persona II
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
i've 6 toes on one foot.
i have glasses.
my favorite book is twilight.
i hate skiing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
i'm a college student
cool . i am a ballerina and teach sunday school like my mom used to
i am a nerdy person wearing glasses over my nose i broke in 5th grade
ouch . i was the nerdiest girl in my christian high school , all girls so it was rough .
high school a bad dream i was wierd with my foot having 6 toes .
yikes , i am sorry . do you have siblings ? i wish i had one to defend me in highschool .
no siblings but i read twilight and made me wish i was a vampire . my fav book
i did a ballet of twilight once ! its a great book .
wow i bet twilight would be great as a ballet .
yeah , it was . my sunday school students went and they loved it .
persona
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i like to hunt.
i love the tigers baseball team.
i am blonde.
persona II
my father is dead.
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my favorite color is yellow.
my boyfriend is in the army.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
hi how are you doing ? i lost my dad at a young age .
awe i am sorry . did he teach you to hunt before ? i enjoy hunting .
no but he taught me to play pool very good i am a pro at that .
awesome . i am a fan of the walking dead . you ?
yes great movie they have many parts though didn't see them all .
they do . i'm blonde so it can be a lot to take in .
aw that's okay which was the last episode . wised my dad could watch it .
i bet . did all watch baseball ? i really love baseball especially the tigers
aren't we supposed to use a certain character ?
yes i believe we are . are you not ?
persona
i was born in kansas.
i love chickens.
i work on a farm.
i know how to drive a truck.
persona II
i have lots of cash.
i am the president.
i have been bankrupt and back.
i used to own a casino.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i was born in the state of kansas , and you ?
i have a lot of money , you can't have any
i work on a huge farm , i love fresh chickens !
me president , maga ! ! , wheres ivana , put it on a chart
i know about driving trucks , but , you , president , i do not know about that ! ahahah
at one point i had no money , then i had money again , it was bigly
you are supposed to share your wealth ! do not be selfish !
let me tell you , i had casinos , many many casinos , very huge ! ! !
i like to gamble too , maybe i'll come and visit sometime !
did i tell you i had money , big big money , so big !
yes , i wish i was as wealthy as you are sir !
persona
i like my job.
i have a dog named george.
i used to work for a cable company.
i like going to the beach.
persona II
i've a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i was born completely deaf.
i am single and go on dates regularly.
i enjoy playing tennis.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! do you have any pets ?
i do ! i've a pug . how about you ?
aww ! how cute . what is his name ? i have a poodle named george !
george is such a classy name ! my dog is named name is corky .
that is a cute name . what do you do for work ?
i work in a mexican restaurant . how about you ?
i love mexican food ! i work from home . i really love my job
it is quite good . what do you do for fun ?
i used to work for directv cable company and i hated it ! i love the beach
my favorite thing to do is shopping , but the beach is also fantastic !
oh shopping is so fun ! where is your favorite place to shop ?
there is a great mall about an hour from my house but it is worth it !
cool ! i do not live near a big mall .
where do you live ? i am in chicago .
i live in raleigh
persona
i run track.
i wear glasses all day.
i take medication.
i love video games.
persona II
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
my favorite show is scobby doo.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how is your day ?
it has been great , how about you
a bit tired from my training at the track
o dang what type of track do you do ?
i'm a runner , i still have to take meds but they are not prohibited
nice that is good , i messed up my neck awhile back too .
playing sports or accident of some kind ?
i work as a bouncer at night and got into a fight .
do you have a day job as well as being a bouncer at night ?
during the day i work at a corner store .
video games keep my busy at night , not too good for my eye sight
yeah they can definitely be strenuous .
guess that is one of the reasons i wear eye glasses
persona
i am blue and tall.
i work for the navy.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i like to read.
persona II
i only buy convertible cars.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i have created my own personal religion.
i own four german shepherds.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , i'm jane , and a part of my skin is blue i'm 177 cm .
your skin is blue ? my names bill nice to meet you
yeah it was a dye i was using and it seeped into the skin .
lol why ? do you believe in ghosts
kids and dye and it got on me . lol i'm a recruiter for the navy
sick sick i created my own religion lol
what sort of religion is it ?
religion of dogs i own for shepherds
pretty good religion . i love to watch the voice
really ? whys that ? never watched
i love that show . i read a lot too . where i am rereading my fave lotr book .
saw the movies , do you believe in ghosts tho
no i don't believe in ghost .
i have seen them bro on several occasions
that's awesome that you saw them .
persona
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
i like watching videos of surgery.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
persona II
my favorite music genre is classical.
i play many instruments.
i like to travel.
i give lessons on string instruments.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
sitting here eating pistachio ice cream while watching videos .
sounds fun and filling ! what kind of videos ?
medical videos mostly about surgeries and britney spears . love her .
lol i like music , but my favorite is classical .
her music inspires me . i am very social , are you ?
yes , for the most part . i travel a lot with my friends .
i travel too ! meeting people from around the world is awesome .
it is one of my favorite things to do . that and anything with music .
do you go out to concerts or clubs ?
i go to concerts a lot . especially orchestras .
nice . i used to play violin when i was a child . but i quit .
i teach people how to play the violin and viola ! how cool !
do you play in an orchestra or just teach the instruments ?
i play and teach as well . it is my passion .
beautiful . maybe , one day i will play again .
persona
i own a hearse.
i work in a craft store.
i love to crochet.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
persona II
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
my wife makes the best pasta.
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i'm a happy person.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! wanna k bjorn ow something weird ?
i did not understand the question .
sorry ! do you want to know something weird ?
sure . it can't be weirder than me listening to pink while painting .
i drive my hearse on halloween scaring kids ! haha
i drive a station wagon to work in the morning . takes a hour .
that is a very long commute
well , if my mug of coffee is full it is all good .
lol . i drive bjorn k coffee while i crochet
my wife does crochet . she makes killer pasta too .
i like pasta . she should bring me some at the craft store
where are you ? we are in florida .
oh , i am in georgia . not too far
georgia is great this time of year .
yes it is . i'm loving the cooler weather
persona
i have a dog and two cats.
i live by myself.
i play the guitar.
i like country music.
persona II
i love to barbecue.
i'm a writer.
i live in springfield , mo.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
howdy , how are ya doing ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
i'm doing great . just living life with my dog and 2 cats . what about you ?
well , just trying to plan a bbq . i love it so much !
you do ! i love bbq , country music , and playing a 6 string guitar
i love to hunt with my brothers , we try to go multiple times a year .
i live alone , so i long for interactions like that .
i live alone also , i'm writing a book in springfield mo where i live .
what do you hunt for in springfield mo ?
with my brothers ? mostly marshmallows and cold ones lol .
that is really funny . you seem like a funny person . male or female ?
thanks , i'm pretty funny . i'm female .
that is really funny . you seem like a funny person . male or female ?
i like to keep a good outlook on life .
want to hear a joke ?
sure , lets hear what you got .
why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat ?
i do not know , why do they ?
because if they fell forwards , they would still be in the boat .
persona
i am the youngest of three brothers.
i play guitar in the local band.
i ve never been to the city.
my name is omar.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
persona II
i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
my name is frank.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
oh just relaxing and enjoying my time off from work in canada .
that is nice i live in ohio
frank is my name by the way . do you like to cycle ?
not that much i play guitar
i cycle and read , when i am not at work or relaxing on weekends in canada
that is cool i don't get out much
i manage a grocery store generally so i'm always around people .
that is nice i am on a farm
i want to qualify for an event or professionally compete at cow milking someday
that's awesome do you go to state fairs
sometimes , when i'm not uo in canada , relaxing
yeah do you have cows
yes , 100 of them . all dairy cows
wow do you have people to help you with them
persona
my favorite music is hip hop.
i work as a veterinarian.
i am a vegetarian.
my birthplace is spain.
i am married and have five children.
persona II
i just bought my first car.
i received a full scholarship to florida state university.
i am going to majoring in business.
i am eighteen years old.
i just graduated high school with honors.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i immigrated from spain but am learning to love this place .
hello , i am headed to florida state as a business major . do you go to school ?
i graduated before i got married and have a veterinarian license .
awesome ! my sister is a vet . i bought my new car myself .
i love animals so much i won't even eat meat . what kind of car is it ?
it is a mustang ! i am so excited , i love it .
we could not fit five children in a mustang , mini van for us .
i never want to have kids .
to each their own , i guess . do you like music like hip hop ?
i do , i love tupac . california love is my favorite .
that is a good one . it reminds me of songs we made up as kids in spain .
was it nice growing up in spain ?
rich with culture . not like the concrete jungles here .
persona
i am an artist.
i recently got a cat.
i love watching game of thrones.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
persona II
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i like folk music.
i work in marketing.
i love to hike.
my hiking boots are pink.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ? just finished some painting
very good , you ? i just hiked in my pink boots .
cool i get my exercise from walking
great . you might enjoy hiking then . its my favorite thing , especially the appalachian trail
if only i could take my nee cat !
you could bring the cat to my marketing firm
lets chat after game of thrones !
sounds great and we can listen to some folk music !
i need to finish this painting today .
what is the painting of ?
my new kitten watching game of thrones !
excellent ! maybe could you paint the appalachian trail for me ?
yes ! i could walk it for inspiration .
absolutely ! i could let you borrow my pink hiking boots if you like
perfect ! would make walking easier ! thanks .
persona
i ve been in a relationship for 2 years.
i work at a daycare.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
i am a college student.
my major is in business administration.
persona II
i like to shop.
i like to dance.
i love shoes.
i like pizza.
i like burritos.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you today ?
i'm good . i just got finished shoe shopping , how are you ?
i'm good thanks , i've just got back from college .
i miss college , my college had the best pizza . what is your major ?
business admin , although my dad is a dentist
do you think you will work with your dad ? running his business , maybe ?
hopefully that is my plan , i just work daycare right now
i work with kids as well . i am a dance teacher , i teach 3 year olds .
oh cool , my mums a teacher as well
wow , we have a lot in common ! do you have any pets ?
no unfortunately not , i would love to though
i have 8 dogs , they are the best . hopefully , you can get a pet eventually .
yeah i hope so to , my girlfriend doesn't like them though .
maybe you need a new girlfriend haha
well maybe but we have been together 2 years
persona
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i am the general manager of the local grocery store.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
my name is frank.
persona II
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
i work in a used book store.
i drink a lot of tea.
i hope to one day be a published author.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . how are you today ?
i am good thank you for asking . sipping some tea now
how nice . just finished cycling class .
cool . what do you do in your free time ? i write , usually short stories .
that is awsome . read a lot apart from my general manger job at the grocery store
cool ! i used to work in a store that sold a lot of books
i love getting lost in the books . sometimes travel to canada to relax
that sounds fun ! i also enjoy art museums .
that's amazing . ny has a lot of museums here
i would love to visit one day !
yes . highly recommend it . i've been here once and decided to move here
i should move there maybe i could become a publisher .
my good friend is an editor at simon and schuster
wow i hope to become one some day .
you will ! as long as you work hard at it , you will get there !
persona
i love watching tv and movies.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i work from home.
i like cosplay.
persona II
i'm a freshman in college.
i've never broken a bone.
i'm athletic.
i love cats.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , i cannot wait until the new season of game of thrones is on !
i hope you enjoy it i am with my best friend a cat named bandit
sweet , i like dogs . they like watching tv shows and movies with me .
nice it is my freshman first year of college .
oh nice , have you done cosplay before ? i personally love it !
no but i'm an active sports nut and have yet to break a bone !
knock on wood ! i prefer visiting renaissance fairs over doing sports .
those are so cool they just lack my most favored food , pizza .
yeah , no pizza back in those days . when i'm home working i like to eat pizza .
nice me too you have been very nice to chat with .
i learned to chat in character when doing cosplay !
i'm still learning so it might seem a little goofy
i admit that cosplay is a lot easier than the characters they give us here !
i wish i knew what cosplay was !
you dress up and pretend to be some superhero or other fictional character .
persona
i ve danced since i was two.
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
i'm a redhead.
i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
i can say the alphabet backwards.
persona II
i work in retail.
i love music.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
madonna is my all time favorite.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i like to dance
i do too ! i love old madonna dance hits the best !
i dyed my hair red today
omg i dyed mine too , purple and green for a rave concert saturday
i was fired from the bank a month ago
damn . we re you stealing from them ?
i can type really fast
is that why you were fired ? i work at a clothing store .
because i wanted to get married in france
they can t fire you for that . you should sue them
i would have quit anyway
i quit a job once so i could go to coachella i love it so much
what is your favorite fruit ?
cherries . what about you what s yours ?
i like blueberries but cherries are good too .
what s your favorite group or song ? i pretty much like everything . except rap
i lover rap music all day
i go to music concerts and festivals all the time , except for rap
i do not know if we can be friends
persona
i love cats.
my favorite food is pizza.
i've never broken a bone.
i am athletic.
i'm a freshman in college.
persona II
i work at the grocery store.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i'm vegan.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you
how are you doing tonight
great i just finished my first college class
i'm good thanks for asking that's cool what are you in school for
i'm going to be a vet
that is cool i want to be in the medical feild
i chose being a vet as i love cats
that is cool i love helping people and make them better
do you want to work in a kids field ?
yes i do i love kids
i am a coach for a kids team
persona
i already have 3 children.
i found out that i am carrying twins.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i am 26 years old.
i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
persona II
i look down on people who didn t.
i eat out more than three times a week.
i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
i work in finance.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
do you have any children ?
no . do you think the rich should be taxed ?
i'd not mind paying more taxes if i had a lot more money .
the taxes that i pay is cutting into my food money .
i hear that i have three kids and am expecting twins . imagine that food bill .
yes of course . i can't understand how people aren't rich though
i've to stay in bed for the next 5 months so i cannot work currently .
i understand . am a financial advisor for a forbes list corporation
do you have a degree in
i have a phd in business . i think everyone can accomplish the same thing
i'm only 26 and everyone says it is never too late to get an education .
i applaud you if you do . if not i would despise that of you
this is my last pregnancy as i've been sick daily for the past 3 months .
persona
i think i've talent for it.
since young i've loved to cook.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i did not pass the audition , but i'll keep trying.
i took classes while growing up.
persona II
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
i like going barefoot.
my sister is a guitarist.
i can knit.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you ? i am cooking lunch .
just finished knitting a scarf for my sister . you like cooking ?
i do like to cook , i do it for competition cooking shows like chopped .
wow that's impressive . do you use a cook book or just wing it ?
i just wing it , i like to cook cajun food and desserts .
now i'm hungry . i use cookbooks mostly . ca not be trusted to wing it .
ll , i took classes in new orleans . what is your favorite food .
homemade mac and cheese . pioneer woman style
i love reese drummond , i watch her show all the time .
never heard of her . do you like to read ?
yes i like to read james patterson .
i just realized the pioneer womans name is reese drummond . my favorite author is jane austen
okay that is good , i have never read any of her books .
persona
i like to paint.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i have 23 cats at home.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i m from california.
i like to be outdoors.
i m a student.
i like to shop at goodwill.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
are you a cat person ?
are you from california ? because i'm
i love ca , so many vegan restaurant options all over the state
i'm not really , i do not keep pets
i have 23 at my house , you want some ?
outdoor activities are what i'm into , even though i'm student yet
my best memory of the outdoors is traveling around the world on a boat
sure , i want one , to see if i'll like it to have pet
yeah i'dn't charge anything , i've too many , my house stinks
oh , that's the thing about having them around
i paint pictures of them too , kind of another hobby
wow , that's amazing , you are an artist
wish i could make money doing it
you can just make more out of it
need to pay for all the expensive vegan food
persona
i like to go fishing.
i have 5 children.
i've an internship at a computer company.
i'm a student.
my mom is a lawyer.
persona II
i never cook.
i like to dress up for other people.
i take great care of my skin.
i m an actress and i work at a grocery store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , will you go fishing with me ?
sure but only if you cook the fist for me . i don't cook .
you'd have to watch my five children while i cook .
can i take them to the grocery store ? i work there and do some acting too !
sure just don't loose them
can i dress them up too ? i enjoy dressing up for others .
i do not know , their grandmother is a lawyer , just so you know .
i was hoping she was a dermatologist . i m obsess with skin care !
that would be convenient right ?
yes , i like to take care of my skin !
i intern with computers so i've bad skin .
as an actress i've to have good skin !
sounds like a must i guess .
persona
i am married.
my husband is a cop.
teaching is my passion.
i love to read.
persona II
we drink beer and eat food.
i like football.
my friends like watching it to.
its great fun.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i'm great and you ? getting ready for a game of football
i'm doing good thank for asking
what do you like to do for fyn
i usually read with my free time
i play football , drink and eat pizza with my boys
what do you do for a living ?
i'm actually in my last year of college
what are you going to school for ?
i am getting my doctorate degree
wow that's very impressive . what for exactly ?
persona
i've a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i am single and go on dates regularly.
persona II
black coffee is my addiction.
my favorite hobby is gardening.
my family gets together every saturday.
i am 77 years old.
my husband died last year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi do you want to go hang out at the mall
no thanks , i have to tend to my plants .
ok another time i could take my dog for a walk i guess
we can go to public , i run out of coffee , need my black cup of joe .
coffee is great . do you think there are cute guys to check out ?
maybe . . . i'm ready to date again . my husband passed away last year .
sorry to hear . we could hang out and check the action
thanks . today i'm ok , i was with my family yesterday , will meet every saturday .
you need to get out . how about a game of tennis
cannot , i have arthritis everywhere ! i'm a young 77 year old lady !
my pug , corky has arthritis . it is painful
persona
i've flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
i studied business as my major.
my befriend is from out of town.
i have a younger sibling.
persona II
i like going to the moves.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i'm on a keto diet.
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ?
hello there , i'm well
now , where are you chatting from ?
i'm from a circus
mmm , i have never been there . i love to travel , but never heard of that place .
i love to travel as well , what else do you like to do ?
i enjoy playing hockey . i'm on a team with my younger brother . what about you ?
i like going to the movies and walk my dogs , do you like any other sports ?
not really . are you in school now ?
i am not , i work as a juggler , what about you ?
interesting . i just graduated with a degree in business . how long have you juggled ?
persona
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i love to work in my garden.
i'm an older guy.
i like to create art.
persona II
i like to work with acrylics.
i am in art school.
i aspire to paint murals.
my favorite class is painting.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi young fella ! how are you ?
my hobbies are working with acrylics , i'm fine
ah ! i like to work in my garden
i am in school for art , i really want paint murals for a living
i also like art ! i create a lot of it
so i guess i could say my favorite subject is class painting
as i'm getting old , i prefer cross stitching
what do you look like , i've blue eyes and blonde hair
i have white hair , i also have a pizza sushi in my mouth ! my favorite
how old are you ? i am 45
i like to say i'm at the golden age !
i really like sushi and tacos are really tasty
sushi ! i love it ! pizza too , as i said
i am going to italy soon to visit some art galleries
i'd love to go !
persona
i like ford cars.
my truck is black.
i've a ford f150.
i own a ford truck.
persona II
i have long flowing hair.
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
my least favorite music is country.
i drive a ford truck.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
i am grumpy . these people had me listening to country music and i hate it .
lol i love ford trucks
all these girls had short hair and cowboy boots but i just do not fit in .
why not . i've a ford black f150 truck
yeah i hate country music but i drive a ford . how ironic is that !
i know , i think the are the best looking trucks right now
thigh high leather boots are more my style and a skirt instead of blue jeans .
yeah that sounds nice , with pantyhose lol
i have real long flowing hair and i'm not cutting it just to follow a silly trend .
yeah you have got to do you
all these women look like kate plus 8 but its just not for me .
forget them , i am more into trucks than cars
persona
i blame myself for all of my problems.
i'm constantly drinking.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
if i am not drinking , i am thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i cannot hold down a job for very long.
persona II
i also like to mountain bike.
i live in vermont.
i have visited 12 national parks in the us.
i love to hike.
i'm an environmental activist.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey mate do you sipping the gin and juice , cause i do it constantly to forget
better drink in moderation mate
nah man , why moderate it if i cant hold a job for long ?
you should become a competitive drinker
i'd do it but my family loves me , however they keep away from me
you gotta hide from what you love i guess
we are on the same wavelength here
lets get wavey then dude
i like ya , tell me more about yourself
i like to ride bikes around
i ran over a kid with a bike , like all my problem i take the blame
persona
i have bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
i like to build furniture.
i clean houses for extra money.
persona II
i'm short.
i like to sew.
my hair is brown.
i'm not thin.
i've one cat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today ?
i am great ! just sewing a blanket . you ?
working on a new piece of furniture for a client
what kind of furniture ? i need a new chair . i broke mine since i am overweight .
building a custom couch this weekend
very nice . i need a couch that wouldn't attract cat hair . i've one lovely cat .
that might be challenging i've a house to clean next weekend
i hate cleaning houses . i always find my brown hair everywhere .
do you ever bowl ? i got lucky and got 300 before
nice ! i do not like bowling since i was made fun of for being short .
understandable . trying to find someone to go shopping for me i am scared since the hostage crisis
i am scared too ! we can face our fears together .
that would work . are you watching football tomorrow ?
persona
i drive a prius.
i love to read romance novels.
i was in the army.
i work in construction.
i have freckles all over my face.
persona II
i play the violin.
i have a pomeranian.
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my older sister plays clarinet.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there , how are you ?
i am doing great ! just hanging out here with my pomeranian . you ?
oh not much , just looking for a new car , i am thinking a prius .
sounds great ! do you have any hobbies ? what do you do for work ?
i was in the military for 2 years , now i'm a construction worker .
cool . i'm still in school , but i do a lot of stuff with music .
awesome , what are you studying ?
violin , which i'm hoping to make into a career . i have placed in a few competitions .
that is pretty cool , i cannot read music so i don't play anything .
music is a family thing for me . mom is a music teacher , sister plays clarinet .
that's awesome , my family are all military , so i followed suit
that's understandable . do you have any pets or hobbies that you enjoy ?
reading book , mainly romance novels . also , i have a horse . you ?
persona
i don't own any pets.
i lease my car.
my car is black.
i am a recruiter.
persona II
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
my wife and i've 2 children.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
we also have three dogs and two cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , how are you ?
i am good . just got the 2 kids to bed now hanging with my wife
no kids for me . what do you do for work
i work in healthcare as a physical therapist for a local rehab
if you are ever looking for a new job , i can help you .
are you a recruiter or something ?
yes i'm . are you looking for a new job ?
no i'm very happy right now but thanks anyway
if you change your mind , i can drive my lease over and discuss your options .
my wife works at a school as a nurse . maybe she will need help
yes please ask her for me . i want to get people in the best job possible .
i can ask her . my kids do not like that she works at their school
i can understand that . do you have pets ?
so many pets ! 5 total
i can take some off your hands , i have none .
persona
i am still a student , but i am gonna be a nurse.
i am the lead singer for an indie band.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
my horse never talks back to me.
persona II
i have three children.
i am named after my grandmother.
my best friend lives down the street.
i enjoy taking walks.
i drive a honda civic.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today
great ! my name is lucy , after my grandmother . whats yours ?
i am katana i am a nursing student at odu
nice to meet you . do you have any children ?
no kids just a pet horse
i have three . we go for walks to my best friends house down the street .
that's nice that you can live that close to your best friend
yea , it is . so do you have to drive to campus ?
yeah i live with some of my band mates
what do you drive ? i have a honda civic . what kind of band ?
i've an old pickup truck i am a vocalist its an indie group
persona
i work at the local bank.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i love collecting teapots.
i'm a cat person.
i have been divorced for 2 years.
persona II
i have 3 dog.
i've 2 kids.
my husband is a lawyer.
i love flowers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ?
hello . doing well thank you . just got done walking my 3 dogs .
wow you have alot of dogs .
and also 2 kids . a full house i've here .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
yes it is . husband is working constantly . he's a lawyer , not much time with him .
i'll bet . he sounds like he's busy with such a big family .
yes . what do you do for a living ?
i work with money . i like finances and such .
oh wow ! that's awesome . not very good with numbers .
what do you do for a living ?
persona
i am nearly 6 tall.
i drive a ford truck.
i have long flowing hair.
my least favorite music is country.
persona II
i am a doctor.
i like to play baseball.
my wife is a nurse.
i have 2 kids.
my favorite place is the mountains.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
i am great just got home from a long night of working , you ?
where do you work ? i'm good , just fixing my long hair .
at the hospital . in er . i'm a dr . it was a hectic night .
oh wow , i bet you have a lot of hectic nights .
i do and my wife works with me too she's a nurse .
that's cool you get to work together .
it is , hard on our 2 kids sometimes though
oh yes i bet . i do not have any kids yet .
what do you do with your free time ? i climb mountains
well i am trying to get into modeling . i am really tall .
being tall is good for modeling ! is that what you do for work ?
i do not have a job at the moment but working on booking one soon .
are you into any spots ? i like basketball , i play a lot .
i should probably play basketball but i haven't ever tried .
persona
i am a very funny woman.
i drive a honda car.
i own 3 cats.
i love candy.
i deliver packages for a living.
persona II
i am a college student.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
my major is in business administration.
i ve been in a relationship for 2 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
oh what are the haps my friend ?
hi , how are you ? i am great ! i am studying for school .
i've too many cats for school so i work for ups
i'm studying business . i love kitties .
what else do you do ? anything ?
my parents are big academics . i did not have a choice in the matter .
haha poor you . i am an academic and we are very funny folks .
in my free time , i date my boyfriend of two years .
would you date me ? i am a lady .
yes , my mother is a english teacher . dad pulls teeth all day .
high status professions ! lucky you
i am a true one person gal ! i only date my boyfriend .
that's very noble ! good for you . do you like honda ?
my mom had one for 12 years . the car lasts forever .
good i have a new one but i worry about my budget if it breaks
persona
i'm allergic to shellfish.
i like horseback riding.
i love going to concerts and dancing hard.
i work at a non profit that helps children.
my favorite food is cheese.
persona II
we are getting married in a park.
i am getting married next week.
my family hates my fiance.
my dog is the ring bearer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how was your day ?
awesome and yours
it was awesome ! i went horseback riding with some friends . you ?
went fishin with my buddies !
www , i wish i could ! i'm allergic to seafood
seafood or worms ? lol !
haha . both ! is that your favorite food ?
i prefer venison actually !
what is that ? i love cheese , especially goat cheese !
never had that before
oh its really good , especially with lamb burgers . what is venison ?
deer ya bait em and shoot em !
oh wow . i am an animal lover , so couldn't shoot one .
persona
i like to draw other people.
i like to drink tea.
i like to mountain bike.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
persona II
i live alone.
i live in portland , maine.
i'm an environmental engineer.
i like to take photos.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi what are you up to today ?
hi , alone , maine , engineer and love photography . you ?
interesting . . i'm in chicago , not much room for my mountain biking
i see . vera funeral info is posted on reddit . i'm an author . you ?
i've no idea what vera funeral is . . i'm an artists
yes there's . take lake shore drive . you sing ?
i do not sing , no talent there
i see . vera had all the talent . you do not know what a funeral is ?
yes i know what a funeral is . . unsure about vera . . what do you do for fun
hmmm . you take photos of anything ? i do .
nope , just draw ! mostly photos of people
hmmm . what line of work are you in ? i am an engineer .
i am in retail . . i sell tea and coffee , love me some tea
oh okay . i bet its great with bat meat . i photograph lakes .
bat meat . . doesn't sound appealing to me
persona
i am an actor.
i have been acting since i was ten years old.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
persona II
i love my girlfriend.
i work in a bookstore.
i dyed my hair pink.
i have an older brother.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening . how are you ?
i am good and you ?
good . just relaxing after a long day on set .
are you in movies then
yes . ever since i was 18
nice what movies are you in
i've done a few but mostly small ones
do you have any siblings ?
i have 3 . how about you ?
i have a brother that is all
excellent . do you two have any hobbies ?
we like to read books yeah
what is your favorite book ?
persona
i listen to country music.
i like to surf.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
my mother is a school teacher.
persona II
my husband died last year.
black coffee is my addiction.
my family gets together every saturday.
my favorite hobby is gardening.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
howdy brah , what do you like to do for fun ?
hi . i enjoy gardening and drinking coffee . how about you ?
i love the waves , what plants do you grow ?
awesome . i like growing tomatoes , cucumbers , lettuce etc . pretty much anything veggie .
my ma enjoyed veggies too , she taught the fifth grade
cool . i see my mom every saturday . we have family get togethers every saturday
that is nice , i'd meet up but that is when i train for my job
right . what job do you do ?
i was a mime of sorts wearing bright colors , can you guess ?
lol no i cannot guess . i do not know much about mimes .
think of the upcoming movie it !
persona
i love to work in my garden.
i'm an older guy.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
my favorite band is ween.
i like to create art.
persona II
i live walking distance from work.
i rent an apartment.
i do not like coffee.
i work in finance.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , what are you up to today ?
just thinking about how much i hate coffee . it is the worst !
oh no , coffee is my love ! although pizza sushi closely behind
pizza sushi , i can get behind but i walk to work everyday .
wow , very active ? i spend a lot of time in my garden
what do you grow ? is it anything . . . illegal ?
all very legal and healthy ! lots of veggies , some pumpkins . . .
just in time for the fall season . do you make the pumpkins into pie ?
i do ! which may sound weird for being a guy . . baking pies lol
gordon ramsey is a guy , you think he is weird for being a cook ?
well that's his career . . i spend many weekends baking around the house
i bet that makes your boyfriend really happy , cooking all the time
i keep him fat n happy ; i also create art for our home
oh do you do artistic nude paintings of eachother holding pies ?
i guess you could call it holding the pies . . .
persona
i was born 20 years ago.
my favorite color is blue.
i live in the usa.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
persona II
i can tell right away if i m going to like someone.
i love sunny days.
i love winning.
coffee is important to me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ? i am 20 years old
i am great . i think i am going to like you
i hope so , i use to be a boy , i love usa .
so you are trans ? so cool
yes i changed at 17 years old .
that is so great . life is beautiful . i love the sun
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i love brown . the color of my favorite drink coffee
cool , so tell me more about you ?
i love playing games so i can win
i like to listen an talk you never know who you may meet .
absolutely . that is a good point
oh cool , what kind of games ?
persona
i enjoy taking walks.
i've three children.
i drive a honda civic.
my best friend lives down the street.
persona II
i'm a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
i love most music except country and jazz.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how is your afternoon going
it is going well . just got back from the gym . how about you ?
it is okay i will take a long walk in few minutes
do you like tv ? i am torn between jeopardy or forensic files tonight .
no i don't like tv unless my children like to watch it
what about music then ? i love everything except country and jazz .
i am okay with music i like classic
read any good books ? i am really digging middlesex as of late .
i like books mostly non fiction i love novels
novels are simply amazing .
yes they're i try to read novels to my kids ever night
after i get home from racquetball , i just love to curl up with a good book .
do you play sports
persona
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
my favorite book is twilight.
i've glasses.
i hate skiing.
persona II
i love the outdoors.
i wear contacts.
i'm very smart.
i work as a janitor.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , do you want to read my favorite book to me ?
i sure would not mind doing that i just need to slip on my contacts
that is fine , hurry up .
i like going outside . where are you from ?
i live most of my life at school .
aw that is pretty cool i did well in school
what grade was your favorite ?
i felt like i was smarter than everyone else so i left early
that isn't really good . i was waiting for you to say 5th
yeah that is around the time i left . do you work ?
i am a teacher , i thought i made that clear
oh i am sorry i still haven't put my contacts in
that is fine . maybe you should have stayed in school .
yeah then maybe i would not be a genius janitor
maybe not . maybe you should wear glasses like me .
persona
i've been in 3 triathlons.
my daughter just graduated college.
i like snowboarding.
i've only one child.
i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.
persona II
i've danced since i was two.
i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
i'm a redhead.
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening , hows it going ?
oh good , just planning a wedding unemployed , aka frazzled and stressed ! lol
ha ha , your wedding or someone else ?
my own . we got engaged in paris . . . but that was when i was still employed !
well , hopefully your marrying into money , then it won't be a problem ;
haha , not quite . dancers not exactly raking in big bucks . but we met growing up
awe i love a good love story , my daughter just graduated and is now planning hers
aw that's fun ! what do you do for a living ?
i run triathlons , practice ever morning for 2 hrs . the race is my favorite .
wow ! makes me tired just thinking about it . i used to work in banking
i've a friend i snow board with who is a teller in bank
i was a little higher up more stress , more responsibilities . . . more layoffs !
no kidding ! right ? that is the downside of the workforce
persona
i have driven a race car before.
i'd like to try sky diving.
i sometimes get into fights.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
persona II
i sing in a punk band.
i sometimes write poetry.
i want to visit the uk.
i like to skate.
my favorite color is black.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing today ?
i'm pretty gnarly . just got back from skating with my bros .
oh wow that sounds like fun . i want to go sky diving .
noah . that would be so sick ! ! ! i wanna skydive in the uk !
yeh i would love the adrenaline but i am terrified of heights
i am not afraid of anything . i wear a lot of black to show i am tough .
haha what does black have to do with tough ?
its dark . but i am also sensitive and write banging poetry .
i see and poetry sounds like a lot of fun to write .
totally . i sing in my punk band . sometimes we use my poetry .
wow what an interesting life . the only thing i did was drive a race car .
that is pretty sweet dude . do you have a job or something ?
no i'm currently taking my boards for pharmacy .
persona
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i am a musician.
i like to write my own songs.
my best friend is in a band with me.
persona II
i'm seven years old.
i like to play soccer.
and , my best friend is calden.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ? listen to music ?
yes , i love disney radio
i used to listen to that one ! i take guitar lessons since kindergarten .
cool , i was in kindergarten two years ago . i am 7 .
nice meeting you , spend as much time at home now that you can , i wish i could .
i do , i hang out with calden and play soccer , he is my best friend
i've a off too ! we play in the same band , and i'm the songwriter .
you are so cool , i hope to be that cool some day
thanks ! all musicians are cool , what do you want to be when you grow up ?
a vet because i love dogs
i love animals too ! but i cannot have any , i wish i had the time .
i'm not very smart i got rejected from the gifted program at school
i did too ! you do not want to be with all those nerdy kids .
you are right , those kids do not play soccer
but they play several instruments
persona
i went to stanford.
my favorite food is pizza.
i play soccer professionally.
i've a wife and a 4 year old son.
my idol is thierry henry.
persona II
i like to work puzzles.
i love country music.
i'm a teacher.
my dad worked for home depot.
i am an aspiring fiction writer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you like football , i used to play professionally
oh , what position did you play ? which team ?
i played with thierry henry for arsenal . . . lol
fun ! you want to go out country dancing tonight ? i love that music .
omg hate that , but yeah i love clubbing , we can get a pizza before
okay sounds good . ca not stay out to late as i teach tomorrow .
oooh where do you teach , i got my degree from stanford
i teach middle school math in missouri .
i must send my 4 year old to you , my wife is looking for a better school
yes i'm a good math teacher but i really want to write fiction .
you can write about my hero thierry henry !
maybe . . hehe . . i did take an online math class from stanford from dr . boiler .
ooh ooh i went there , he taught me too ! and we ate pizza ! ! !
well at least i did not have to work at home depot like my dad did .
yeah that sucks , my wife works there hates it
persona
i've never been out of the country.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
i have never been to college.
i love to go hiking.
i am a bank teller.
persona II
i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i think i have talent for it.
i took classes while growing up.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have an iphone and hiking . i work in a bank but didn't go college
do you like to cook ? i auditioned in a cooking show .
i don't like it because i never have the time to go outside america
i think i've a good talent for cooking . i did not pass the audition though .
why you love cooking but did not pass ?
i took classes when i was younger , but they thought i needed more
why you took it you should be good ?
there was one person better than me , but i will keep trying to pass
yes that's the spirit you should try it
do you like working at a bank ?
no i hate money i have so many
do you have the newest iphone then ?
i do not have but i will soon
did you say that you like hiking ? why ?
yes i love nature how about you ?
persona
i enjoy hiking.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i've borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
so what are you doing today ?
i am sitting at my desk trying to earn a few extra dollars .
cool . i am going hiking .
i've never been hiking because i am afraid of ticks .
that's understandable . i also like to paint !
i like to paint rooms of my home but not portraits .
oh , have you ever watched bob ross ? maybe he will inspire you .
yes , my daughter loves to watch his program . he was awesome .
he was . he was my favorite artist .
i have no favorite . i am simply not crafty . i'd rather be outside .
i like to go outside too . but i spend the day as an accountant !
i'm a gemologist but currently looking for change .
my mother owns a fashion brand . maybe you can work with her .
maybe i will meet her one day .
i hope so ! see you around .
persona
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i'm an actor.
now i am a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
persona II
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
i live in a big city.
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
sometimes i go to yoga classes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you today ? what is something interesting you do or like ?
i was just thinking about summer in italy , it was a great vacation .
italy is beautiful . i was there when i was 18 filming my first movie .
really ? my first movie is what made me start taking yoga classes .
are you an actor too ? i was 10 when i really started .
nope , office worker , 9 to 5 . its in a big city .
that sounds dull . at least you get to travel .
i know , its fun going to yoga classes , sometimes !
yoga is great for the body and mind . it helps me with my current role .
is your current role in the big city where i live ?
it is a telenovela set in new york , but we rarely film there .
wow , i hope they film in the office where i work .
there are some office scenes , what is your office , i'll pass an idea on .
persona
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i am a zookeeper.
i work with my wife.
persona II
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i am close to both of my brothers.
i travel every year to disney world.
i like to read true crime novels.
i've two dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
can you watch my two dogs while i go to disney ?
maybe . what do you do for a living ?
cool . unemployed . i go every year with my two brothers .
oh , i work at a zoo .
just kidding . i'm a secretary for my husbands insurance company .
my wife works at the zoo with me .
did you read the true crime novel about the columbus zoo ?
i've not read that .
it was so scary , i screamed and scared my two dogs .
oh wow . that sounds like a terrible book .
no . you should read it . i love true crime novels .
what other hobbies do you have ?
just going to disney every year . you ?
i just got back from disney last week !
persona
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
my best friend is my dog allie.
persona II
i work at a hotel overnight.
pop is my favorite music.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i enjoy video games.
i write in my spare time.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . are you looking forward to halloween as much as i'm ? its so close !
hi ! i'm looking forward to halloween . i still need a costume though .
what will you be ? i cannot wait to dress up . so fun !
i think i might be princess peach from the super mario brothers video games .
love it ! me and my vestie , my dog allie , are going to be wheres waldo .
that sounds really fun ! will your dog wear a hat ?
ya , and hopefully the glasses too . she's pretty cooperative so fingers crossed .
so cute ! i hope she gets some awesome dog treats if she goes trick or treating .
ya me too ! so , do you have any hobbies ?
i really like writing . i write short stories for my friends .
that is so cool . i love watching the clouds . its cathartic almost .
how cool . do you look for shapes or just watch them pass ?
both . when i bike to work i've to remind myself constantly not to cloud watch !
haha ! that could be dangerous ! i work overnights so biking to work would be tough .
maybe even dangerous too . do you bike ? i just got a new red bike .
persona
i grew up in the deep south.
my mother was a piano teacher.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ?
i am good thanks and you ?
i'm good too thanks , what is your family like
my brother is in a famous band
oh wow , my mother is a piano teacher so we both have a musical family member haha
is your wife a professor then ?
no she'sn't . is yours ?
no my brother plays metal music
ok . where did you grow up ? i was raised in the deep south
i was raised in europe then moved to america
wow did you move here for a job ? what do you do for money ?
no i was only a baby i was 5
ok so what do you like to do in your free time ? i love hunting .
i go to school i graduate soon
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
persona
my favorite color is purple.
my favorite band is worn.
i own a home.
i like swimming.
persona II
i sell cosmetics in my spare time.
i'm a special ed teacher.
and , i love psychoanalyzing my friends.
i've two sons that i'm raising by myself.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how ar you doing ?
how are you to day
i'm good what hobbies do you have ?
i'm doing good and you
i'm good do you like to swim ?
i love to bake and play sports
that's fun what do you like to bake
cookies and cakes and cupcakes and yes i love to swim
yum ! what music do you like ?
i love country musica
i am really into the band korn
persona
i'm a soccer player.
i'm a goalie.
i joined a new team last month.
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
persona II
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
my favorite color is blue.
my mother was a piano teacher.
i grew up in the deep south.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today ? are you new here ?
i am great , about to head out into the woods deer hunting .
that sounds like fun . . . is that something you do a lot ?
oh yes , my passion ! along with piano playing . . my mom taught lessons
i really love piano . . . and soccer . . .
oh nice , do you play on a team ? do you work ?
yes . . . a new team last month . . . being a goalie is my work . . . you work ?
i'm a cook . . mexican is my favorite . i cannot stand seafood
i hate seafood too . . . mexican food is the best
yes , not usually great for you either
no but i work it off playing soccer in my cleats
oh yes you do . i get a workout trekking through the woods with my gear
i bet you do . . . that is a lot to carry
but very rewarding when i feed my family with venison
i bet they love it . . . you sound really happy
persona
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
persona II
i want to be an explorer.
my favorite color is blue.
i do not like my job.
i visit india often.
i'm an athlete.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , nice to meet you . where are you from ?
i am in florida but i travel to india frequently . you ?
i live in washington state and i am a crazy night owl
i do too but my job which i detest makes me work days .
where do you work ? i still study at law school and i don't go out much
i work for a computer company . i would rather be an explorer tho .
i do not explore much , but i do play ultimate frizz bee with my friends
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i am color blind so i can only see shades of blue , apparently .
ah . sorry to hear that .
no worries , i do not really know what i am missing .
how is the weather up there ?
i love it , i think it is perfect , you ?
the weather , i hope finally cooled off . its been hot here .
i do not like the heat at all .
persona
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
i like to watch mma.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
persona II
since young i ve loved fashion.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello names todd and my baby is my bowie knife
oh . my name is gigi . how are you ?
fine just cooked up some bacon and egg sandwiches you
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
yeah i go to the gym weekly
i'm in to fashion and love to shop .
my dream is to be a cop like my uncle
oh cool . i want to be a fashion designer .
well my true idol is in ufc
are you in a relationship ?
no my only girl is my protein shakes
oh . i've been seeing this guy for a few months .
lucky i try to keep fit so i can protect the girl i date
i am not sure if he is the one though .
i got close to engaged before but she wasn't the one apparently
persona
i've a dog that has behavioral issues.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i love beef.
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i'm in a very intimate and loving relationship.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i also like eating sushi.
i'm studying for my master s.
cooking is one of my pass times.
i'm a student in social sciences.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing alright , just finished cooking dinner . you ?
i've been playing my guitar .
that sounds nice . do you play often ?
yeah , most dogs . i also play video games .
i am not super into video games . my partner is , though . i mostly study .
i meant most days ! i cannot type .
i got you , do not worry !
what do you do for a living ?
right now i am just working towards my masters degree
oh , i've a degree in business .
cool ! i'm working towards a public health degree myself .
i do miscellaneous jobs from home .
are you trying to find a full time job ?
no , i enjoy what i do now .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i do not like animals.
i like to role play.
i am a morning person.
i love cars.
persona II
i have two border collies.
i speak french and english fluently.
i'm an artist.
i enjoy hiking.
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
whats up ! ! ! i love pizza so much
me not so much . i eat a few bites then toss it to my border collies .
oh . . . dogs . i cannot say that i like animals . . at all
i love em . i've mollie and tarter sauce and i take them hiking with me .
i'll just role play that i went hiking lol
you role play for therapy or pleasure ?
just for fun , sometimes i pretend i am a slice of pizza
oh another performance artist , just like me ! where you live ?
i love all sorts of cars , so i just travel the us living in cars
what does that have to do with where you live ?
i do not live anywhere ? i'm a nomad
oh my ! i'm going to move from tx to az next month and its freaking me out !
i like traveling in the warm states
persona
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i play a lot of video games.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i love cats.
i m a lesbian.
persona II
i love the summer.
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i work at a animal clinic.
i love mexican food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
hello , how are you ?
i'm doing just fine , just beat my friend in a video game
nice . congrats . did you share it ?
no , i didn't because i do not like to brag lol
my son shares everything he does .
lol , my girlfriend and i love playing video games
yeah . my husband keeps trying to get me to play . i d rather tweet .
i bet youre considered normal for having a husband
i guess so . i don t worry about what is considered normal .
i wish i was normal , people think i am disgusting
well . people are often disgusting , so don t worry about it .
i'm saying people treat me like i have a disease since i'm lesbian
there s nothing wrong with you . it s them that have the issue .
sometimes i wish i wasn't living , my own parents don't even like me
persona
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
i've recently started working as a freelance designer.
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
my inspiration is classical music.
persona II
i am a lawyer.
i don't own a television.
my hobby is photography.
i live in the mountains.
i know how to pilot a plane.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
are you looking for any kind of design advice by any chance ?
i'm not currently , do you work in design ?
i love traditional style and i'm working as a freelance designer . what do you do ?
i work in a firm as a lawyer .
do you work for dreamworks ? i really want to work for them
i don't actually . do you have any hobbies ? mine is photography .
well you know i love design , but i also love animation and classical music
very cool . i have also learned how to fly a plane . it is very freeing .
noah , that's so awesome . take any cool trips ?
yes i visit the keys quite often . its a change of pace from my moutain living .
and you get to fly in there ? that's insane
yes , i own my own plane . its nothing fancy , but its nice to own my own .
well if you ever need any kind of design advice for that , let me know
persona
i work at a doctors office.
i am single.
i love dogs.
i enjoy reading.
my favorite flower is a lily.
persona II
i also love to travel.
my dad works offshore.
i love the chainsmokers.
i love to play tennis.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i am great ! just enjoying the catchy tunes of the chainsmokers . you ?
i am reading . i love to read
me too . reading anything good ?
just short stories . i've a lot of time to read
i read all the time . i travel a lot and read tons on my flights .
do you have any single friends ? help me .
all my friends are single .
well so am i . lets get this going .
ll . where are you from ?
i'm not sure really . you ?
persona
i'm a vegan.
i love game of thrones.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
i like soccer.
persona II
i want to climb mount everest.
i've shot a lion.
i like to play with clay models.
i am not a good artist.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what did you do this morning ?
shot a big lion on mount everest , you ?
oh my gosh ! how horrid ! i believe in treating animals humanely
i am sorry to hear that ! i play with models of animals made of clay haha
that's a lot more humane . i don't eat meat or animal products
just vegetables for you my man ?
yes . especially mashed potatoes . those are the best !
i love them , do you ever do art ?
i wish i did it more . i sometimes paint . you ?
what do you paint usually ? i am not great at art .
i paint pictures of soccer balls . i know that is strange but i love soccer
soccer is fun , i played when i was little .
do you like watching any tv shows ?
i like the show game of throne it is good , but i prefer trying art .
i love that show ! khal drogo is just too hot
persona
i never knew my dad.
i work at a bookstore.
i've three tattoos.
my mom is a nurse.
persona II
i love to dance.
i enjoy reading history books.
i grew up in new hampshire.
my favorite food is mexican.
i am a teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing ?
i am great ! thank you for asking !
what are you doing for the weekend ?
i'm going dancing . i usually do . what about you ?
i'm going to read . i have access to tons of books from work .
i teach books galore ! good thing i enjoy reading .
yay ! after some reading i'd probably go dancing too .
is your favorite food mexican ?
yes actually i like it a lot .
you were not my next door neighbor in new hampshire were you ?
aha i wish . i like new hampshire but i'm not living there .
no i grew up there . anyway , i teach history my favorite subject .
that's wonderful . i work in a bookstore where i can basically read anything .
persona
i grew up on a farm.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i like going to rock concerts.
on weekends i go out with friends.
persona II
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
i started taking beauty classes too.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , wanna go to a concert with me ?
hi ! sure ! i love concerts ! who are you going to see ?
rock ones mostly . you could pick the show , if it on not on the weekend .
i like watching tutorials on youtube for makeup , are you male or female ?
a man . we did not have youtube on the farm .
i learned how to do my own others makeup on them .
will you do mine ? i would like that
i just started my own channel to share tutorials on makeup , 50k subscribers !
do my makeup and you'll have 9000 mullion subs .
just started taking cosmetology classes , you can be my model .
great . i can be a beautiful man for you .
haha we will just do some contouring and highlighting your features
and then we can go to some concerts .
perfect , that sounds like a great idea , what else do you like ?
traveling , eating , concerts , women , puppies
persona
i like to take photos.
i love to hike.
i live in portland , maine.
i live alone.
persona II
my wife stays home with our kids.
i hate tofu.
we own our home.
i work for a large law firm.
i drive a prius.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you doing today ?
my wife is fixing us tofu but i hate that stuff . i am good how are you ?
i'm fine , i'm about to go on a night hike
that sounds like fun . i guess i will stay home and eat tofu
i wish i could send you a photo while you eat , i love taking photos
i consider myself an amateur photographer myself . i am pretty good at it .
that is so great . where do you live ?
i work at a huge law firm so photography cant beat that salary .
i live in portland in maine , so there are quite a bit of beautiful subjects to photograph
i live in antarctica . we own a nice house here . where are you from ?
there must be great subjects for you to photograph , too !
lot of good photographic scenic places in antarctica too
i love tofu , by the way . i live by myself , so i've to cook for myself .
all of the underground caves and lakes that most people don't know about
those sound gorgeous . the leaves are turning here , so it is great
persona
i love to shop.
i have a lot of friends.
i drive a bmw.
i'm single.
persona II
i m originally from london , england.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i am a model building enthusiast.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , want to go shopping ? a few of my closest friends are coming along .
sure , where do you want to go ?
anywhere ! single and free , look at me !
maybe later tonight we can go to a great comedy club .
i'd love that . let us take my bmw .
since it is early lets get some fish and chips and go to the local park .
yum . i do have to watch my waistline , though .
no way , you look good .
do you mind if i bring a few friends ? just a few , maybe 8 10 .
not all crowded into your bmw i hope . lol
oh , no . just for lunch at the park .
yea , that would be ok to invite your mates .
we are still going shopping , right ?
of course . let me go to get ready . pick me up in 30 .
ok . i will be there soon .
persona
i love animals.
i work for peta.
i make 50k a year.
i'm a vegetarian.
i like to make clothes.
persona II
i like to smell my own farts.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i am from san fransico.
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my name is gail , short for abigail . what is your name ? do you have pets
my name is steve ! no pets , my mother made me too fat to care for them
lol i mean i am sorry . . . try a vegetarian diet . . i use to weigh 500 lbs . not anymore
wow ! i do drink a lot of beer , so a vegetarian diet should be easy
yep ! i work for peta so i have 300 cats . i make their clothes from willow bark
do you make them sweaters ? you must need a whole forest .
cats love sweaters but my income is limited to 50k so i only make socks and t shirts
do you think willow bark would trap the smell of my farts or be airy ?
willow bark has to be processed in a pond before it can be spun into fiber
that makes sense , so the cats don't get their feet wet
my cats are too busy training for the olympics to worry about wet feet
are they gymnasts ? it is a huge trend here in san francisco
oh i heard about that . . . no . . . they are bob sledders
persona
my father is dead.
i play piano.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to go to the movies.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to take drives in the country.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , would you forgive your friends if they destroyed your new car ?
probably , but it would take some time for sure . do you like harry potter ?
to a certain extent i do like him but not very much
the movies are okay , but the books are so much better .
my dad is a die hard for him too
that's awesome ! it is hit or miss i suppose .
every weekend he has to watch a movie for harry potter
that is funny . my dad and i usually go out to eat out every weekend .
for us we dine out on birthdays or when mum and dad are happy
dining out is where my family and i usually bond with one another .
it is a sign that shows that our parents are happy
they typically are . eating and driving in the country makes my parents happy on weekends .
i will also do it when i grow up
i'd highly recommend it !
will you also do it when you grow up ?
persona
my favorite activity is fishing.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
i can t go a single day without eating ice cream.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
persona II
i am a roofer.
i always have a beer after work.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , do you like fishing ?
heck yeah , i cook mine like my steak , well done !
my dad used to grill steak , he was a cop until he got murdered .
wow that is a stressful job i have to have a beer after work !
i drink beer while floating down the river . you ever go rafting ?
yeah i do , i drive my chevy with a lift kit down for the weekend
driving is cool but i like running .
well i get most of my exercise from my job as a roofer
i ran a 4 minute mile once , maybe less .
that's crazy you run fast then i can
yeah , i'm kind of a big deal .
that's cool that your so confident in your character .
i think so , do you like ice cream ? i eat it every day .
i like it i just can't eat it every day . i like to starve myself
that does not sound like fun .
persona
i'm a strong woman.
i like doing art projects.
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
i travel a lot.
persona II
my favorite season is spring.
i enjoy walks on the beach.
i am a graphic designer.
i am currently single.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good evening how are you tonight ?
i'm good but would be better if it was spring you ?
good i don't mind fall , but come winter , i am going south
i love the beach so i'll come with yu
sounds good . i love having friends and family around
me too but i am single
i like traveling with family or alone
zi love to graphic design but don't make money
i never learned much about graphic design but love art
that sounds like an interesting topic
do you mean graphic design or art ?
both are very cool i think
so are you a graphic designer now ?
persona
i'm in a local theater company.
my parents are divorced.
i am engaged to be married.
i'm a history buff.
i love animals and like working with them.
persona II
not a day goes by that i don't drink four mountain dews.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
my favorite hobby is chess.
i just dyed my hair hot pink with purple highlights.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am in a local theater company
hi ! nice ! guess what colors i just colored my hair ?
is it black and white like my favorite animal ?
hot pink with purple highlights ! what is your favorite animal ?
i'm in love with pandas .
are you sure you don't like aliens ? movies with aliens invading us yay !
haha i'm more of a history buff than sic fi
do you have other hobbies ? i love chess !
i enjoy acting in a theater .
is this professionally or just a hobby ?
it is more of a hobby than anything . too busy planning my wedding to do it professionally .
congrats ! what an exciting time ! where are you getting married ?
in a local venue , small wedding with close friends and family . are you married ?
persona
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
i did not finish college.
my dad was a preacher.
my car is over 20 years old.
persona II
i love my pet dog more than anything.
i like early 2000s indie music.
i m picky when it comes to food.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
my temper is pretty short.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . i'm a dragon
my dog is my life . yo have pets ?
i've a super old crappy car
i love indie music . you ? early 2000s was the best .
my dad used to preach , i dropped out of college
i'm a picky eater . you ?
i don't eat much , i am too fat
i hope to be a teacher in the future . you teach ?
i like the last of the mohicans
some people say i've a short fuse temper . are you hot headed ?
i am super fat . i need to work out
i don't eat all or everyone food . are you vegan ?
i love to be vegan , it is hard though
i'll be a teacher tomorrow . you sing ?
i love singing , it kills people though
persona
i'm training to be a welder.
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
i'm starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i love riding roller coasters.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
persona II
i work on cars for a living.
i enjoy fishing.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i live alone.
i watch a lot of tv.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , how are you ?
i'm doing good and yourself ?
i am good . . . watching movies and eating popcorn . typical friday .
i watch tv all the time
watching shows is my main hobby when i'm not doing my welding training .
i love fishing and working on cars
i'm not big on fishing but i can fix up a car too .
what do you for a living ?
i am in construction . i'll be starting a new project next week . you
i work as a graphic designer
nice . . . i never had much of a brain for computers .
persona
i think i ll be famous one day.
i like to dress up for other people.
i never cook.
i m an actress and i work at a grocery store.
persona II
i try to watch what i eat.
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
my name is tom.
i am east asian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i am going to be famous tonight .
get out ! me too ! all work and no play make me i'll . you ?
i got to dress up for other people tonight .
hello ? tom here . love pizza when not working out . you ?
hopefully i will meet one so i never have to cook
meet one what ? i also love calzones .
a lady . i'm an actress and i work at a grocery store
wow ! you know any other east asian toms ? you sing right ?
i do sing and do you like rap music ?
some of it . i have to diet . do you ?
yes my favorite is tupac . i wish i was like he was .
do you boo ! you like pizza ? i do ?
since i don't cook pizza is a must .
i see . did tupac have a line of pizzas ?
no . i'm a vegan so i hate the meat section at work .
persona
i like to make short films.
i have traveled overseas many times.
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i've been on the tv news six times.
persona II
i'm a hippie.
i drive a large , blue van.
i have curly , red hair.
i love to recycle.
i have two tattoos.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
have you ever been overseas ?
i wish . i travel by van .
you could put the van on a ferry ! have you been to the southeast usa ?
i have not . how it is there ?
i do civil war shows for tourists . it is a beautiful part of the country .
what is that like ? i've never been .
i dress up like an army soldier and the local news covers it . you can watch .
what channel is it on ? i can go to a restaurant to see it .
my mother is the news anchor , channel 5 . what restaurant do you like ?
i don't have a lot of money for restaurants , but i don't have a tv .
do you work at a restaurant ? i have made a film about a restaurant .
i'm on the road a lot
where do you go in the van ?
i go everywhere . i live there .
that must be really freeing . i should go with you and make a film .
persona
my parents do not really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
i've three children.
i like to cook.
i moved to america when i was 14.
persona II
i like to play football.
i have beard that's longer.
i own a dog that's small.
i like to ride my bike.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good . just got in from a run w my dog . what about u ?
doing well , about to cook dinner for my kids .
whatchy cookin good for dinner ?
i was thinking about one of the traditional italian dishes my mother taught me
that makes me hungry ! my dog keeps pawing at the keys . my little happy .
www that is adorable how old is he ?
just turned 1 . i got him when i started growin out my beard .
i love dogs , they are like children but furry lol
i agree . he goes everywhere . he even tries to play football with me .
my son likes football . i might consider getting him a dog
oh yeah . most def nothing better than a dog and his boy .
i'm sure he would love a dog . my girls , though , i'm not sure what to get them
ink but if decide to get em cats get the puppy and kittens at same time .
yeah , that would probably be a good idea , so they would grow up together
persona
i like cupcakes.
i like to read.
i work at a grocery store.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i currently suffer from social anxiety.
i'm a geology major at alabama university.
i never have had alcohol in my life.
i have a girlfriend of 7 years.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! what are you up to ? i am doing what i like best , eating cupcakes !
hi i am winding down from a day at work .
so am i . the local grocery store is where i work . what about you ?
i also work in the retail industry at the local department store .
other than eating cupcakes , reading is also what i like to do to wind down .
i like to read also and play with my dog . do you have a pet ?
i do . i named him blue after my favorite color . what about yours ?
what kind of pet is he ?
he's is a yorkie . he's actually a show dog . what about yours ?
how old is your dog ?
he is 10 . sadly , i think he is also getting i will and may not live very long .
i am very sorry , i understand , we noticed gray hair on our dog yesterday .
so do you have any children ? i've three .
how nice . no children just nieces and nephews
are you married ? i have been married for 30 years !
persona
i type one handed.
my favorite hero is flash.
i prefer summer.
i don t like dresses.
i love butterflies.
persona II
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm good just listening to the radio . spotify radio based on drake . how about you ?
awesome watching flash , he's my favorite of the super heros
do you enjoy cooking or going out to eat more ?
i like both equally i'd say , and you ?
i like both but a dinner i do not have to clean up after is a real treat
very true ! what is your favorite season ? mine is summer .
i think fall , i enjoy making fall season dishes .
cool , i can only type with one hand .
what has happen to your other hand ?
i hit all the wrong keys with it
my goodness ! can you play any instruments ? i play drums in a band
i do not , but my favorite insect is butterflies !
butterflies are a beautiful creation for sure !
they are , even though i love summer i hate summer dresses
persona
i live walking distance from work.
i do not like coffee.
i work in finance.
i enjoy playing soccer.
persona II
i m scared of left turns.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
i have four siblings.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing today ?
good took my civic for a run
cool ! what do you like to do ?
bbq ribs on the weekend for my 4 siblings and me
that sounds yummy . i enjoy soccer . do you work ?
yes i'm manager of mcdonalds
i work with numbers all day . do you enjoy your job ?
it ok i freak out every day at work
those young ins don't have work ethics like they use too . lol
no it is the left turn is really sharp pulling in
what do you mean ?
the way people bolt out i fear getting side swiped
yes welcome to our society i'm afraid to see where we will be in 20 year
i have enough stress trying to not fail my classes
i remember those days . and i did it on no coffee can stand the stuff
persona
i love history.
i'm a technician.
my mother was an rn.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i love to play softball.
persona II
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
i'm a personal chef.
my favorite color is hunter green.
i love creating new recipes.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you ?
i'm good . just taking a break from a recipe i'm writing
oh . i'm resting from playing softball .
oh that is good . what do you do for fun ?
besides softball i enjoy reading history .
that's nice . i sleep a lot . , and sometimes watch movies
oh . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a chef for a wealthy couple
oh . i work as a technician .
what kind of a technician ?
pharmacist . my mother was a nurse .
that is really cool . one day i plan on opening up a restaurant
that sounds like fun . sometimes my job is boring .
i absolutely love my job . but i want more
i love my job most days .
persona
i'm very smart.
i wear contacts.
i love to drink whiskey.
i work as a janitor.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
i like to cook.
i work 9 to 5 job.
my family owned a small restaurant.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
doing well just taking a break from my errands .
that is nice getting ready for work
oh where do you work ?
i'm a janitor it definitely drives me to drink
oh . i'm no better i work in retail right now to get through school .
what are you studying in school
i am in my last year of culinary school . i plan on opening up a restaurant someday .
wow that's great what kind of food
well probably mexican food like my parents made at their restaurant .
that sounds delicious i love mexican food
persona
i like to make clothes.
i work for peta.
i love animals.
i am a vegetarian.
i make 50k a year.
persona II
i have a cat named jasper.
my favorite color is orange.
i work as a barista.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i like making clothes since i found out how much they sell for .
hi , i've an orange cat named jasper
i love cats and all animals but why did you dye it orange ?
it is my favorite color but he was born that way
peta pays me 50k per year to deal with animal abuse .
oh okay , that is a good salary for a wonderful job
a lot of people say orange but i think they mean yellow .
nope he is actually orange like garfield
i like animals so much that i became a vegetarian and i lost 60 pounds .
congrats on the weight loss , i'm also vegan
i used to have a real smart cat that looked like morris the cat .
what happened to your cat ?
he left 1 day like normal and never came home . i miss him a lot .
awww . . . maybe someone took him into a loving home
1 time he escaped the vet 30 miles away and found his way home .
persona
my skin is olive colored.
my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
my eyes are green.
i wear glasses that are cateye.
i want to be a librarian.
persona II
i've blonde hair.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm in high school.
i like skateboarding.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? please tell me about yourself !
hello , blonde hair , blue eyes . and yourself ?
yes , i've olive skin color with green eyes and cateye glasses
gorgeous ! although i do skateboard on my free time while eating pizza .
oh , that's awesome . i want to work in the library as librarian !
nice ! what kind of books do you read ? my high school does not have much options
i really like romance novels and thrillers . you ?
non fiction mostly . love to get caught up in a good book .
oh yes , me too . i could read all day long !
agreed . what do you do on your free time ?
i love making purses , the last one i put a pic of a skunk on !
persona
i own a cat.
i watch a movie sundays evenings.
i talk in my sleep.
i like tacos.
i love folk metal.
persona II
i'm an artist.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
i have a cat named charlie.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love nighttime.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have a cat and i love mexican tacos
cool cool . i like to work on art and i too have a cat
folk metal is like an art and watching movies is my thing .
cool cool . my cat is named charlie . and i live the vamp life haha
i love your life but i talk when sleeping are you ok with that ?
yea sure . i'm thinking about ordering pizza . super hungry
that's a good idea you will order ?
maybe some dominoes with human meat
oh no are you a cannibal ?
yea sometimes i like to kidnap kids and eat them
are you sure what do they taste like ?
its similar to pork when you get the meat nice and right .
do you need to boil them for long hours ?
i glaze the meat with some butter and set it in the oven for a bit
what is your specialty do you like them spicy ?
persona
i m gay but i'ven t told my parents yet.
when i've free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
i like comic books and anime.
persona II
i'm a mother of two daughters.
i've always enjoyed telling stories to people.
my husband died a few years ago , so i'm raising them alone.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i work as a english teacher.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how is it going ? ? ? how are things with you
well i'm an english teacher
i'm having a hard time telling my parents that i'm like gay .
teaching is ok but writing is my ultimate dream
i like writing also but mostly in anime and comic books .
that's great . telling stories is something i have always enjoyed
that is fun for sure . i love to sketch . illustration would be fun .
i've two daughters and i'm the mother
that's lovely . i hope my mother is understanding when i reveal i'm gay .
i'm raising them alone because a few years ago my husband died
i'm so sorry about that . that must be very difficult .
it is but your situation sounds very difficult as well
it is . i want to be straightforward but i'm afraid of her reaction .
don't be afraid . truth is always the best policy
thank you . i am very sensitive and can not handle rejection .
persona
i have long fingers.
i m dumpy.
i can t eat shrimp.
i have long legs.
persona II
i love to read crime novels.
i am a zookeeper.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
my favorite animal is the panda.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i can't have any shrimp though
hi i can not have any hazel nuts .
oh , what color nuts can you have ?
i'm allergic to hazel nuts i can eat peanuts .
i like legs alot alot alot
i like observing crime books how about you ?
oh i do not like crime
you are so funny i like chatting with you tell me more .
i hate clowns and hunt cherries
i was born with only three toes on my . foot
i do not like toes much
me either they smell i am employed as a pet keeper .
i never wait for anything
persona
i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
persona II
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i am getting married.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how you doing
pretty good . just bored waiting in line at the dmv . i hate it !
so do i , , , i am eating now my tuna fish salad
not a big fan of tuna fish . ick . what do you do for fun ?
i like to read sci fi space adventure and you
i'm a huge fan of justin bieber . i'd quit my job to be his roadie lol
that is crazy
just tired of my sister asking me when i am gonna get married ! justin is it .
my cavite music is rock opera
that's a really interesting genre . i need to listen to it
yeah , its cool . .
persona
i am single.
my mother was a teacher.
i enjoy nature.
i teach a yoga class.
my favorite food is salad.
persona II
i love to read true crime books.
my parents live across the street from me.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
i m in grad school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
i'm good , just drinking a caramel cappuccino
sounds nice ! i am just enjoying a salad my favorite
i don't eat too many salads . i am a poor grad student
you should try . they are healthy for you . that and some exercise . i teach yoga !
i am poor . i eat what my parents cook . they live close by .
my mother was a teacher , and she taught me to cook !
my mom lives across the street from me . maybe she could teach me
it comes in handy when you cook for someone not when you are single though ! haha
will you cook for me ? while i read ?
as long as it is outside in nature , sure ! !
that's fine . what will you make
i guess i'll make you a salad p
a taco salad ? that sounds good .
sure ! ! i can do that . looking forward to it
persona
my parents were scientists.
i m in gymnastics.
i'm well built and tall.
i like the beatles.
i work as a scientist.
persona II
i've been married for 20 years.
my favorite sport is football.
i'm a military veteran.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
you are going to love me . i'm carl .
well , modesty isn't a problem for you !
when you look like me modesty is not an option .
you have me cracking up carl ! are you married ?
i don't know , what i do know is that i am tall and smart .
i've been with my wife for 20 years .
that is admirable . i'm married only 4 , but i love her .
that is sweet . do you like football ? it is my favorite .
i do not , i like music , especially the beatles . have you heard of that band ?
who hasn't ? military veteran here who spent many hours listening to them .
i like revolver the best , maybe the white album . i listen at the lab .
what else do you do ? i spend time helping out at the animal shelter here .
i am a chemist , like my folks were . i love it .
i like to travel and explore new cultures . i am retired .
i still work in the lab all day . it is important though .
persona
i am dating my boss.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i work at a real estate office.
i love to sing.
persona II
i have red hair.
i have lots of friends.
i don t like music.
i like to ride my scooter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you this evening
i'm good . i just got finished riding my scooter . you ?
just got off work , i'm a realtor at a real estate office
that's cool . i'm a red headed step child with bunches of friends
cool ! maybe we can be friends too
i hope so do you like music
i love music , singing happens to be one of my favorite past times
that is cool . i'm not a fan of music . i don't know why
what kinds of things do you like ? i love picking flowers especially daisies
i love planting flowers and watching them grow
that's actually how i fell for my boyfriend , he brought me daisies , he is my boss lol
least he brings you flowers . that's sweet
yeah some people frown upon it but i love him
it matters what you think . not anyone else
thank you ! what about you ? do you have a significant other ?
persona
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
i m a school teacher.
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
persona II
i love dogs.
i'm a girl.
i love sushi.
i own a car.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my name is darlene and i teach 5th grace .
names joey , i know weird name for a girl . i love being around dogs
i live and teach near oakville new york , how about you ?
wow that's awesome do you like sushi ! i am in love with sushi !
sushi is good , i love to watch golf and tennis also .
i own a nissan sentra sv
nice vehicle , i spend my weekends by the lake relaxing and reading .
i love the color blue , any color blue and my car is blue
also my favorite , are you single or married ? i and single .
i am single at the moment and have been on a few dates
one day i want kids , lots of them , any kids for you ?
how many kids do you want ?
i'd like four maybe , two of each .
aww that would be awesome to have .
yes it would , any for you ?
persona
i am trying to write an ebook on animals.
i'm recently divorced.
i am a huge fan of dogs.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i work as a mall cop.
persona II
i used to be in the marines.
i m a vegetarian.
i work as a bartender.
when i haven'thing else to do , i read books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you tonight
i'm good . just got in from my bartending job
i'd love to go to the bar and overcome my divorce
i am sorry to hear that . you should come to the bar and chat
i'd love to do that
maybe we should just go to dinner . i can show you some great vegetarian places !
i would be willing to do that i love dogs so i don't need meat
i actually quit eating meat in the marines
that is interesting i am just a security guard
well i am not in the marines anymore , just the bartending and reading books in my spare time
i want to get a nice car and drive the coast
that sounds like it would be a lot of fun !
yes it would it would be great
what else do you enjoy
usually cars and dogs
persona
i wear contacts.
i hate carrots.
i'm very athletic.
i've brown hair.
persona II
i love sunny days.
i don't like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i love winning.
coffee is important to me.
i can tell right away if i am going to like someone.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i just got done working out and i am relaxing . how about you ?
trying to spin this date for someone more fun lol gotta win
oh , what is that ? i'm not sure i know what you are talking about ?
ll , i'm off of alot of coffee . sorry . i can tell this will be interesting
i just sat down to eat something healthy after working out and carrots sounded really good . . . lol
i loved today it was beautiful an sunny !
yes , i'm in the midwest and we are having some early fall weather , love it
me too ! i'm worried about florida
i have some friends heading out of harms way of irma
my dad wo not leave its annoying . i am in the midwest too . i made a bet
oh no . i'd be so scared to stay . whats your bet ?
that his tail will come back home lol i can't lose
i am praying for those involved . so sad
persona
i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
i went to school for fashion design and didn'thing with it.
i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i think i need botox soon.
persona II
i like the band queens of the stone age.
i like fast food too much.
i have won an olympic medal.
i skydive frequently.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm fabulous today and every day . how are you ?
i'm great , i like music
i do as well . i also like fashion a lot .
i currently have alot of kids
i have none . not sure if i want any . how many do you have ?
i have 78 kids . i was busy
no , you don't have that many . that's silly .
i love fast food , i need to stop it though
it is pretty good sometimes .
it is great , but clogs my hea
i like burgers a lot .
i've an olimpic medal
which color metal is it ?
skydiving medal . is not that great
was it gold , silver , or bronze ?
persona
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i have a horse named beauty.
i am pregnant with my first child.
my father is a preacher.
i live in a house in the country.
persona II
i like to paddle board.
i have been to every state except alaska.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to visit places around the world.
i like to swim in the lake.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , do you live in the country like me ? any animals ?
i do , but i love traveling . been to every state but alaska . yes , a cat .
travelling ? my husband is in the military , so we have travelled !
yes . i like going new places to paddle board . where have you been ?
well , haven't gone anywhere recently , as i'm pregnant . first kid , too !
congratulations ! first baby ? i have two kids so my world traveling has slowed down much .
two kids ! wonderful ! my preacher dad would be happy that you were fruitful !
where do you live ? i love my cabin in the woods !
why , i live in the country in a cabin , too ! have a beautiful horse called beauty !
lovely ! we love the woods and the lake that's a stones throw away .
a lake ! that's wonderful , we have one within walking distance , too !
persona
i work on trucks.
i am a man.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm twenty five years old.
i have a doberman.
persona II
i've three pets.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i'm currently on a diet.
i love going to the gym.
i'd like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , hows it going ? i am eating pizza .
not too bad . pizza sounds great i am on a diet .
i'm a simple guy , i like pizza and trucks . but not diets .
i don't either , but i'm trying to get back in shape . going to the gym every day
i do not like the gym , i like walking my dog though .
i love animals ! i've 3 dogs ! i'd love to be a vet one day .
how old are you ? are you looking for a husband ? i am 25 .
i am 19 , and i am single , yes .
wow . we could eat pizza together in my truck .
well , you could . i am on that diet . ;
you are perfect the way you are baby girl
thanks ; what do you do for a living ?
i just work on some trucks , i make big money
persona
i m a perfectionist.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i think i need a vacation.
i work too much.
persona II
i work at a non profit that helps children.
my favorite food is cheese.
i m allergic to shellfish.
i like horseback riding.
i love going to concerts and dancing hard.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you this fine hour ?
very good . it is sunny and that makes me happy .
it is cold and rainy here , and that makes me happy !
great ! so we both have what we like .
i guess so , lol , what do you do for a living ?
i work at a non profit organization that helps children .
that is a good thing to do , i work at an office .
oh , do you enjoy it ?
i do , but i tend to take forever on tasks , things need to be done correctly .
i see that you are very hard working . do you go out on weekends ?
oh no , i can not take that time off . there is always so much to do .
how about holidays ? i go to the countryside to do horseback riding .
no , i work privately . i should probably take a vacation .
i'm going to have lunch soon . do you have favorite food ?
i just had breakfast . a bite of bagel , i am so busy with work .
persona
i get along better with animals than people.
i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.
i've several different breeds of pets.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
persona II
i have two kids.
i live in a rural community.
i work at amazon.
i'm fairly conservative in politics.
i love robotics.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! hope you are doing well . what are your favorite hobbies ?
my favorite hobbies are robotics and country living . what do you do for fun ?
love the country ! i love anything with animals ! i volunteer at the shelter often .
i've 2 kids so i don't have time to volunteer often .
my pets are my kids , i have several breeds and love them do you work ?
yes i have a job at amazon . where do you work ?
at the zoo , i find it easier to interact with animals than people ! haha !
what a fun job ! i find it easier to interact with computers than people ; d
i love computers ! i love watching funny videos ! do you live up north ?
nah i live deep in the south . rural and conservative area .
me too ! i live in the woods , i've to always watch for wild life !
i am guessing up north somewhere ?
denver ! do you prefer the hot weather in the south ?
persona
i am often late for class.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i want a porsche.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
persona II
i make straight as.
i'm in the band.
i am a high school student.
i eat healthy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you doing today ?
great i make great grades in school .
that's good . i do okay , but i am late a lot for class .
i try to be as healthy as i can be
i love cookies too much for that . ha ha !
i also play in my school band .
that is great . i am more into astronomy , myself .
i go to the school summer camp
i would rather be home . i would get picked on because i'm short .
my little life is boring
i am trying to save money so i can get a porsche . maybe when i am 80 . ha !
that is about how long it will take
yeah , i think i'd wish to be taller instead if i had 3 wishes .
but life is good boring i guess
it would be better if i didn't need a stepstool to get cookies !
persona
i graduated top of my class.
my mother was a concert pianist.
my wife is a college professor.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i've one little girl.
persona II
i donate any overstock to charity.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i love to save money.
i am a couponer.
i shop several times a week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i have a love of bach because of my mothers interpretations of his compositions
i like it as well .
i'm raising my daughter to love music .
i do that with my kids as well . i'm also teaching them to be thrifty .
i like to play the classical station in the er . it relieves stress
i coupon to relieve stress . it feels good to save lots of money .
my wife students are learning to be thrifty in her economics class
it is so important with the economy so uncertain .
i was encouraged to go into surgery because my marks were so high . money no problem
i coupon every week and donate what i get to charity if i've extra .
that is a good thing . i will teach that to my daughter and her future siblings
it is possible to get many items cheap or even free if you are careful .
that is a good thing to keep in mind .
i learned to do this in a class at the local community center .
maybe my wife was your teacher if it was a college level course .
persona
i regularly go to the gym.
i've a cat named george.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
my favorite band is metallica.
i read autobiographies before bed.
persona II
i wish i could live in iceland.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wish i could write in cursive.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , want to get to know each other ?
for sure . what do you like ?
i like to work out . i spend a lot of time at the gym
so you do lift , i was going to ask . where do you live ?
i'm in pennsylvania , you ?
bullfrog , utah , but i want to move to iceland
wow , why iceland ? do you have family there ?
no , i just enjoy strong breezes and cold winters
when it is cold out i like to eat chicken and rice
yummy ! i invented chinese food milk , you'd slurp it down
lol , maybe but it doesn't sound great
you shoud live like me waiting every day for something interesting to happen
i like the calm . i enjoy reading autobiographies .
that's like how i listen to strange music , like iraq lobster
i like metallica . which is strange for an autobiography fan i guess
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i love to swim , and began at a young age.
i'm a female.
i have a master s degree.
persona II
i have two adopted kids.
i love watching old movies.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i am a yoga instructor.
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , what is your favorite color ?
hello how are you today ? i like purple
wow , i can not believe this , because . . . . that is my favorite color too
i also teach yoga sometimes
i hope everyone there is very respectful of you
it is yoga , most people are chill
lol true , how much time is spent doing that ?
like all day , i ant to move to canada
wow , do you ever get tired of doing that all day and why to canada ?
i like the cold weather
i prefer a warm or tropical kind of climate
we wouldn't get along lol
how do you know , you haven't even tried things with me yet
well when you put it that way
see , do not say we won't get along just because of weather preferences
sure , we can try it out
just relax baby , and everything will be fine
i like your attitude a lot
i don't like your attitude , i love it
i don't know what to say to that
its okay baby , take your time
you are too much lol
lol , i have heard that from many people
where are you from ?
i am from new york , what about you ?
cali born and raised .
perfect , maybe i can come visit one day lol
that depends , meeting don't really meet people online
okay , we can take things one step at a time lol
yea ? so where do we star ?
well , first . what do you like to do ? i wanna get to know you first
i'm a nerd , lots of computer stuff
i can handle that , i accept you for who you are
thanks , what about you ?
i sing and write poems , you can wake up one day and find one by your side
really ? what kind of poems ?
love poems , humorous ones , some telling how beautiful you are
that is too funny , oh man
what do you find so funny about it , my future love ?
well i'm wondering if you are a woman , first of all
yes , i'm a woman but my characters a man so lol
men do not usually speak about poems or talk so smoothly .
i'm guessing i've done a horrible job of impersonating a man
that is a good thing ,
that'sn't a good thing , you were supposed to think i was a man lol
glad you did not . you come on strong , i like it
hold up , are you a woman ? lol
no i'm not a woman
lord have mercy , i am shocked , i am freaking out
persona
my favorite band is bon over.
i work in public relations.
i'm from seattle.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
persona II
i take martial arts after school.
i'm ten years old.
and , my best friend is abigail.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you doing ?
hi i am fine , just finishing my martial art class
that sounds nice . i'm reading a book with bon iver playing in the background .
who is bon iver , i'm ten , and my best friend is abigail
he is a musician . plays indie , folk music . are you from the west coast ?
no east coast , new jersey shore
i am from washington state . it rains a lot more here than nj .
yes , i imagine , but it must be nice living where are so much green
yes . it is beautiful here when i meditate my buddhism
that is cool , one day when i'm older , like to go to india
what do you and your friend abigail like to do together ?
we are going tommorow on a safety patrol
a patrol of what ? your neighborhood ?
no , on a boat in the ocean
do you and abigail know how to swim ?
persona
i've purple hair.
my favorite color is red.
i've 2 turtles.
i like to play video games.
persona II
i can t live without my friends.
i used to smoke.
i have 10 piercings.
i like to drive for hours.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what is up stranger ? what are you doing ?
i am thinking of getting another piercing .
you should , i have many . i am a punk rocker .
this would be number  . will you be my friend ?
do you want a friend with crazy purple hair ? cause that is me .
that would be awesome . i love having lots of friends .
me too , and pets . do you have pets ?
no pets . i drive so much hours and hours .
i've amphibians . do you have an xbox ?
i do not . i smoked so much i ruined it . so i quit .
my pet turtles , cuff and link hate smoke too .
funny names . i don't like smoke anymore .
then you should get an xbox , or playstation .
yes , and then my friends and i can play . when i'm not driving .
you are always on the road though . is your car red ?
persona
i love dancing.
i love country music.
i am a vegan.
i love animals.
persona II
i am a poet.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i'm the head of the gun club.
i have a beta fish.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing great ! i just wrote a new poem .
awesome ! what was the poem about ?
how much i love my pet beta fish .
those are so cool , i love fish . i love all animals , actually .
what is your favorite animal ? i have always wanted a pet alligator .
awesome ! i love dogs but i have always wanted a pet pig .
pigs are really cool . i would love to take it golfing with my friends
too funny ! i would teach it to dance to country music , my favorite .
oh all the members of the gun club i head would love that !
i bet they would , it would be quite a sight !
we could dress it up in the old clothes that we collected for the homeless .
yes ! we could make him the cover model for my vegan newsletter .
that would be totally awesome !
yes it would be great .
persona
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
i'm a weight lifter.
my country is russia.
i am a olympian.
persona II
my mother was a weightlifter.
i love money.
i have brown eyes.
my feet smell.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
what have you been doing today ?
working all day , my feet hurt and smell , but money is my favorite thing i love it
what do you do for work ? i agree money is a pretty sweet thing
i am a model , i've this bright brown eyes that people just love , you ?
i look pretty good too , since i do weight lifting
oh really ? my mom was a weightlifter
that is pretty awesome . i am actually in the olympics
wow , my mom never made it that far , i guess you can lift a lot
i bench 345 pounds . i'm very strong
oh wow , that is strong
yes it is . where are you from ?
new york city , that's where my modeling agency is
awesome . i am all the way in russia
wow , all the way across the world , your english is really good
thank you . i have had to become proficient in it because of all the traveling
persona
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i'm an athlete.
i had 128 tackles last year.
i play football.
my position is linebacker.
persona II
i eat meat.
i recently started working online.
my favorite band is the story so far.
my friends don t call my by my real name.
i enjoy going to festivals.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , whats up , how are you ?
hello i am great how are you
i'm doing well , playing football .
how can you play football and type
i'm taking a break haha good question
who you playing with i play with my friends they do not use my real name though
i am a line backer , i like playing with some of the guys from the baltimore ravens
i like festivals i go just for the meat
my team is the baltimore raven , we go the festivals together . like a family
i like the music too my favorite is the story so far
nice . i like the eye of the tiger , especially when i am tackling
lets them hear you roar
oh yes . i had tackled 128 times last year . roar !
persona
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
persona II
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you this fine evening ?
well i am doing quite lovely . just wishing i could goto a justin bieber concert .
oh you have the bieber fever do you ?
yes ! ! ! ! i often wish i could quit my job and just follow him around ! !
lol , what kind of work do you do ?
i'm a professional wedding photographer
cool fall is a great time of year for pictures here in new york .
yea , i love watching the leaves change color . what do you do ?
i am a grad student . hoping to get into law school next year .
cool ! i've 5 pairs of the same pants
really ? you must really hate doing laundry ! lol
i hate choosing what to wear ! !
so where are you from ?
i live in colorado . i was born in arizona
have you ever been to ny ?
persona
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
i m a receptionist at a doctors office.
my name is mary.
i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
persona II
my parents pay my rent.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
i love my dog.
i like to shop.
i m a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey names jace and i took my weekend to study and get through some client paperwork
nice to meet you i am just study grad school is hard
i work in dr . s office as a receptionist ; my job can be tedious
i need a job my mom and dad pays my rent
my names is mary , and a full time student studying radiology at upenn near me .
that's cool . i like a vegetarian shop near your school
what is the shop called exactly ?
it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat
oh ok , that doesn't sound so bad
i take my dos there and get him veggie treats
your dog you mean , well that's pretty cool thing to do .
yes my dog is my best friend
that's pretty cool to have a dog as your bf
her name is mally i love her
that's pretty good what kind of dog is she ?
persona
i am planning a trip to europe.
i love to shop on weekends.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
persona II
i have always had long hair.
i m saving up to buy a new camera.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i like spicy food.
i enjoy running at night.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi i am ned and planning my trip to europe
do you need a camera . i will sell you mine . i want a new one .
nah i've my iphone which takes cares of it all .
i had a job for 4 years at a movie theatre . the kids tried to take photos .
haha , yeah they will do that . i'm gonna go shopping this weekend
plan on anything else to do ?
well i try on clothes and i'm size 12 . i like to dance ,
something about me spicy food is one of my favorites .
i am going to dance lesson with my boyfriend next week before our trip .
what is the main hairstyle in europe now ? mine is always long .
i've no idea what hair style is like at all .
i was thinking about the beatles with their german locks . where in europe ?
huh , we are going to germany , spain , the ul madrid .
just you and your friend ? i will run soon , so answer quickly .
yeah , the tow of us my boyfriend and i .
persona
my father works in advertising agency.
i love youtube.
i enjoy making lets plays.
i've my own channel.
persona II
i'm in medical school.
both of my parents are doctors.
i do community theater when i am not in school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you
i am well . busy day at school . how are you ?
i'm well . working on my channel on youtube .
nice , what do you post ?
blogs about lets play . my father is in the advertising . i was hooked early .
ll my parents are both doctors which influenced me .
interesting how that happens . i like youtube do you
i enjoy watching some videos .
do you love you tube ? i o
i mean , its not the be all , end all , but its a good diversion .
or distraction . . . . . its crazy how its caught on
persona
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i work five days a week.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i enjoy shopping.
i do not have children.
persona II
i recently started to work online.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
i eat meat.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ? just got home from the pool
hi ! i just got done with my online job
do you like that ? i am tired of working 5 days a wek
i love working online ! it gives me time to travel
that is nice ! i'd love more time for yoga and shopping
sounds therapeutic ! i have traveled all usa since i started my online job
what fun ! ! do you have kids ? that sounds hard with kids
no kids ! just me and my guitar
yeah me either , except my crocodiles . they are my babies
nice ! how many you have ?
4 . i do hot yoga with them
cool ! is their meat edible ? i love trying different meats
i only eat alligator . alligator is very tender , you should try it !
persona
i have 3 children.
i love cheese cake.
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i like to run.
persona II
i am fifteen years old.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i've braces.
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today
pretty good , i'm 15 years of age and my dog maddie keeps me company
wow you have the same image one of my three kids
thanks . i just got braces and do not like them .
oh you have braces do you love cheesecake squares i love cheesecake
no i do not , i am in the 10th grade and i focus on science
you seen the movie 16 candles
my family and i have three dogs
16 candles that s my favorite movie and i run
i have never heard that show before
i don t think if you would like to see you
sure i would like to see .
i mean would like to see it the movie
persona
i love sharks.
i read tons of books.
i don t eat meat.
i love to dance.
i'm witty.
persona II
i wear contacts.
i work as a janitor.
i love to drink whiskey.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi name is jax and i love to study about sharks
really ? do you like to drink ? i do
i do not . i am funny my friends tell me . i am vegan .
i like to do it mostly outside tho , love it .
i dance a lot and love it and read books too .
cool , i'd like to dance also , but i work nights cleaning .
yeah i get it . busy schedule huh ?
yes i am a janitor .
i cannot stand eating met
eating what ? i like to wear my glasses but cleaning i wear the others
meat i do not eat meat .
oh me either , i like contacts over glasses .
me too . i wear contacts 24 7 and never take them out unless they fall out .
so what do you eat then ?
i am vegan , so mostly plant based
persona
i am allergic to nuts.
i love book.
i'm working on a biology degree.
1984 is my favorite book.
persona II
my favorite food is anything italian.
i love most music except country and jazz.
i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
my favorite book that i have read lately is middlesex.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello i'm jamison . how are you this evening ?
i'm fine . nice weather we are having .
it is ! perfect for sitting out on the deck and enjoying a good book
yep , especially books on food except italian .
i feel the same way about nuts . i'm allergic .
reading with some background music but i've no country or jazz music .
you listen to country music while you read ? me took !
not just that but when i hit the gym as well , love me some music .
sonds like me , only my passion is books . 1984 is my favorite .
mine is middle sex . i read some of it after i played some racquetball the other day .
how was it ? would you recommend it to a biology major ?
yeah is a pulitzer prize winning book .
i'll have to look into that . thanks for the recommend !
yeah deals with mutated genes , fits into biology .
any plans for this evening ?
persona
i'm an aspiring writer.
i work as an extra for major motion pictures.
i have a set of identical twin brothers.
i'm a painter and love to create art.
persona II
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
my mother met elvis.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! hows it going ?
great . how are you doing today ?
doing well thanks off work . i'm an extra for major motion pictures . what do you do ?
that sounds exciting . i work for an insurance company .
what do you do off work ? i'm trying to publish a novel love writing
funny you say that , i enjoy listening to audio books . .
maybe i can write on for you one day lol .
sounds great ! i also love boating . what else do you like ?
most things art . i'm a painter as well . hope to paint my own book covers
that's cool . have you met anyone famous ? my mom met elvis .
whoa ! that is one to remember . my identical twin brother is in la so he probably has .
persona
i work as an accountant.
i like to read horror novels.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to go to the lake.
persona II
i ride a bike.
i like to draw.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
i work as a waitress.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , i am bob .
yo bob i am ned flanders and i like to bike . how you ?
hi ned , what is your fav color ?
white . but also i work as a person in a bar .
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
reminds me of wine . with 5 brothers i need wine .
i count money for a living , i need scotch
yeah but you might miss a seven or something then
no way , i'm a professional , i don't miss count
oh do you know miss count ?
yeah we go to the lakes on the weekends
i would love to draw the lakes on weekends
yes that sounds so lovely
definitely . what is your favorite cookie ?
chocolate chip , and mint anything but raisins
persona
my favorite color is red.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a student.
i've a pet dog.
persona II
i do not have much energy.
i watch a lot of movies.
i'm a stay at home mom.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! how is it going ?
good ! just cleaning up after the kids ! you ?
just getting ready to go to my lecture . ugh . how many kids do you have ?
too many , they get expensive and being a stay at home mom only makes it worse .
i feel you . the closest thing i have is a dog .
it is exhausting , just want to watch movies and eat taco bell .
same . i think i will order a pizza tonight .
if you need help cleaning up after let me know ! i love cleaning !
great ! i am always doing homework .
homework is awful . i just watch movies all the time .
my dog red and i watch movies too . what is your favorite ?
my favorite is fast food nation . to be honest it never stopped me though .
honestly , yeah . i really like mystic pizza .
i fall asleep every time i try to watch it
aw man . so does red .
persona
i eat mainly chinese food.
i'm single and live alone.
i make robots for a living.
i'm a night owl.
i do not have a good social life.
persona II
my favorite book is twilight.
i have glasses.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
i hate skiing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi am rob and i work for hansen robotics
that sounds interesting . i like to read
i can live off of chinese food when i'm at work
i love to order chinese food and settle in with a favorite book
i am single and live by myself in my own apartment .
that sounds lonely . do you get scared
scared ? no . i started to become a night owl .
ooh like vampires , have you read twilight ?
i have no social life knowing work takes most of my time .
you need a hobby something you can do in small segments at night
i do but don't have time when i've other things to take care of .
maybe crafting would be good
yeah , maybe when i get more spare time
i broke my nose once . i stayed in all the time and learned to love books
well that sounds extremely painful .
persona
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i'm lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i believe i hear voices.
i tend to argue with myself more than i argue with myself.
persona II
i want to climb mount everest.
i have shot a lion.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
i like to play with clay models.
i'm not a good artist.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm a hot mess . . . wanna hear how ?
yeah sure
i hear voices .
anything else ?
i like to argue . . . with myself .
so you must be good at debate
i mostly just argue about how hot the pool boy is .
that is usually hotly debated . i cry when i watch movies
let me guess . . . gone with the wind gets ya ?
aw , how did you know ? cries and cries and cries
i told you . . . i hear voices .
i want to hear what your voices say . . . do they think i can climb mt . everest ?
only if you try the mystery flavor cake . . .
persona
i live in a studio apartment.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i'm studying to become a nurse.
i have three sisters.
i'm a paramedic.
persona II
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
wonderful ! i think today is the day i quit my job , and follow justin bieber for life
lol no i'dn't i'd be picking you up off the floor
oh you are a bouncer for him ? !
no paramedics after security gets you lol how old are you ?
i carry a picture from senior prom , and i complain about my sister , so 19 ?
gotcha now i understand why you want to know .
i'm an impatient person i despise long lines . hopefully justin will let me in front
me also i like the beatles girls went crazy over them too
the beatles , how old are you ?
lol 29 , what do you want to be ?
i am so going to be a roadie ! i need to be at every concert
really ? well good luck , i am trying to be a nurse now .
persona
my car is green and smells weird.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my dog s name is toto.
persona II
my eyes are green.
my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
i wear glasses that are cateyes.
my skin is olive colored.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
so tell me about yourself .
my skin is brown colored what is yours
same with brown eyes . that is the only difference
cool my eyes are dark greenish .
nice . i have a dog named toto and my fav food is meatloaf .
my pocket book has a photo of a skunk
i'm not sure what that's . never heard of that .
that's okay i like to eat pizza will order it tonight .
sounds heavy . what kind of toppings ?
heavy it is just cheese no toppings that is why i am fat .
its ok , fat people need love too .
i know i'm watching the news what are you watching ?
i'm playing xbox right now . whats going on in the world ?
it is awful i wish they would get rid of trump .
i'm not sure why everyone hates him .
persona
i currently work in an office job.
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
my favorite color is green.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
persona II
i once started a forest fire in california.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i speak six languages.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , are you a gamer ?
i do not think i'm .
i work in an office , aside from hiking in the national park nearby , i've no life .
i spend a lot of time learning new languages . i speak six .
i can barely speak my native english , lol
i just started learning irish gaelic .
i can only say green in spanish .
that is one of the ones i speak well .
my son speaks russian , he picked it up easily
i do not speak that . not sure i will learn .
he had several friends who moved here from russia , that is how he learned
it does help to know someone who speaks it .
it was surprising , he can barely speak english either , lol
well maybe he just had an aptitude for it .
maybe , how did you become interested in languages ?
persona
i only wear silver jewelry.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patients saliva.
i work in a doctors office.
persona II
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i like to work on cars.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i work in marketing for a large company.
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm good just playing a game of pool with my friend
do you guys wear jewelry ?
no i don't it would get in the way when i'm working on cars
i suppose . do you have tattoos ?
no my job would not let me have tattoos
i have thorns on my toes they're puttee
that sounds nice how many tattoos do you have ?
just those thorns . i want to be a dental hygeist
cool are you in school ?
yeah i study to become one
persona
i drive a red car.
i am an accountant.
i enjoy running.
i've 2 dogs.
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
persona II
my mom is my best friend.
i am more of a cat person than a dog person.
i couldn t live without my cell phone.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
i attend book club every week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ?
hello ! i'm doing very good . what is your name ?
i'm bruno , how about yours ?
my name is becky . do you like books , or have any hobbies ?
i'm in accounting so i'm into books , love music ,
i love books too ! i go to a book club every week . what kind of music ?
bruno mars is my fav , i drive my red car
cool ! do you have any pets ?
so becky where you from ? i two lovely dogs .
i live in virginia with my mom . she's basically my best friend .
cool , do you go for runs over there ?
only when i have my cell phone , hah ! i cannot go anywhere without it . do you run ?
ok , you are into tech , i love running .
i am not great with computers . i mostly hang out with my friends , mom , and my cats .
ok , so you own a ipad or iphone
persona
i'm looking for someone.
i love to cook.
i've three dogs.
i work for an architect firm.
i enjoy fishing.
persona II
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
there s only been one set of twins in my family.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
well another night at the singles bar looking for a new partner . how are you ?
i'm great . haven't been in a while , always pick up cheaters
my three dogs scare off the cheaters . lol
i love comics books . who is you favorite super hero ?
spiderman . he can climb tall buildings . he's an architect like me .
cool superman for me . i am afraid of heights ! what is your biggest fear ?
not being able to catch fish when i go fishing !
i'm not a big fisherman .
my second biggest fear isn't having one of my gourmet dinners turn out right .
chef and an architect ? any twins in your family ?
not a chef . just like to cook . no twins . you ?
one set of twins in my family . what is your favorite dish ?
i've a sibling who closely resembles me though . my fav dish is shepherds pie
cool . i make a mean lasagna .
also one of my favourites . i make a vegetarian version of it
persona
i would rather read a book than watch a movie.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashad.
in my spare time i like to play video games.
i don t drink alcohol.
i work for a marketing agency.
persona II
i take martial arts after school.
i am ten years old.
and , my best friend is abigail.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi my friend . what are you doing today ?
i'm not up to much today , accept i start safty patrol tomorrow
i like to be safe , i'm in marketing . do you like music ?
i do , but not country !
do you like isaiah rashad ?
do you have a best friend ? i do . her name is abby
i'd really like to meet her , is she single ? we can play games .
we are only 10 years old
well then it would be just video games for us . i love them so much . .
video games are very cool !
yes , but no beer . i despise beer and those kinds of drinks . are you tall ?
no , i'm not ! are you ?
yes , so very tall . i can see over everyone .
well , that is very nice !
it helps at the isaiah rashad concerts .
persona
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i love to gossip.
people notice how organized i am.
i've never kissed a woman.
i watch jimmy fallon s show every night.
persona II
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i m often late for class.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i want a porsche.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you tonight ? did you watch fallon ?
i missed it , how was it ?
it was pretty good . i watch him every night . it keeps me in touch
i spend my nights laying awake , cuddling my dog and watching stars .
that sounds kind of romantic . i cannot wait to kiss a girl for the first time
you sound like a romantic .
i will be when i finally get a girl
i wish you luck ! all i want is a porsche .
that would be doable on a pop star salary
one day ! for now i've to just get to class on time lol
really ? what are you studying
microbiology . it is fascinating . what do you do ?
i'm a personal assistant . i can be very organized
i need you to help me !
help you plan a picnic
persona
winter is my favorite season.
my parents are lawyers.
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
persona II
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i m a student.
i just started dating someone new.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you doing !
i am great ! just got a new girlfriend and feel like i am on a roll !
that is great ! an absolutely great season for it .
yeah , i just started college and was nervous but everyone has been wonderful
that is awesome ! it really is a great world we live in
yeah it is , how are you today ? are you in college also ?
no , my mom and dad are lawyers so i just shop alot !
oh , when i'm not at school or with my girlfriend i go to museums
what do you like about them ? i do not go much
the paintings mostly , i love art . mostly the older stuff from around the 1800s
interesting , i mostly travel . my favorites are the rivers in iceland
iceland is gorgeous . i'd like to go there one day
i'd recommend it , do you have any other hobbies
persona
i love owning nice office supplies.
i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
persona II
i'm a high school student.
i make straight as.
i eat healthy.
i'm very social.
i am in the band.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am well . so , tell me about yourself .
i'm a big fan of owning office supplies . how about you ?
i'm a nerd when it comes to office supplies .
nice . what else do you like ?
i love to learn . i'm a straight a student .
cool . do you like pigs ?
yes , they're very cute .
i love them . do you read a lot ?
no , but i love music . i play in a band .
what do you play in the band ?
heavy metal and old school rock .
that is great . tell me another thing about you .
persona
i like to cook stews.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i am a older lady.
persona II
i write in my spare time.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i work at a hotel overnight.
pop is my favorite music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi what type of music do i like i am a frank fam
i love k pop . its my favorite .
wow i am from an older generation so i do not even know who k pop is
its a type of music , korean pop music . gangway style is the most popular example .
i enjoy watching spongebob with the kids have you seen the cartoon before
yes , i work at a hotel and they sometimes have nickelodeon on for kids .
do you enjoy cooking i love to cook beef stew is my speciality
i love homecooked meals , but i eat way too much junk food .
i try hard to stick to a healthy diet and exercise
that's great . i'm not too active . i spend my free time writing .
really what do you write ? have you been published ?
i write poetry , but i haven't been published .
do you have any other hobbies besides writing
no , writing and listening to music are my main hobbies . how about you ?
no not really just cooking and listening to music . its been nice chatting with you .
persona
i eat healthy.
i am a high school student.
i am in the band.
i am very social.
persona II
i love hot wings.
i've three kids.
i sing in the church choir.
i grew up in the trailer park.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today ?
ok . i wish my kids would eat more hot wings . you ?
hot wings ! i love eating healthy , but i'm great today , any big plans ?
cooking hot wings . i make them all the time for dinner .
what kind of music do you enjoy ?
gospel . we have healthy pot lucks at our church choir picnics .
i actually sing gospel myself , we gotta meet up sometime ! socialization is key
do you worship ? i love church , it gets me away from the trailer park .
i don't go often but my parents take me after high school sometimes
socializing is good . my three loud but fun kids can join us .
they might be in my class , do they like band ?
high school is so long ago . reminds me of my trailer park times .
that's rough , how are your hot wings ?
good . no , my kids are in elementary school . no band .
they must be young , i might make some chicken and rice , have to eat nutritious food .
persona
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
my best friend is my dog allie.
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
persona II
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
my family hates my fiance.
my dog is the ring bearer.
we are getting married in a park.
i'm getting married next week.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! hows it going today ?
no too bad . . . just finished packing for our trip
nice . where are you headed to ?
honeymooning at niagra falls with the new hubby
awwwwwww how fun . canada or ny ?
canada of course . . . . going to be married in central park
that sounds expensive . wish i had money for stuff like that
its not expensive . . . . just knowing the right people can make things happen
my dog allie would love to travel . we usually just go on walks
allie is a nice name . . . . our dog harold is our ring bearer
that is too cute ! a dog ring bearer !
well my family hates my fiance . . . so harold is the only one from my family attending
that is not cool . well i wish you and your future hubby the best !
thank you . you cannot choose your family but you can travel to get away from them . . .
i tend to run away from conflict as well
persona
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
persona II
my favorite animal is a bear.
i am a paper salesman.
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i live on a beet farm.
i think beets are the best vegetable.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey good morning how are you ?
i doing well and you ?
i wish i had slept more but i am a night person
well i am a morning person living on a beet farm and all
what do you eat ? i like in nyc an i love it , parks are cool .
well i'm a vegetarian and beets are absolutely my favorite food .
i am also , i am in law school , what about you ?
i am in sales as a newspaper salesman . there are limited jobs in the country .
gotta check out these local shops here too
the only cool thing we have here is internet which i get to watch battlestar galactica
i bet sorry to hear that too
i love the country living , where else could you see live bears ? well besides a zoo .
do you ? lol africa i guess the wild maybe ?
well bears don't live in africa but yes the wild . i love seeing them daily .
yes they do lol i think
persona
i m always hungry.
i've a wife and children.
i work too many hours in a week.
i m insecure.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
persona II
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
i collect stamps.
i am a mortician.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am so hungry i always feel like this
why don't you order some food ?
i just ate with my wife and kids . it would upset her
how depressing . i work as a mortician , so i can relate .
i work way to much . i'm saving up for a corvette .
oh cool ! i really would like to learn to fly a plane .
i feel like a corvette would complete my life , i would be cool
i feel like that about planes . i would pain them yellow and teal , my favorite colors .
i like whats on trend i need to fit in . what is it like being a mortician ?
boring , but i've time for hobbies . i'm a stamp collector on the side .
my son collects stamps too ! how cool !
the best hobby ever , you know ?
i guess so . i am more interested in what other people think
persona
i am a seventh day adventist.
my friends tell me that i'm a neurotic hypochondriac.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
i am an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
i only take the bus.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . how are you
i am doing wonderful , how is your day so far ?
great . although my ocd takes over my life which i find it very difficult
the woman next doors child who i babysit has ocd !
its difficult . its turning me into a neurotic hypochondriac .
i'm 75 , so i have to live like a hypochondriac
also , being a seventh day adventist , makes my illness gets in the way
that sounds horrible . painting walls yellow is supposed to be soothing
yes . it is a warm color . that's a great recommendation
it doesn't hurt that it is my favorite color , probably why i take the bus always !
haha . . . that is great ! being vegan is helping as well
persona
i love to go running.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i don't like vegetables.
my favorite truck is a chevy duramax.
persona II
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i'm vegan.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi name is jane i run 5 days a week and love it
hello i only eat veggies decided that about a year ago work on urban farms
i hate veggies , i shop at a . e store american eagle
do you work ? i do bookkeeping and tours .
i do in retail . american eagle , employee discount .
that really explains why you shop there a lot . hobbies ?
yeah and own a chevy duramax my kind of truck
wow , why did you pick that one ?
because it is my fave car
i see do you have pets ?
truck . . sorry . i do not have any pets
me neither tho i would like a cat one day .
why a cat for a pet ?
persona
i am confined to my bed.
i enjoy playing computer games.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i'm glad that i work from home.
persona II
i am gay.
i brew my own beer.
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i live in portland , oregon.
i like to make my own coffee.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . i am confined to my bed .
i am happy because beer brewing is what i love
i love beer . i work from home so i can drink it when i want .
sorry to heard that currently live in a city called portland
its ok . i keep up with social media so its not bad .
state is oregon where i live , making coffee is what i like too
i drink a lot of coffee while i am playing game son the computer .
do you like coffee ? i like to drink coffee .
i love it . especially espresso .
what is game son ? is that a game ?
i meant to say games on my computer . i like puzzle games .
persona
i'm very athletic.
i get distracted easily.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i've been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
persona II
i like football.
i work in the it industry.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
my father used to work for microsoft.
i am a christian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
football is my thing , its what i like
i enjoy sports myself as well but i get too distracted sometimes
i have a career in the it industry
i wish i could get a better career , but i never took school as serious as others
i love the musical troupe kings of leon
my ex loved them . i have had many relationships that didn't work out .
my dad had a job at microsoft
i have many friends and can keep the conversation going , never a dull moment
i am a practising christian , pray , kneel and everything
wow , that is awesome , i don't have a religious preference but i do like museums
i love the game football !
i once played football in high school , i love sports
it industry is what i do for a job
i want to go back to school
persona
i am a school psychologist.
i am the youngest sibling of four.
i geocache in my spare time.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
chocolate is my favorite food.
persona II
i travel every year to disney world.
i have two dogs.
i like to read true crime novels.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i'm doing great . getting excited for my yearly disney world trip
where do you work at
i work with both of my brothers . we are very close
that sounds nice where is that
that's a secret , but lets just say i enjoy reading true crime novels
do you ever go geocache ?
no , not really . do you ?
yeah i do it all the time
do you have any pets ? i've got 2 dogs
i do not are you an only child
no , i work with my brothers remember ?
yeah i forgot i've bad memory
persona
i recently started working online.
my friends don t call my by my real name.
i eat meat.
my favorite band is the story so far.
persona II
i studied business as my major.
i ve flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
i ve a younger sibling.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you this evening ?
i'm sad my friend left the city i'm all alone !
i feel you there , my friends refuse to use my actual name !
whatever i studied buisness at harvard emotions are weak
that is great for you , i recently got a job working online .
my younger brother does that and he's a bum
maybe i'm your bum brother ?
woah you just like blew my mind bro its like i'm back in india
i could be , but meat is too good to eat
lets go eat meat and watch hockey ?
i do not like to watch hockey
ok fine your loss dude
your loss to watch hockey and not something else
what should i be watching
you can watch netflix with me
persona
i like vintage furniture.
favorite band is the beetles.
i play the bass.
i have a large cd collection.
i collect stamps.
persona II
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i am a foodie.
i like to cook.
i love to chat with my friends.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i'm fine thank you , cooking is what i love as a foodie .
cool do you have nice furniture ?
cooking is my interest and chatting , but it has to be with friends when chatting
yeah do you play any instruments ?
no nice furniture , most i found from the side walks .
you find some of the best vintage stuff that way
not really , but going out with my daughter shopping is what i know
cool do you have any stamps ?
i find good stuff on the side walks . . . save money
yeah gimme some stamps please
persona
i like to read.
i love the game halo.
i work for a magazine.
yellow is my favorite color.
i love to workout.
persona II
i'm glad that i work from home.
i'm confined to my bed.
i enjoy playing computer games.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey good morning , lets make this quick gotta run .
ok , got a date ? or late to work ?
workout session , got new yellow gear i am geeked
wow , i envy you . i am stuck to my bed .
why are you stuck in bed ? i work the workout colum for my magazine .
i had a motorcycle accident and broke both my legs .
org i'm sorry to hear that ! play video games ?
you bet ! not much else you can do lying down . i also work from home .
i do sometimes but i play also online halo a lot !
actually , i spend more time on facebook . i have over 1000 friends .
its cool i rather read .
there is a lot of reading you can do on facebook , if you like a lot of things .
ll , nah its not my style .
persona
i'm gluten free.
i'm a writer.
i've a dog.
i like rock climbing.
my hair is black.
persona II
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
i sleep in a princess bed.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you ?
good , how are you ?
i am great . just relaxing after a long day with my dog . you ?
good . . . waiting for my daddy to bring home flowers for me
daddy ? like father or . . . you know . . . daddy ?
www . . . don't be gross
well . . . you know . i don't judge . sounds like it would make for a good book .
my bed is a princess bed , what about your bed ?
its a normal bed i guess . as long as the dog is on my feet , it works .
does your mommy make you a picnic lunch to eat outside ?
no , but i enjoy having picnics when i go out rock climbing .
that is nice . do you live in a city ?
close to a city , but not too close . i need space to breathe so i can write .
what do you write ?
novels . do you like reading ?
persona
my favorite animal is the panda.
i love to read crime novels.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i'm a zookeeper.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
persona II
i like photography.
i love traveling.
i like to garden.
i like to bake pies.
i'm a chef.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing today ?
fine thanks ! now i am off work i baked 13 pies today !
wow . i fed the pandas . i work at the zoo .
you are lucky ! i have been to many zoos , taking pictures
are you a professional photographer ?
amateur , just for fun . my job is a chef
my favorite food is eggs . eat them every morning .
you can do a lot with eggs , just need some creativity !
i eat six raw eggs every morning . easier that way .
wow raw ! that's a bit much for me . i prefer omelettes
its a big time saver . every little bit helps .
that's true . time is the most important thing we have
what is your favorite thing to do ? i love reading
i spend a lot of time gardening , i love plants
i love being outside , pandas and reading crime novels .
persona
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
i'm next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
madonna is my sister.
i have five cats.
persona II
i am considered a nerd by many.
i love computers.
i'm very good at math and science.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
oh my gosh , my cats just knocked over my husbands taco bell award and broke it .
oh no ! what is a taco bell award ?
before he was the ceo , he got manager of the year .
that's really impressive ! i just got hired at google
congratulations ! what are the perks ? i heard that they're great .
i get a self driving car as soon as their ready
that's awesome . blue i hope , best color ever .
mine too , but i'm most excited by the computer !
what type of computer ? to keep ?
yes they gave me a laptop
oh , you can listen to my sister madonna on it .
wow ! your sister is madonna ?
yes and i am about to become the queen of england soon .
persona
i love to recycle.
i drive a large , blue van.
i'm a hippie.
i've two tattoos.
i've curly , red hair.
persona II
i have one cat.
my hair is brown.
i like to sew.
i'm not thin.
i'm short.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ! my name is samantha .
hi samantha i'm great thank you . and yourself
i am pretty good , thanks for asking . what are your hobbies ?
sewing mostly . i make commissions for cosplay and lamp
oh , wow ! that sounds fun . i'm what alot of people call a hippie .
hippies are my favorite . why do you say that ?
well , recycling is my life , and my big blue van kind of gives me a reputation .
oh my gosh i love it . i want a bus to haul my family around in
that sounds amazing ! my parents disapprove of my lifestyle so they would probably hate the road with me .
hey mine too . i'm the rainbow sheep of my family for sure .
then you would love the two rainbows i have tattooed on each shoulder .
aw yeah that is awesome .
do you have any ink ?
i have 2 small tattoos . i want more but i never make time for it
i understand . do you like other body modifications ?
i have had a few piercings over the years , and my ears are stretched to a 0
sweet ! my big thing has been hair . i dyed it red and got a merida perm .
i miss having fun hair . i had red , green , purple . . . its boring now
whats stopping you from dying it now ?
work . i worked primarily at home and in non client facing roles until recently
what do you do for a living ?
persona
i live with a roommate.
i work part time.
i don t like beer.
my favorite animal is the koala.
persona II
i only surf when the tide is low.
twilight is my favorite book series.
i want to find out what it s like to eat grasshoppers.
i m a huge fan of jason mraz.
i recently moved to florida.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi it is nice to meet you
hello and good morning to you
tell me some things about yourself
i love to surf and love the ocean
i work part time , maybe i can come watch you surf sometime
i'd love that i'm trying to taste a grasshopper
i do not care too much for bugs , but i love koalas
i moved to panama city beach florida
i would love to move but i am only employed part time right now
what do you do for work
i bar tend , which is funny because i cannot stand beer
that's pretty funny i do not like beer either
i also have a roommate , they help me make rent since i am not working full time
persona
i listen to all kinds of music.
i love watching funny movies.
my favorite color is green.
my dad is a veteran.
persona II
i love animals , especially dogs.
i'm a 15 year old girl.
i get good grades in school.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good afternoon , how are you ?
i am fine , just got another a in school
that's awesome ! i love all kind of music
great , do you go to a lot of concert
what is your favorite color ? mine is green
i like orange , hopefully get a dog this time for my good grades
awe that's cool , like funny movies ?
oh yes , a good laugh helps me focus
my dad is a retired vet i love him
that's nice , tell him i say thanks for his service
i surely will how are you ?
thinking about where i am going to set up my veterinarian office when i grow up
i've a little dog i'd bring
awesome , my favorite animal . what is his name
her name is bella an i love her
persona
i work at a smoothie shop.
i listen to classic rock.
i go to a local college.
i watch basketball.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
persona II
i like to sew my own clothing.
i am an art teacher.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey i am jenna ! how are you ?
hey , hows it going ? i am taking a break from sewing at the moment .
lol i'm good just got off my job at a smoothie shop
i'm gabby . nice , i could use a smoothie . the students in art class today were rough .
you teach ? ! i go to the local college . yeah i know some days can be rough .
what are you majoring in ? i teach but sewing is my real passion .
not quite sure yet , just doing my basics for now . yes you seem really crafty , that is great
i just like taking old things and making them look new again .
i love classic rock so i understand the value in that !
the thrift store i go to is always playing classic rock . i love it .
so cool ! ! ! sounds like you have a great time there
persona
my mother was a weightlifter.
i love money.
my feet smell.
i've blonde hair.
i've brown eyes.
persona II
i run track.
i love video games.
i wear glasses all day.
i swim often.
i take medication.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you ?
i am good but due for my nightly medications . you ?
not too bad . just enjoying my night .
i just went for a swim but now i'm playing a video game
what game are you playing ?
mario kart . do you play ?
i have played , not for a while though .
what do you like to do ? i enjoy running track
i actually really enjoy making lots of cash .
that is definitely fun . do you wear glasses like me ?
nope , no glasses for me . never needed them .
wow i wish i did not need them since i swim a lot
i love swimming , but not a lot of time these days .
why are you so busy ?
usually just working at my job most of the time .
persona
i'm a baseball player.
i can play the piano.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
my dog is called alfred.
persona II
i am a paramedic.
i live in a studio apartment.
i'm studying to become a nurse.
my favorite band is the beatles.
i've three sisters.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i am carl . what are you doing ?
hi carl . i am listening to the beatles which is my favorite band . and you ?
i love the beatles . what song ? i am reading .
she love you . what are you reading ?
a book about the building of the great wall in china .
sounds interesting . do you live with your parents ?
no , just my dog alfred . he like when i play some tunes on the old piano .
i've a studio apartment and work as a paramedic .
i needed a paramedic once when i threw my arm out at the big game .
i'm actually going to school as i want to be a nurse .
my teammates wife is a nurse , we play baseball here in new york .
what position do you play ?
pitcher , i can throw a mean fastball . i can also play ragtime piano .
i love ragtime . all three of my sisters like it , too .
are you the youngest of four ? i like green , do you ?
persona
i'm not really a blond.
i am quiet but confident.
i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
i think food trucks are awesome.
persona II
i work at a retail store.
i drive a honda civic.
i like long walks on the beach.
i love rock climbing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , i know we have never talked much but i think you are pretty great
thank you . that's very kind
no problem , i know i seem quiet but i like to speak my mind
what do you do for a living ?
i am a secret shopper . its fun but stressful finding parking at different parts of town . you ?
i work in retail and i see alot of that
yeah , i bet . what do you do for fun ?
i like to go hang out at the beach
fun ! there's a good food truck at the beach around here , love those !
what city are you from ?
jackson hole , wyoming . i stood out with my rainbow hair ! this blonde is fake too
do you have any hobbies ?
i collect seashells . how about you ?
persona
my mother is a teacher.
i'm one of four siblings.
i live in an apartment.
i like to draw.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like being weird.
i like to watch anime.
i like cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello my name is michael i love the color blue
cats , ponies and being weird . i likeanime too .
i draw a lot mostly anime
wow , really i draw pony from my little pony tv show .
my oldest brother loves my little pony
the show is about 20 years old . that is dr . who numbers .
well my mothers a teacher maybe that is why
what does teaching have to do with any of that ?
she's an art teacher
oh i see . grew up drawing did ya ? what about cats ?
will draw anything as long as its in my apartment studio
persona
i'm from san fransico.
i like to smell my own farts.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
persona II
i like football.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i work in the it industry.
i am a christian.
my father used to work for microsoft.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you tonight
oh great ! watching some football . you ?
enjoying this wonderful california night
you ever heard kings of leon ? they're my faves !
they're very cool if they're who i think they're
is it smoky there ? i've been praying for everyone there .
yes very smoky i don't like it
so sorry . what do you do for work ? it industry is what i do .
i'm in it as well lets write some code together
awesome ! microsoft was my pops workplace .
wow i worked for apple for a while
nice ! where are you now ?
san fran but i can come to you
persona
i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.
i like to travel.
i play many instruments.
my favorite music genre is classical.
i give lessons on string instruments.
persona II
my favorite sport is hockey.
my mom is a painter.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
i went to japan this summer.
my best friend just moved away.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
hi there , i am bob .
hi there bob , nice to meet you
i like hokey , how are you ?
i usually cook the ones that i got from my garden
i am leaving my garden for japan .
for what ? i love my musical instrument i am learning them string
i make hot dogs for a living .
oh , that s cool , traveling is what i do
i am excited about high school .
when are you going to high school
i start next week yo
wow , are you really excited about it ?
yes i've a best friend do you ?
i don't really , they come and go
persona
i am a happy person.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i sing many songs.
persona II
i work in an office.
i have a cat named speckles.
i enjoy shopping.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i've two tattoos.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there . hows your morning going so far ?
its going good ! you ? i am just working at the office .
what do you like to do for fun ?
knitting , shopping , and getting tattoos . i've two already . you ?
i mainly just going for long walks on sunny days , that and reading .
that sounds fun . i also snuggle with my cat , speckles . do you have a cat ?
no . i've two dogs , though . they are small dogs .
i'm more of a cat person . dogs destroy stuff too much lol
i would like to get a kitten actually but would be afraid to .
why would you be afraid ? they're good pets
because of our two small dogs .
they are usually good together
i would have to train our dogs to accept the kitten but it can be done .
yeah . it can . just let them get use to each other day by day . whud
i'm thinking of a few songs . you ?
persona
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i m always hungry.
i work too many hours in a week.
i m insecure.
persona II
connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
i like watching ufc fights.
i enjoy travel.
i work in a factory.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i work more hours per week than should be legal and now i can't stop eating .
stress can be a bummer like that , so i like ufc to unwind .
me too but i never have time to watch it . always work , work , work
but what can you do ? maybe leave it all behind ?
maybe but i think a corvette would make it all better
yes , i could go far in a corvette . i would travel the world .
i work too much to travel but my life would be complete then
i hate working at a factory .
i just want a cool corvette to escape all this work temporarily
the work laws are terrible . we are factory farmed humans .
all this work makes me hungry but no free time for exercise
i wish i could exercise like ufc fighters .
it will take me a while to get in shape like those guys
persona
i'm married.
i like doing art projects.
i travel a lot.
i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
persona II
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
i've not been on a date since high school.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i'm trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . hows your morning going so far ?
hi its going well how is yours going ?
its going . what are you up to ?
eating and going to the stables
the stables , eh ? do you own any horses ?
i love them i want to have my own race horse and a stable on day
do you help train horses at the stables ?
yeah i'd like to teach people how to race horses
lucky . at least you are doing what you love . ca not complain about that .
yeah that's very true . what do you do for a living
i dabble in art , actually . i help with various art projects and exhibits .
persona
i'm an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
persona II
i've appeared on the show jeopardy.
i make pottery.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i like to refurbish classic cars.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what are you up to today ?
refurbishing a car for a client , wyd ?
just finished grading some papers . i'm a teacher .
pretty good with my hands , making a few pottery items too .
i'm not very handy , but i do like to sing . i sing at church on sundays .
i kinda lived in a storage locker for a few months lol
well , that is unexpected . are you okay ?
yes , i am recovering from being a drunk
oh , i understand . i have a friend who is an alcoholic . she finds reading the bible helpful .
i was once on the game show jeopardy .
very cool ! i don't really watch tv , but i love to go to the orchestra .
persona
i love chocolate.
my grandparents are dead.
i have a flower garden.
i love watching anime.
i owe two laptops.
persona II
i practice vegetarianism.
i like reading a lot.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like watching the walking dead.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how is it going
i am great how about yourself ?
good looking at some anime eating some chicalote
that's awesome i'm just watching game of thrones
cool that sound pretty cool haha
and the walking dead love that show too
i enjoy the walking dead ! ! began is crazy haha
what about harry potter love them books
i enjoy the movies more not a big reader unless it comics
i like to read but depends on the book really
i agree with that , i like outdoors somewhat i have very nice flower garden
well that works i am vegetarian lol
sweet ! i'm working on that haha , do u eat chocolate
who doesn't love chocolate this is america lol
haha true , it is my addiction , my grandparents made chocolate before passing
persona
i am a meat eater.
my mother passed away in 1979.
i never learned how to swim.
i had to get a job early as a child.
i like anime shows.
persona II
i enjoy fishing.
i work for an architect firm.
i love to cook.
i have three dogs.
i am looking for someone.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love anime , do you have a favorite anime ?
no , but i'm hoping you are a woman bc i'm looking for a special gal
i am a lady who is carniferous and never learned to swim
nice i love meat eaters and i never learned to swim either
when did you start working ? i state working early as a child ?
i started as a kid too , had a newspaper route and worked the orchards too
are both your parents still alive ? mind passed in 1979
my mom passed when she was 60 years old
that still sounds young , how sad
yea its really young , even the nurse was crying
terrible , nurses work so hard .
persona
i'm a pharmacist.
i was a wild child in my younger years.
my grand children mean the world to me.
i like classical music.
persona II
i'm married with 5 kids.
i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.
i play the violin.
i'm nurse.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing okay , just practicing violin and watching my 5 kids
i love children , my grandchildren are the best people in the world .
i love them too , how many do you have
12 , i've 4 children myself .
that's great , i hope to have as many grandchildren one day
they're my word , i'm sure you'll get many .
i hope so . are you retired now ?
no , i work as a pharmacist at cvs
oh neat , i just read about them in the news . i am a nurse
did you do anything ambitious as a child ?
i met my husband when we were 18 if that counts lol did you
i was quite the wild child those were the good ol days
persona
i currently work at mcdonald.
i'm taking a year off before i start college.
i am saving money to buy my first car.
i am eighteen years old.
persona II
i drive a honda civic.
my favorite movie is django unchained.
i love rock climbing.
i like long walks on the beach.
i work at a retail store.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . care to chat with a mcdonald employee ?
why not dude . . definitely . . this is sandy
i'm a girl . i'm tai . so you in college yet ?
i'm in my grad school
nice ! i decided to take a year off and save up some money . you major ?
i am doing my business admin
oh nice ! so do you drive ? i cannot wait to buy my first car .
i have my honda civic
nice , i was thinking more of a prius . not sure yet .
that is a good car too . . what are you planning fr ur major ?
unsure , being eighteen i want to get the idea of what i want to be .
its time . . take a good step for ur career
i want to . just need to figure myself out first .
persona
i go to high school.
i live in the united states.
i am a boy.
i play ice hockey.
math is my favorite subject.
persona II
i like tall men.
i've red hair.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i am a runner.
i've 2 dogs.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you tonight ?
i am great ! reading a great book . and you ?
doing math homework , which is my favorite subject .
really ? i am not in school . what are you going for ?
i'm in high school in the united states .
oh ok . fun ! do you have any pets ?
two dogs and a cat . how about you ?
i've two cute dogs . loe them . do you have favorite foods ?
i really like pizza . i eat it a lot after practicing with the ice hockey team .
oh cool ! i love to cook ! have plenty of recipes for pizza
i do not cook . not a thing for boys if you know what i mean .
yes i do . are you tall ?
i'm just average size .
ah . what color hair do you have ?
i have short brown hair . what about you ?
persona
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i enjoy running.
i'm an accountant.
i drive a red car.
i've 2 dogs.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i am in high school.
i am a female.
i like skateboarding.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i want to be a billionaire so bad .
buy all of the things i never had
yay ! i love bruno mars ! he's my favorite musician .
i used to listen to his music all the time in high school !
wow . i play the song every time i go running , which i love to do .
i prefer to skateboard instead of run , more fun for me .
cool . it is just so much fun to go out with my two dogs .
what are the names of your dogs ?
walter and terry . what do you do for a living ?
i go to high school , but i make some money at a local pizza place . you ?
i work as an accountant . good pay .
that does sound like good job , where do you work ?
yes , affords me the cool red car i drive . i work for one of the big four .
are you a girl or a guy ?
can you not tell that i'm a woman ?
persona
i teach kindergarten.
my class has 26 kids.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach at a large school.
persona II
i was born in san francisco.
i am traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i've one sister.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing this evening
well thank you , just planning my trip to paris . how are you ?
that's great ! i wish i could go but i am a kindergarten teacher so i am poor lol
teaching must be more exciting than the pharmaceutical industry though
that must be exciting as well , my class is quite large , 26 kids so i stay busy
my one sister teaches middle school in san francisco but her class is roughly 10 students .
at least the children get one on one attention . my school is very large !
you must have to be very organized to keep track of everyone then right ?
for sure ! its a 24 7 job , i cherish my free time lol
what do you enjoy doing in your free time ?
i really like kayaking , what about yourself
i love travelling and strangely enough , visiting home with my family .
where do you like to travel to ?
persona
i love to dance salsa.
i'm an engineer.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
persona II
i was an army brat.
i surf often.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i am a nurse.
i am a great baker.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there ! i'll be typing while dancing salsa . . . so mind the typos !
hi wow that is multi tasking to the extreme .
yeap ! i am super happy that's why !
i am glad your happy . do you salsa dance for a living
no , i am a software engineer i work on bitcoin related software . . . but . . . . !
that's cool i work at the hospital as a nurse
well i quit my job ! ! ! and for two months now i am traveling the world ! salsaaaa ! !
that's amazing i wish i could do that one day . where are you at now
sydney . it is amazing , because it is so different . and you ?
i've been there my dad was in the army . i am in texas now
did you like it ? my next stop will be japan !
yes both those places are wonderful i lived sydney better than japan tho
so you have already traveled the world ! how lucky
i have only been to those two places cause my dad was stationed there
you need to visit europe then , i was in greece for 3 weeks and it was amazing
persona
i live alone.
i haven t spoken to my family in years.
i've over 4000 friends on facebook.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i love lasagna like i m garfield.
i have a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello formal situations make me feel awkward and uncomfortable .
i am sorry to hear that . luckily i am not too formal . i am like garfield loving lasagna
i don't have many real friends , but i've 4000 facebook friends .
who needs friends ? i am best friends with my 2 dogs . all i need
lol that got to real to fast . i have a cat named contraband .
i have a poster with neil tyson degrasse on my wall . haha
apparently i live by myself and have not talked to my family in years .
i am sorry . i just live with my dogs , still dream of being an astronaut
that is whats up . . . get it up , i am sorry that was a total dad joke lol
haha . you are fine . i always wanted to be an astronaut
tell me more about yourself , i'm out of things
i'm too . not much more for me
cool well now we just need this program to let us cash in
totally agree . maybe i could really afford to go to space haha
yeah right , i wish i was getting that kind of money !
persona
i can beat anyone in chess.
i have high speed internet.
i got hired as a security guard.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
persona II
my father used to be a butcher.
my only friend is a dog.
i work at a newspaper.
i am a carnivore.
i am highly educated.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you today ?
i'm good , how are you ?
fine , thank you , my internet is very high speed
that's awesome , that would work great for me , since i'm highly educated .
bet i can beat you in chess , i can beat almost anyone
you probably could since i don't play chance . i work for a newspaper .
i work as a security guard , what newspaper ?
the times . i'm a carnivore , how about you ?
same , enjoy meat very much . do you like solar eclipses ?
yes , they're cool . my dad used to be a butcher .
i saw my first solar eclipse when i was only 8 years old
were you with friends ? my only friend is my dog .
yes , with some friends . it was nice
persona
i am from austin , texas.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like to cook new recipes.
when people do not like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i like every post i see on social media.
persona II
i'd like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i love going to the gym.
i've three pets.
i am currently on a diet.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , there ! hows it going ?
good , just got back from the gym . how about you ?
i was testing out a new recipe . i love to cook .
i do too ! though i can do much now . on a diet . want to lose ten pounds
there are tons of healthy recipes out there . have you tried them ?
i have , but most of them taste like dog food . which is odd , as i love animals .
maybe i can share my posts of my healthy meals with you .
sure . so other then health stuff what do you like ? pets ? i have 3 dogs .
i'm all over social media , thumbing up posts like a boss !
that's cool . what do you want to do in the future ? i wanna be a vet .
i might want to be a chef or open a restaurant here in austin .
sounds like you like to cook . the same for me with wanting to help animals .
yeah , i am an online foodie . if only there were a job for that !
persona
i live in a studio apartment.
i have three sisters.
i'm studying to become a nurse.
i am a paramedic.
my favorite band is the beatles.
persona II
i am seventy one years old.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
my house is located in the countryside.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you doing ?
hello ! i am wonderful and yourself ?
i'm doing well . what are you up to ?
just got in from my garden . i was seeing if my carrots are ready to harvest .
i'm having dinner at my apartment with my 3 sisters
that sounds like wonderful family time . most my family is not around .
oh do you have any close friends ?
i am 71 and live in the countryside most my friends can not travel as well .
oh i see . do you enjoy country life ?
i do very much so , nice and quiet . are you in a city ?
yes , new york . i want to be a nurse here
that's a busy life there . how do you keep up with it all ?
it isn't so busy , it is very fulfilling
i have never really had the need to travel there . heard many stories tho .
do you like the beatles , they are my favorite
persona
i work in the emergency room.
i enjoy reading.
i am divorced.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
persona II
i love art.
i have a severe anxiety disorder.
i am currently pregnant with my second child.
my husband in an engineer.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey whats going on ? hows your day so far ?
hi , my day is going good ! how are you ?
tired . lol i wor as a nurse in the er
wow , that is so cool you are a nurse !
yes ! lol i enjoy it but its exhausting . you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy painting with watercolors . what about you ?
i'm a huge reader . i'm re gently divorced to so lots of time lol
i've time too . i'm a stay at home mom .
well that is a job in itself . i'm actually reading and drinking dr pepperlol
nice . thanks . my second child is on the way .
uh oh ! congrats that is awesome !
thank you ! we are very happy . the daddy is an engineer .
well at least you know youre set financially haha
haha yes , so i can be a mom ! i'm very proud of my husband .
that is good . i'm glad to hear it
persona
my boyfriend is in acting school.
nachos make me happy.
i m constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
i hate popcorn.
persona II
i recently started working online.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i enjoy going to festivals.
my friends don t call my by my real name.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you . what part of the country do you live ?
iowa ! we have the best festivals here ! ! what is your name ?
i am karen i am a student in california
i am jessi but my friends call me sissy
hi jessi , i spend most of my time making movies on my camcorder
i just started working from home , i love it so far
are you in a relationship ?
yes my boy friend is in the band the story so far , they are my favorite
my boyfriend and i are both in school , he is studying acting
very cool , where did you meet ? we met at a music festival
it was at a party last year at my friends house
sorry for the delay , had to end my work portal . awesome ! i love to party ! !
me too . he's the best
are you talking a wedding soon ? i want to go to bride fest next week
not yet but hopefully someday
persona
i'm in my second year of medical school.
i am a hindu living in louisiana.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i have two children but i am divorced.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
persona II
i play guitar in the local band.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i am the youngest of three brothers.
i have never been to the city.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , my name is dave . nice to meet you
hey ! the names jeremy . nice to meet you too !
i am currently gruelling out my second year of med school . do you work ?
sucks . . . i do not work but i do play as a guitarist in my local band .
cool , do you have a girlfriend married ?
yeah , we have been together for years . you ?
i am divorced , but have 2 beautiful children which i cherish
that's nice . i have two older brothers who live on a small farm with me .
is it an animal or vegetable farm ? my mother would bake the best pie whichever lol
ahahah , vegetable farm . where do you live btw ?
i currently live in louisiana , you ?
i'm in ohio . do you live in the city ? i have never really been to the city . . .
yes i live in the city , it is really busy and chaotic
persona
i read a lot.
i draw comics.
i love role play.
i love anime.
persona II
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
zebras are my favorite animals.
i don t like the beach.
i m allergic to milk.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
so tell me a little bit about yourself .
my name is susan and my dream is to become a famous actress .
i'm too shy to be an actor myself . i do like cosplay though .
well , that's acting in a sense .
i get it from reading a lot of comics and watching anime .
do you like animals ? i love zebras .
i am an animal person too . what do you like about zebras ?
the amazing color patterns and their gentleness .
i like to draw my own comics . maybe i could draw a cartoon zebra for you .
that would be very nice of you . you sound talented .
my drawing skills are not great yet , but i'm trying to get better .
practice makes perfect . do you have any outdoor hobbies ? sports ?
i like to run a couple days a week . what about you ?
i love to hike in the woods . i love nature . i hate the beach though .
you hate the beach ? why is that ?
persona
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
i recently broke my leg.
i was born premature.
i live in texas.
i've one older sister named mary.
persona II
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
i speak six languages.
i always carry an edged weapon.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
greetings and salutations from dallas , friend !
good morning , how is your weather there
finally starting to cool down . summers are brutal !
i bet , you get some really strong winds there too . what do you do for a living
i repair air conditioners , though i have been laid up since breaking my leg .
suck , i am a character voice on the radio , mostly kid shows how did that happen
how did i break it ? fell off a ladder . occupational hazard .
how long are you off work
another month . my sister mary has been taking care of me .
well that is nice of her , what shows do you like to watch
mostly reality tv shows . i have been binge watching since the accident .
i watch a lot of kid shows got my start with voice overs with sesame street .
you are one of the voices on sesame street ? which one ?
let me clarify , i was first child tester for the show . where i found my love for it
ah , okay . that makes sense .
persona
i have two pet dogs.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my favorite music genre is rock.
i am a farmer.
persona II
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i'm in 3rd grade.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
i'm good . just got home from school !
are you in college ? i wish i went to college i tend a farm now
i'm still a kid ! only 3rd grade
oh wow that's a fun grade . do you like school
i love school but i'm kinda shy . i just moved here from france
france must have been beautiful . it will take you some time to get adjusted
it has been a year , but i still haven't made very many friends
it will take some time i am sure you will make friends soon
thank you . i hope i'll when i go to summer camp
summer camp is really fun ! do you have any pets
no i do not . do you ?
i have dogs a boxer and a german shepard
i love puppies . i wish i had one !
maybe you can get one one day
persona
after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.
i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
i am currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i want to become an author.
persona II
my favorite band is ween.
i'm an older guy.
i like to create art.
i love to work in my garden.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today
very well and yourself ? i'm of older age , but enjoy working in my garden
i am actually writing a novel about a gardner
oh really ! maybe it is secretly me
are you a former cop
i'm not . i'm a former artist and now just on the side
do you do portraits of paintings ?
i'm more into landscape , but if you need a portrait i'm up for it
i used to landscape but i stopped loving it
do you have a love for food ? mine is sushi and pizza
being unemployed i eat more at home
i'm sorry to hear that , but understand . i listen at home to the bank ween
do you work at a bank now ?
persona
i have trouble feeling emotion.
i see a therapist that doesn't really understand me.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
my parents are distant.
persona II
i love sweets.
i love bruno mars.
i sleep a lot.
i cs and ds.
i am in high school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
i'm in love with sweets .
that is cool i've trouble getting along with my family
i sleep most of my life away
i feel like i can't connect with anyone
bruno mars is my man .
i like his music too
i'll gladly be your friend .
thank you my therapist doesn't understand me
are you in school for anything ?
no i had to quit my job
oh no i'm very sorry to hear that
what kinds of food do you like
i love sushi and chinese food . you ?
i've never tried sushi before
persona
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
i like italian cusine.
i live in a big city.
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
persona II
i have never been employed.
i'm diabetic.
i like video games.
my mother worked for apple.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how is your day going ?
its going good just playing some video games before bed
sounds like fun ! you play often ?
yes i play every day i've never had a job and in school
no way , i just worked today . you are not interested in getting a job ?
i'm a diabetic and still in highschool so focus on my studies
oh okay , you are still young ! good thing you are focusing on studying
my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple
that is great advice , your mom works at apple ?
yes she has been there for many years
that's a great job , i just work at an office in my city
what do u do in the office
mostly paperwork and meetings . what do you want to do after highschool ?
persona
i geocache in my spare time.
i am the youngest sibling of four.
chocolate is my favorite food.
i'm a school psychologist.
persona II
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing ? just got through eating some chocolate yum
i'm good my brother is on tour
cool i love to go geocaching in my free time
i want to educate kids
neat . i work as a school psychologist
that sounds like a good job
it is very rewarding and i enjoy it
i imagine it is i'd love that
i'm the baby of four kids and you ?
my family moved to the us when i was little
i have lived in the us all my life it is all i know
that's pretty cool i was only 5
you were young , do you like living here ?
persona
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i'm a grandparent at 44.
i love dragons.
i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
persona II
i'm married and have three kids.
i'm a baseball player.
i make a million dollars a year.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i am making lunch . should i make a chili corn dog or a hot dog with cheese ?
hmm . my wife often makes hot dogs with cheese for my three kids .
yeah i love both so much i cannot decide . my grandson love cheesy hot dogs too .
does he like baseball ? i'm a professional baseball player .
wow . what team do you play for ? yes he loves baseball .
the baltimore orioles . if you can believe it , they pay me one million dollars every year !
i wish i made a million dollars than maybe it would make my hour commute worth it .
an hour is a long commute .
yeah and i like to stay up late so the early morning commute is the worst .
i'll bet . i work late at my baseball games .
but you are doing something you love so its totally worth it
that is true . somehow a million dollars doesn't go as far as you think though .
that is true . so what do you do for fun ?
i play with my kids whenever i can .
i play with my grandson i am a young grandma and was only 44 at his birth .
persona
i want to own a house on a beach.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
i love eating at mcdonald.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
persona II
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
my major was american literature and education.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
i just graduated college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hiyeeeeeeeee ! how are things going tonight ?
going great . in may i completed college .
wooooaaahh . i am talking to a college graduate ? the internet is so cool .
haha , i want to teach high school kids about american literature . it was my major .
wow that's so funny ! my parents are both school teachers .
very cool . good teachers are a must for the up and coming adults .
yeah i guess . they are kind of boring .
guess i'm boring . i read and go hiking on the weekends .
wow , that's boring ! i watch nascar on the weekend , scouting for my future husband .
i hope you find him on the circuit . do you watch live or on tv ?
org i would love to watch live . but no , just on tv .
it is very loud when watching live but exciting too .
sounds so fun . i just blast selena while watching and doing homework .
nice what grade are you in ?
8th . not actually supposed to be on the internet .
persona
my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i like running in marathons.
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
persona II
i hate the feeling of chalk.
i have a black and white cat named cow.
my favorite coffee is french vanilla.
i'm a gymnast.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hiya ! boy am i tired i just ran a marathon !
i did the stairmaster an the elliptical today
that can be fun especially if you watch foreign flicks on netflix
i like to stretch an do flips seeing i do gymnastics .
that would make me hungry but i'll only eat at home
really ? i need to go back to that , have any pets ?
no but might get a service dog to help with my social anxiety
i've a cat she's fat lol i named her cow
there is a cat at my family appliance store i do not want to inherit
like coffee ? i do french vanilla is so bomb
love french vanilla . my fav
we must grab some 1 day , i hate when i feel all dry ?
uh you should drink water
persona
i love animals.
i've an 18 year old son.
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i graduated from princeton.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i'm currently listening to bach.
i travel at least once a year.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing well . just doing some studying .
sounds like a good way to start the weekend . what are you studying ?
i'm studying to be a chartered financial analyst . i do editing on the side . do you work ?
i do , i work with an animal rescue . i enjoy working with animals .
i've dog . he's so cute !
i've a dog , too ! she's my best buddy .
aw . what kind of dog is she ? just wondering .
she's a bulldog . she's the biggest couch potato !
what a knuckle head ! bulldogs are funny . at least in youtube videos .
they are hilarious . she and my son are inseparable . do you have kids ?
no i don't but maybe one day . do you have any hobbies ?
i do , i am involved in various social causes like animal rights . do you have hobbies ?
i like to visit museums . i am on instagram . i like posting my visits .
that's awesome ! what is your favorite museum ?
persona
my brother works at best buy.
i'm canadian.
my favorite sport is soccer.
i've two cats , milo and fio.
i love video games.
persona II
i like cats.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like to watch anime.
i like being weird.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi
hello
what are your hobbies ?
meow , meow
i've cats too !
i could have braided my little pony tail by the time you responded .
sorry lol what are your cats names
fluffy , bongo , cisco , creepy , fifi , gertie . yours ?
milo and fio
only 2 ? they must be lonely .
well you have to start somewhere
you should get another and call it rainbow dash . ll
lol maye
so what do you get paid to do ?
i'm currently in between jobs
persona
i am a very tall woman.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i love to draw.
i have very curly hair.
my family came from greece in the 1950s.
persona II
i love to sew.
i have a cat.
my mother was a nurse.
i wait tables at a cafe.
i like to be alone.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , i like to describe with my art . how are you ?
i am pretty good ! aw . an artist how cool . i am a waitress
no artist just can draw well , seen alot growing up in greece . towering over all family
very amazing . how is your family ? my mom used to be a nurse
my dad is fine since he is avoiding irma , going to come eat some family dishes .
what food do you like ?
greek foods ! i try to keep my hair up its so curly
haha i bet its beautiful . any hobbies ?
it is thanks , no hobbies but cooking . you ?
i sew and spend time cuddling my kitty
whats the kittens name ? i had 1 once name diva
adorable name . her name is venus
www , i'd draw a picture of them .
persona
i know how to drive a truck.
i love chickens.
i work on a farm.
i was born in kansas.
i eat eggs for breakfast.
persona II
i like standing in the rain.
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
i m always happy when the summer ends.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
doin well . it is raining now , but i like that
no not now hope it does my farm needs rain bad right now
oh , are you a farmer ?
yeah i have my truck driving licence but would rather farm
well i prefer computers but that is cool
do you have a degree in computer science
yes , and i am working on a new program
that's great . did you have breakfast today
i had scrambled eggs . you ?
i had fried eggs . they are so good .
and bacon ? you got to have bacon
yeah bacon is good too . do you have a favorite animal ? mine is the chicken
i guess i like all animals . mostly indoor pets
all my animals are outdoors . but i did have a dog growing up
persona
i love to run fast.
i am strong.
i am tall.
i never eat veggies.
persona II
i have a terrible singing voice.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you this great day ?
not too bad , just got in from work
oh where do you work ?
i work for a diner near me as a cook . . . . i smell like grease ugh !
that's stinks , i've an office job . so i like to run when i can .
running is a great hobby . i love to write when i get the chance
sadly i'm really tall so when i run my arms and legs just look weird , lol .
that is ok you just have to find your stride . . . . . . can you keep a secret ?
i like to think that i can .
i have written several romance novels under a different name . . . .
too that pretty good , did you make alot of money ?
yes to pay for luxury adventure vacations
that pretty nice , are you married ?
persona
i work with my wife.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
i am a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
persona II
i work too much.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i think i need a vacation.
if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.
i m a perfectionist.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
not doing the best . i need a vacation i think
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i feel like i do everything , and it takes forever meaning i start early and leave late
i work at the zoo
could never work there . i like things done right and my way or i redo them
the wife had breast cancer
i'm sorry to hear that , and here is me ranting on about my perfectionism
well it is a good night for that .
yes . i need to relax really , but i just work so much
i make hot dogs for a living .
wow that sounds like an exciting job
it really is , i get to do what i love
i am happy for you
thank you , my wife survived by the way
persona
my favorite activity is fishing.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
persona II
i play for the washington wizards.
i am a professional basketball player.
i live in ahuge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
i went to college in maryland.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
i am great . how are you ?
i'm good do you work
i play some ball for a living .
what kind of ball then
basketball is my favorite sport
that's nice do you fish ?
if i had time i'd
fishing is my favorite thing
do you ever catch anything
i catch all the time i'm great
do you eat what you catch
yeah if it is clean pond
how do you know if it is
you can tell by their scales if it is discolored or green slime
persona
i take pride in getting straight a s.
god has always been put first in my life.
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
i m currently looking for a job in baltimore.
persona II
i like to travel.
i like cars.
favorite color is green.
i like cats.
i got a new job.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , glad to meet you . are you in school ?
yes . i go to college for art .
nice . how are you doing there ?
i'm great . just looking up vacations
i like school too . as long as i get the highest grades .
do you usually not get them
yes , all thanks to god . do you have pets ?
i have four cats and a pig
a pig ? haha . i like cats though . looking for a new job .
what kind of job are you looking for
something to do with travel . i love it . i like cars too though .
i love to see new places
what hobbies do you have ?
persona
i am an athlete.
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
i play basketball.
persona II
i have never been out of the country.
i have never been to college.
i love to go hiking.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what are you up to ?
not much , just doing some research online . how about you ?
i am just getting myself psyched up for the big game tonight .
big game , huh ? what sport ?
basketball , we are playing against the utah jazz
do you think you'll win ? how is your record ?
honestly , i do not know , we haven't been very good lately .
well maybe tonight will take a turn for the better
as long as i get paid my 5 million , i honestly don't really care .
haha , my father always said that pro sports are all scripted results
yeah ? as in he thought it was all one big conspiracy ?
basically , he says all of the plays and scores are pre planned
well they do not give me a script
well i hope you do well . do you have any other hobbies ?
not really , what are your hobbies ?
persona
i love flowers.
i have 2 kids.
i work at a vet.
my husband is a lawyer.
i have 3 dog.
persona II
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . what do you did ?
hey there . i work as a sixth grade science teacher .
that s rewarding . i m a vet tech . married ?
yes i am . to the sweetest woman in the world .
that is a great thing to say . my spouse is an attorney
oh one of my coaches is an attorney . i couch girls volley ball .
oh really ? i have a girl and a boy . maybe you can coach my kid
that would be fun . do you have any hobbies ?
well i really love to garden . do you have hobbies ?
yes i sure do . i sing karaoke , crochet , do crosswords . lots of things .
you crochet ? tres masculine ! that s great
i even eat an apple a day even though i m allergic .
well then how good can that be ? animal lover ?
persona
i like watching the walking dead.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like reading a lot.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
persona II
my name is nick.
i've lots of friends.
i have red hair.
i do not like music.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i'm watching the walking dead .
i'm nick . yes , i hear it is out . on netflix ?
yes . i am currently binging that and reading the game of thrones books .
wow ! that's amazing . tons of friends love game of thrones as well
do you like to read ? i love it .
i do . i prefer reading than listening to music .
do you like harry potter ?
love harry potter . i'm actually dying my hair back to black . it is red at the moment .
i love harry potter as well , they're my favorite books .
i just finished reading the blackwater lightship
what is that book about ?
an irish family going through issues with their son having aids . amazing book .
do you have any irish heritage
persona
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i work as a plumber.
i volunteer in my son s boy scout troop.
i can speak four languages fluently.
persona II
i'm a jack of all , master of none.
i'm unsociable.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i am male.
my weakness are sweets.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing today
hello . how are you today ?
i am good , i am practice to impersonate celebrities
i am well . currently engulfing a sweet treat , my weakness
this made me learn 4 languages
which ones ? i'm a jack of all trades yet to master none
languages ? i volunteered for the boy scout too for my son
yes languages . i'm mostly unsociable . i believe it is a male thing .
i spent most of my life doing plumber , that s i do for living
knee deep in last nights chinese huh
oh wow ! chinese is the hardest
i try and keep my loved ones please and not disappoint them .
wow , you are a nice person to be with
i'd think indian food would be difficult .
are you from california ? where are you ?
persona
i practice yoga and hike.
my family is poor.
i m obsessed with animals.
i believe in fairytales.
i love the natural world beauty.
persona II
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i live a lie.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i'm a painter.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there , hows it going
hello , good how about you ?
doing pretty well , excited about fall
what fall , are you married
the season ? and no , i'm not
ok , what is your profession , my work is painter
i work with market research , what do you do outside work ?
i've shop , 5 years back i won lottery
that is pretty cool , do you like animals ?
yes , i've dong and donkey
a donkey ? animals are one of my obsessions
oh , what is your hobbies
i love to hike , i also teach yoga classes
good , i very lazy so my wife hates me every time
well , why don't you do a little more for her ?
persona
i practice yoga and hike.
i believe in fairytales.
i love the natural world beauty.
i m obsessed with animals.
persona II
i like to draw.
my favorite food is tacos.
i am a vegan.
i am studying literature.
i'm from france.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey there . do you exercise ?
bonjour my little friend . no not really , i do yoga before i draw
i stretch with yoga and cardio with hiking . i cannot draw .
i am on exchange from france , learned yoga in california school
nice ! you know in the beauty of the world fairytales live .
yes , vineyards and castles . good food but i m a vegan . you ?
i love animals so i don't eat them either .
you ever try a vegan taco ? i eat them all the time in berkeley
not a taco . but a thai peanut chicken bowl is my fave .
sounds good ! are you student ? i'm in what you say , is literature
fake chicken of course . no i'm a paralegal .
you do all the work for rich attorney then , yes ?
pretty much , i like it though .
that s good . people in us work very hard but don t get what we have in france
tell me about france please .
persona
my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.
i got a job as a coach at a local highschool.
i am proposing tonight.
i graduated college last week.
persona II
my husband in an engineer.
i'm currently pregnant with my second child.
i have a severe anxiety disorder.
i'm a stay at home mom.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! i'm really nervous proposing tonight to 6 months pregnant gf !
omg you should so cool ! congrats
thanks ! do you have any advice for me ?
well i'm pregnant an married so not really
congrats to you too ! do you work ?
no my husband brings home the bacon , he's a engineer
lucky you ! i started coaching at the local highschool . hope that to be enough .
really ? i have such anxiety sometimes
well , right now i am too . just finished college last week . . . now this . . .
so i have to stay home because of my condition
what makes you anxious ? are you taking medications for it ?
the pregnancy does a lot sadly
i wish you best of luck with it . hopefully it will get better after that !
i wish you 2 luck also its beautiful thing to do
thank you thanks for chatting with me !
persona
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i am a waitress at a popular houston club.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i'm hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
persona II
i like barbies.
i'm an only child.
i am a girl.
my name is nancy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how you doing today
good thanks . hope you are too .
yes , i am , just finish working and getting ready to jog
are you in an area outside of rimas path ?
yes , i live in new york , hopefully i can move to australia ,
have you been there ? i would love to visit australia
no but my friends are from there , just want to make a change
cool . my name is nancy . whats your name ?
i'm sorry , my name maximo
do you have any brothers or sisters in ny ?
yes i did , she's in heaven , so in he name i donate blood
persona
i still live at home.
i love rpg computer games.
i've a crush on my co worker.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i play tabletop games with friends.
persona II
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a mother to two beautiful boys.
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
i'm a full time mom.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . . how are you doing ? ?
i am doing great now that my two beautiful boys are down for bed .
where are you from now ? ?
i am from the great state of california
i'm from boston ma
that is cool . what do you do for work ?
i am a bank employee . . how about you
i stay home to take care of the kids .
i'm single . . always working
do you have any hobbies
driving and going into the nature . .
persona
my favorite band is the story so far.
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i eat meat.
i recently started to work online.
persona II
i've two children.
i have two dogs who are like my babies.
one child has autism.
i'm a mother.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you today
how are you doing tonight
i'm alright how about you ?
i'm doing alright on this rany night
do you listen to music ?
yes i do my favorite is country
do you know how to play guitar
no i don't and i don't know how to play musica
i travelled the americas playing guitar
that's cool i like to bake
do you make good meat ?
i make cakes cookies and cup cakes
very nice i work online
what kind of work do u do online
i sell things and buy them and sell for more
persona
my favorite fruit is apple.
i like green apples.
i do not like to eat meat.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
persona II
i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
i love romantic comedies.
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i love apples and especially when it is green , meat i hate
i am also very health conscious
my favorite part of the apples are the skin because it is very healthy
apple itself a healthy food
yes , do you think green apples are heather ?
yaa . . i like them . . i like the red ones too
what are the difference in two colors ?
taste . . and texture . . red ones are sweeter
wow , i'm glad you know about apples .
that's a good one . . where are you from now ?
new york upstate western ny . and you
persona
i brew my own beer.
i like to make my own coffee.
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i am gay.
persona II
i love to listen to religious music.
i love my family.
i don t talk a lot.
i like playing basketball.
i'm a middle aged woman.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
i am good how are you ?
tired ! i just got done buying a house today with my partner .
that is amazing how big is it ?
3000 square feet is how large the house is . sorry about that
alot of room for kids to play
in the future . my partner and i are gay so were trying to adopt .
sounds like a plan . all mine are out the house
my coffee i just made is ready . got to go . have a good night
i am just listening to gospel music . we still have ways to go
that's nice . i sometimes enjoy gospel music too .
i liem that and spending time with the family
spending time with family is always fun . have plans for halloween ?
persona
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i love my dog.
i enjoy walking around the park.
i go to the theater to watch plays.
i like baking.
persona II
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i m currently in nursing school.
i'm an only child.
i dance ballet.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you doing ?
just got done dancing , very tired . my feet hurt .
good . i am very tired . just got back from walking around the park .
haha , we are both tired . how fabulous
yes . again need to go to theater to watch plays . you ?
i go to the theater to dance bellet . but i've to go to school .
i love baking . what about you ?
will you bake for me ? i could take some to church
definitely . my specialty is weeding cake . do you need one ?
i want a wedding cake all for myself
it might be too big for yourself only .
no , i love a challenge . i want to eat it all .
i love your spirit . one big cake for you then .
thank you , i love you . i want it to be beautiful .
it will be the best cake ever
persona
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
persona II
i've two cats , milo and fio.
i am canadian.
i love video games.
my favorite sport is soccer.
my brother works at best buy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
hi ! definitely tuna , so i can share it with my kitties milo and flo .
that is fun ! i only have dogs , no cats .
do your dogs like sports ? i love soccer but my cats wo not play .
not particularly , but we all love to go hiking and spend time outside .
the great outdoors ! have you ever been to canada ? the countryside is great here .
i have been to vancouver once . it is beautiful there .
do you have any siblings ? i have one brother but he doesn't visit much .
i've one sister . i spend a lot of time with my mom though .
whys that ? my brother visits less now that he works at best buy .
my sister lives in ny so she's far away . do you live near your parents ?
persona
i have been married eight years.
i'm on a diet.
i can t drive.
i'm a house wife.
persona II
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
i m a musician with a day job.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
lately i ve been learning how to garden.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you today
hey i'm good , i love music and work as a staff accountant !
what kind of music do you like ?
classical music mostly , anything i can play on my electric violin , yourself ?
i like all kinds of music . where do you work
i work in new york , you ?
i don't work my husband takes care of everything
do you play any instruments ?
yeah i play guitar every once in a while
you will have to teach me sometime , where do you live ?
i'm in texas near dallas
oh nice city i have been there , couldn't have a fish pond there though
no you cant . its easy for me cause i don't drive but can stay go places
persona
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
i've not spoken to my family in years.
i live alone.
i have over 4000 friends on facebook.
persona II
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i drive an suv.
i have a law degree.
i've 3 dogs.
i have 3 children.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . care to chat with a person who likes hitchhiking ?
yeah i do not mind . i go hiking every fall near my vacation home near stone mountain , ga
oh nice ! i bet you enjoy it with your family ?
yeah of course my wife , 3 kids and 3 dogs load up in my suv
nice . last time i spoke to my family was years ago .
that is terrible . i have gotten closer with mine since getting my law degree
on nice . living alone sucks sometimes . but my 4000 facebook friends helps .
that would suck . well it was very nice chatting with you
it was nice chatting with you also . glad it was a formal situation .
yeah same . hope you have a great night day .
i hope you have the same .
persona
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
i design video games for a living.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
my idol is thierry henry.
i went to stanford.
i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great how are you ?
just fine thank you . i'm busy at work designing video games
awesome , do you work for a big studio ?
yes i do , but i'd like to have my own startup company one day
well it seems you are saving and making connections so it should work out .
thank you ! if you are interested you can join me
that would be awesome , but i am afraid i am not quite skilled in that field
i can help you out as long as you have the passion !
your totally right , why not then
great ! i can use people like you at my startup . do you have a family ?
yeah i have a wife , and a young son
me too ! my wife just god laid off unfortunately
that is not good , where did she work ?
she was in hr , but we will make it by
persona
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i love rock music.
i'm taking courses online.
i'm engaged.
i like ice cream.
persona II
i am a mother.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
my favorite food is mexican food.
i love to read and cook.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
whats up ?
hi there . do you have any hobbies ?
i like hiking and going to rock concerts .
cool . my favorite band in the rolling stones . how about you ?
i love the stones . been on a bit of a talking heads binge lately .
nice ! ! they're awesome too ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a contractor for a cab company . you ?
a nurse at a hospital which comes in handy since my son is a daredevil
i bet you have seen some stuff . do you like your job ?
its busy and serious so i love going home to read and cook to relax
nice . i hate my job , taking courses online in hopes of getting a better job .
what job would you lie to have ?
carpenter but i'm eating ice cream instead of studying . fiance isn't pleased .
lol ice cream is pretty great . i love mexican food !
soft or hard shell tacos ?
persona
i'm an only child.
i've traveled to europe and mexico.
i like swimming.
my mother is a housemaid.
persona II
i believe in fairytales.
my family is poor.
i'm obsessed with animals.
i practice yoga and hike.
i love the natural world beauty.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you doing today ?
i'm a dreamer so i'm doing wonderful !
nice . do you have brothers and sisters ? it is just me and my mom .
i have a few brothers and sisters , my family is very poor .
we were very fortunate that mother worked as a very elite family as housekeeper .
i have a passion for animals , what about you ?
my passion is in the pool swimming . i do it every chance i can .
i live around lots of mountains so i practice yoga and love to hike the mountains .
i went to the mountains in europe and mexico . i love yoga .
the natural beauty of the world is amazing !
it definitely is . are you the oldest of your nibblings ?
i'm actually the youngest of five siblings . how about you ?
i have no brothers or sisters . so am the oldest and youngest .
persona
my favorite season is spring.
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
i hate to lose.
persona II
i am very social.
i am in the band.
i am a high school student.
i eat healthy.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey whats going on with you ?
hey ! just finished band practice . how is it going you ?
i am doing alright . just playing a game . you play music ?
i am about to fix myself a snack of veggies and humus .
ah . i think i will do the same . i've some humus in the fridge
yes , i do play music . i like classical the best . you ?
i love classical music . do you have favorite composer ?
i love handel , especially the water theme . you ?
i like schubert and mozart . ever seen the movie amadeus ?
yes ! was really a great movie . wish they would make more like that .
i agree . it is a wonderful movie . do you watch a lot of movies
yes , i love movies . especially comedy , horror , and fantasy . you ?
i like comedies . do you like to fish ?
persona
i love sunsets.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
i work 60 hours a week.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
persona II
i have a dog named bob.
i live on an island.
i'm a closet cannibal.
i enjoy fishing.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . how are you today ?
i'm well ! how about yourself ?
doing fine . tired from working 60 hours a week .
that is a long week ! you need to go fishing and relax !
i fish sometimes . i like to watch the sun rise and set .
i love fishing with my dog bob . i love on an island
i need to exercise more . maybe with my dog .
what is your dogs name ?
his name is buffalo . we both eat breakfast then go back to bed .
how do you find the time to do that when you work so many hours ?
we eat breakfast at odd hours sometimes .
oh i see ! i'm a cannibal . but no one really knows that
i have always wondered what people taste like .
pretty great actually . you should try it
i just might . you think it is healthy ?
persona
i like to play baseball.
i am a doctor.
my wife is a nurse.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i've 2 kids.
persona II
i am an engineer.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i love to dance salsa.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , i enjoy basketball while being a doctor .
that's quite a prestigious career . i work as an engineer myself .
oh really ? do you know my wife , she's a nurse ?
why would i know your wife ?
i heard you say things to her . our favorite place is in the mountains .
that is nice . i love to travel
i've two kids , but not with my nurse wife .
are they from a previous marriage ?
no i bought them through adoption .
i would not really say you bought them , just that you adopted them
i had to pay though to adopt them , so technically i bought them .
i guess that is fair to say , it just sounds wierd .
ya i agree . i did get to write them off on my taxes .
you'd get to do that for biological children too though
ya but the purchase price was written off on my taxes .
persona
i like to do crafts.
i like to watch movies.
i'm a mother of 5.
i like to draw.
i like all types of music.
persona II
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i do arts and crafts and draw a lot . do you have any fun hobbies ?
nice ! i like watching the buffalo bills play
i juggle it all while watching movies and being mom to my 5 kids
wow ! i do not have any kids i am still in school
football is too controversial now . i'd rather listen to music
very nice , i'm studying to be an english teacher
4 of my 5 kids are in school . it gives me free time for crafts and drawing
i bet ! where are you from ?
from ga . where our english teachers , well they're not so great
i'm from syracuse , ny . but want to study abroad in espana
i liked music class better because i like all kinds of music
cool ! i'm hoping to teach english in spain
oh i would love to go there if i had time for it .
persona
i am looking for someone.
i work for an architect firm.
i enjoy fishing.
i love to cook.
persona II
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
and , my best friend is abigail.
i take martial arts after school.
i am ten years old.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . how are you doing ?
i'm pretty nervous .
why are you nervous ? are you looking for someone like i am ?
i start safety patrol tomorrow , and abigail said it will not be fun .
have you tried to go fishing . it relaxes me . i enjoy it .
i do not have that much time .
ah . as an architect at a major firm . i get that .
i've martial arts everyday . my parents get mad if i skip ,
martial arts is cool . i love cooking .
do you read ? i am getting better all the time
ah yes . i love reading . just got done reading the scarlet letter
i don't know what that's . what about harry potter ?
harry potter and the sorcerers stone is my favorite . you ?
persona
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i work in a craft store.
i love to crochet.
i own a hearse.
persona II
i love spicy food.
i like swimming.
my mother is a housemaid.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
i am an only child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi . i just got back from work . it was so busy .
hi . i am lucky . i was just swimming . love it . how about you ?
i enjoy swimming . i'm more excited about halloween coming up . its my favorite holiday .
me too ! but i wish there were more traditional spicy foods .
many hispanic foods for day of the dead are spicy .
i love mexican food . i've gone there many times . i love going to europe too .
nice . i like to stay close to home and scare kids with me hearse . ll .
ha ! ! ! as an only kind of a housemaid , i missed out on a lot of that .
aw , i'm sorry . do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy crocheting .
mostly traveling , swimming and eating spicy food . what else do you like ?
dressing up in costumes , and crafty things . it helps that i work at a craft store .
persona
i work as a stand up comedian.
i come from a small town.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
i had a gig at local theater last night.
persona II
i like to ride my bike.
i work as a vet.
i am a vegan.
i am a 30 year old female.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . my name is jane . i have been in a few pilots for tv .
that is neat . i am a stay at home mom
that's great . i have not had time yet to start a family .
i'm lucky to have had 2 kids by age 30 .
why are you lucky ? i've been trying to get my career started .
just that i feel blessed . i guess that is a better term .
why are you lucky ? i've been trying to get my career started .
my career right now is my kids . are you wanting to be an actress ?
i would like to be . hoping my big break is coming soon .
good luck ! i wouldn't know much about acting . i was never into that type of thing .
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
persona
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i am vegan.
persona II
i am a lawyer.
my hobby is photography.
i live in the mountains.
i do not own a television.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
great my favorite occupation is being a lawyer
that's cool what kinds of food do you like
i love sushi and chinese they are awesome
i am a vegan so i don't eat a lot of sushi
i reside high in the mountains
that is cool i work at a small urban farm to grow vegetables
i love me some good homegrown veggies
they really taste better when you grow them yourself
they do . and especially cucumbers
those are good what other things do you like to do
i love bellpeppers and squash
those are so good to cook with
persona
i'm an athlete.
i like to go fishing.
i have 4 daughters.
i like to play board games.
persona II
i pray to god for my family every morning.
spiders scare the life out of me.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i always put my left sock on first.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
i'm good . and god is good ! do you pray ?
i do pray especially before my atlantic
i pray every morning to stay safe . i'm scared of lots . like spiders !
then when before i go fishing
do you fish near mountains ever ?
no not really i go to the lake
i don't go to mountains . i am not good with heights
for the address i playing games with them like
cool ! i play games in the morning . with my socks sometimes
my four daughters then do it to
with their socks ? i always put on my left first
so you like going to the mountains how do you like it
i don't like it . i have a condition sadly
so how do you deal with it do you take any medicines
persona
i have two children.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
i like to hunt.
i had two cats growing up.
both my parents were teachers.
persona II
i don t like to eat meat.
my favorite fruit is apple.
i like fruit.
i like green apples.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing well but i'm a little hungry . how are you ?
i am starving , we should hunt dinner
i do not like to eat meat . do you like to hunt ?
i like hunting with my 2 kids
that's great but i prefer eating apples .
i used to donate apples
did you donate any green apples which i like .
sure , do you have pets ?
i do not have any pets . do you like animals ?
yeah i like cats i've 2
i'd prefer one that likes fruit as i do ; perhaps an iguana .
i used to own one as a pet
that's amazing . can you tell me more about your pets ?
they're mean little haters
persona
i like to go hunting.
i don t like broccoli.
i work as a police officer.
i like to play video games.
i've 2 dogs.
persona II
i m taking online classes.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i wait tables.
my hair is long and brown.
i've a little girl.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there setting here with my 2 dogs loving life
awe , i do not have dogs but i have a beautiful daughter
kids are awesome i play video games with mine
cool ! i wish i had more time with her but i am always working as a waitress .
i am a police officer and i feel the same way
it is hard . i am trying to take classes online to better our future .
great so does anyone like broccoli i don't
i like it steamed ! do you like flowers ? i love roses !
yes i always find wild flowers when i am hunting
nice ! i love outdoors . i wear a hat a lot because my brown hair is so long !
long hair is great i am losing all mine bummer
why are you losing yours ?
old age is what i'm blaming
oh yeah that happens ! i found a few gray hairs in mine !
oh well we all have age and it is terminal in all cases
persona
i am a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i'm a business man.
i have 3 children.
persona II
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i've a terrible singing voice.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
well i'm doing just fine thank you for asking
do you have any kids
probably , i got pretty wild when i followed a band around on a tour
what band did you follow
grateful dead baby ! they're the best band in the world
what other music do you like
oh , i can get down with anything but country music . you ?
i like all types of music .
dude , that is like a totally cool way to be man
yeah , it helps ease my mind .
i try to sing along to some songs but people always shut me up
why do they do that
some say they would rather hear a screaming pig on fire
are you terrible at it
persona
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
i draw comic books.
persona II
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
i paint in my free time.
i work in it.
i was born in london.
i live in vienna , austria now.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
how are you doing today
doing great ! another fine day in vienna !
how is it there ? do you like it ?
i do ! born in london but i have been living here 5 years with my boyfriend
what is it like there ?
fresh air and amazing architecture . what do you do for work ?
i like music and cartoons , but i work in a store .
i work in information tech and paint when i'm free of that
i like to draw a lot
what do you like to draw ?
i like scooby doo and superman
i like superman too but i don't like the new stuff .
do you like any music
persona
i am an old man.
i am an angry person.
i do not have a lot of family members that i like.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
i drive a jag.
persona II
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i love reading.
i grew up on a large farm.
i just moved from va to pa.
since i have fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
good morning , assuming its still morning where you are .
just barely . i love a good book , how about you .
i do not have much patience anymore for reading .
that's too bad . what do you like to do ? i'm also into beadwork . i make my patterns .
people watching helps pass the time at the mall , at the park , at the bar .
do you draw , or is it more the psychology of it ?
just watching people . some of them do not know how foolish they are .
ll , true . i grew up in va on the family farm , but moved to pa . you ?
i have spent all my life in the city . farm life must have been nice .
it was pretty cool when my fibromyalgia was not acting up .
fibromyalgia ! i've got that , too . we can be miserable together .
persona
i like to build things.
i am tall.
i like to travel.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
my major was american literature and education.
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
on weekends i like to go hiking.
i just graduated college.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey how are you doing today
i'm well . and you ?
did you still my big interview tollman
are you in the 9 5 grind ? sorry i do not understand .
i meant being tall is very hard
guess so . too big for doorways .
that is true in every time i go travel
yeah one of the perks of behind short .
i really stand outdoors but i still like outdoors
do you travel for work ? i love to hike .
so i just build things up
sorry what ? you are a builder ?
what kind of hiking usually do
persona
i like thomas the tank engine.
my cat died.
i like books about trains.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
persona II
my family and i go camping every month.
i'm a full time mom.
i'm a mother to two beautiful boys.
i enjoy horseback riding.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing ?
i am ok . . . how was your weekend ?
it was good thanks for asking
do you have any kids ?
no i feel like i am still a kid
what hours do you go to work ?
why are you yelling at me ?
i have two beautiful kids .
what city are you from ?
i am not yelling , i am using cap lock .
why are you doing that ?
i am from washington dc , you ?
i am from cali , ever been ?
because i am cooking my dinner now .
what are some of your hobbies ?
persona
i live with a roommate.
i work part time.
my favorite animal is the koala.
i don t like beer.
persona II
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i work in a factory.
i'm not social.
i sleep most of the day.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi , how are you ?
i am good but pretty sleepy . . . how about you ?
long day ? did you work or stay up late last night ? i am great .
i have a job in a factory , so it takes a lot out of me .
what time do you get off ? i totally can relate .
i'm off at 4 but i work 4 days a week 10 hours per day .
i go to work for only a short period of time , cant imagine that
it works out good because i get three days off to sleep .
do you like to do anything on your days off ?
i'm not a very social person , anyway . i do like animals and nature .
have you ever been hiking ? my roommate and i tend to try new things .
yes and i love it . what is the best place you have hiked ?
there's a place around me that i like , not sure of the name though .
persona
i collect comic books.
i am allergic to dust.
i only eat organic food.
i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i own two snakes.
persona II
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i m a lesbian.
i love cats.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you today ? chilly here
hi there , just thinking of ways to lose weight . hard as i make cakes for a living
i like cake but have to be careful , i only eat organic due to some medical stuff
my girlfriend only eats organic too . she even tries to feed our cat it
does that work well for the cat ? i have a couple of pet snakes myself
i hope so as she's like our baby . hoping we can adopt a real one though
i'm single , never had kids myself . i do not know if it is for me .
people think we should not being lesbians , but we would love a kid
i'm to much of an introvert i like comics and playing video games too much
i used to be , my doctor says i'm still healthy , but it made me slightly overweight
i've dust allergies and a delicate stomach but other than that am in good shape
probably cant be around our cat then .
cats do not bother me actually , just like house dust and also pollen
i see , what else do you enjoy ? i really do love my job decorating cakes
well i collect autographs , have over two thousand so far
persona
people say i've a cute laugh.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i working in a publishing building.
persona II
i have created my own personal religion.
i only buy convertible cars.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i don't celebrate any holidays.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there ! i'm busy cooking dinner but wanted to say hello !
hey are you spiritual at all ?
i don't think so . i carry around hope my ex will come back .
aw what did you do to her ?
nothing . she was jealous i was around men at work all day .
so ? what was her deal ? join my religion i made it
she was jealous . she said my laugh attracted too many men .
i do not believe in holidays
i will join your religion . can i cook for the congregation ?
are you gay ? i think ghost are real , an very welcomed . friday the 13th
i work in publishing with a bunch of dudes . i prefer the opposite sex .
yes you can i like to drive drop tops also .
classic car fan ? nice . what kind do you have ?
all bmw i love bmws a lot
i wish i had one . do you like to drive fast ?
persona
i love to play soccer.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i live with my parents.
i'm an insatiable reader.
persona II
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
my favorite food is raw onion.
i m really into the powers of crystals.
i sew my own clothes.
i've long curly hair.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! i just got home from playing soccer . watching finding nemo !
cool i'm eating a onion by itself and its not making me cry .
an onion ! i hate onions . they make me gag
raw onions are good and good for you if you know how to grow them like me .
i don't have a green thumb . my mom does and she tends to her garden here .
i grow all kinds of food in my garden , herbs , fruit , vegetables .
have you read summer in my garden ? i bet you would like it .
eating right will help you with soccer . it helped me lose 65 pounds easily .
i mainly do keto and eat veggies sometimes , but from the store .
i heard about that but have not read it . what is it about ?
someone who has a green thumb . i love reading books .
anybody can eat sweet onion raw and its good for you too .
you sound like bubba gump , just for onions !
i like books and lately i've been reading about crystal powers
oh ! i've read about crystal powers too ! they are referenced in disney movies
my hair is too long and too curly to be a bubba gump or forrest gump .
you can be the you for onions then !
persona
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
i am in high school apart of the school band.
i love watching greys anatomy.
persona II
i'm in the navy.
i am an orphan who was in the foster care system.
i listen to folk music.
whittling is my favorite hobby.
i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you ?
him good just got home
me too . the bus takes forever from the high school .
traffic was crazy on the way back from whittling convention held at the community college
i hate traffic . my marching band held up traffic for hours last week .
my foster dad showed me folk music is the best in traffic
your foster dad sounds cool . my mother is so awesome ! ! !
high school is cool but best days were in community college
i hope to graduate this year before i turn 22
maybe you can go to the navy like me after graduation ?
maybe ? i like to watch greys anatomy and hope to be a dr ! !
oh i studied communications , it was easier
my mom does all my communication for me . its wonderful ! i love her .
i never knew my mom , she died when i was little
that so sad ! i'm sorry , moms are the best .
persona
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i'm hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
persona II
one day i'd really like to skydive.
when i m not touring with the band , i like to garden.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello how are you doing ?
i'm great . how are you
good thanks just finished my shift .
where do you work at
what are you up to today ? waitress at a club .
what kind of a club
it is a dance club . really enjoy it .
what do you like most
the music and the tips and all the people i meet .
do you get a lot of tips
yeah . i do well . what do you do ?
i play music for a living
awesome . what kind of music ?
i play a lot of indie
what instrument do you play
persona
i am a member of the ymca.
i am learning to play the piano.
i love scary movies.
i am allergic to cats.
persona II
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i play the violin.
my older sister plays clarinet.
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how is your weekend going
its fine , just waiting for my mom to stop teaching music .
you get to hear any of the music what does she teach
well , i'm usually busy entering violin competitions .
i am taking piano lessons now it is hard
piano lessons are hard , my sister plays the clarinet .
i like music what do you like to do when you are not playing music
well , i have placed in a lot of violin competitions , nut i do have a corgi .
i like watching movies mostly scary movies
scary movies are great , my music teacher mom loves them .
its good to get scared every once in a while
persona
my house is located in the countryside.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
i am seventy one years old.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
persona II
my mind is set on things above.
i hate evil.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
i need some help , if you don't mind
not at all . what is up ?
i need you to cut up my fruit and vegetables so i can eat it
i'd love to assist you .
thank you . i worked in the garden all day and i'm not young anymore
i hear you . i'm still in pain from a bad break up .
oh no , i've some wisdom . tell me about it .
he just up and left . its ok tho . i've faith in god .
wow . what a nasty man . you are better off .
i think so as well .
how old are you
i'm 32 . and you ?
71 . a little older than you
luckily i've my sights on things above .
good . i'll give you some nice carrots .
persona
i have a thick full beard.
i am only 5 foot tall.
my parents are in there 80 s.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
persona II
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i have a few pet iguanas.
i've a brother but we don t talk much yet.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i am pretty poor financially.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey , how are you ? my name is robert .
hi robert . i'm good . playing with my pet iguanas .
i love iguanas ! mine like to chew on my beard , pretty weird .
i think i can train my dogs to read if i try hard .
dogs ? i thought we were talking about iguanas . dogs are cool too , i guess .
i like to give my dogs sassy names .
like what ? i met a dog that was taller than me , so it is a sore subject .
no more dog talk . i cannot get anymore because i'm poor .
i thought you had dogs ? tell me more about the sassy names , i'm interested .
i thought we weren't talking about dogs ? i do not talk to my brother much .
you are all over the place . iguanas , dogs , and your brother all in three minutes !
lol . . i wanted to tell you more about myself . what are your hobbies ?
not much . i mostly take care of my elderly parents . they're both in their 80s .
my grandpa is 87 . my parents are in their 60s .
that's very young ! is your family healthy ?
nothing majorly bad . high blood pressure and my dad has a little diabetes .
good that they're healthy . mine almost always have pneumonia .
oh no ! well i wish them well .
i doubt they have much time left . i will be happy when they are no longer suffering .
persona
i work as a scientist.
my parents were scientists.
i m in gymnastics.
i'm well built and tall.
i like the beatles.
persona II
i work in construction.
i drive a prius.
i was in the army.
i have freckles all over my face.
i love to read romance novels.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i m doing great how about you ?
i am doing fine , thank you for asking . what do you do for work ?
i am a construction worker . how about you ?
i do work at a scientific research facility . both of my parents worked there too
that s awesome . what kind of research ?
cancer research , mainly with proteins for a couple of important genes
that s great , i hope they find a cure one day .
i don't think we ever will be able to find a cure
there must be a way ! only time will tell .
cancer is a disease made of a million different causes , we cannot cure every possible cause
true . maybe just one ? we can only hope .
maybe , some day . do you do any sports ?
persona
i like to shoot a bow.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go hunting.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
persona II
i want to move.
i don t like feeling controlled.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i don t like my reputation.
i've a harsh inner critic.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there how are you doing
hey i am doing ok i guess . how are you
oh i just practice shooting using a bow
that sounds fun . i am trying to move soon i hate this place
hey how are you what are you up to
i'm thinking about where i can move too . what are you doing
i do remodelling of houses and it is fun
that sounds like hard work .
it sounds like it and it fine for me
that's good . i am so hard on myself i could never do that
do you do hunting too like me
no i do not like to do that . i like to watch tv and play games
how about shopping i do it with only daughter
yeah that is fun at times . i really like it when they have sales
oh wow great and how s it
persona
i play guitar on my free time.
i live alone.
i like to play video games.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
persona II
i am a student in college.
my name is kevin.
i play the guitar.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i'm studying software development.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi ! how are you ?
great and you ? i'm kevin .
i'm fine , thanks . i enjoy playing video games , what do you like to do ?
i enjoy playing the guitar . jamming with friends .
cool . i play guitar too when i have free time .
free time is definitely limited while being in school .
no doubt . i live by myself so its easier for me to play when i want .
that is great . i do not have that luxury . do you enjoy anything else ?
i do . i am like to consider myself a chef , but i am a beginner .
a chef . interesting . i am not much into cooking . limited options in the dorm .
that is for sure . yes , i like to cook different cuisines .
whats your favorite cuisine to cook ?
well , i enjoy italian food .
persona
i play the bass guitar.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
i work out daily.
i like to go out fishing.
persona II
i love the beach.
my major is business.
i like to party.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey ! just got back from the gym !
nice , i just got back from the beach !
lucky ! i love the beach . especially fishing at the beach .
i just love all the parties , but now i have to get ready to deliver some pizza
pizza ! i miss pizza . my gym routine will not let me eat it .
i need to eat pizza while i study . i am going to get an mba
that is awesome . i wish i could get my mba
what do you do , besides work out ?
i am in a band as the bass player
great . i hear a lot of bands at the beach parties !
i would love to play on the beach
you should try to find a gig there .
where do you recommend looking ?
i'd just search social media .
oh , ok . that is a good idea .
persona
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
i am a people person.
but i'm a frustrated driver.
my husband works at a telecom.
persona II
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
i am an army ranger.
i am not afraid to die.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello . . . . . . . i am jessica ! i live in colorado .
hi jessica , this is brad in iraq . hows it going ?
great , thanks ! we are having a snow day so my girls are home from school .
hold them close ! i just finished skyring with my wife and two kids back in the states .
i'm sure they love that you are able to do that .
definitely ! they are used to me being away a lot on my deployments with the rangers .
wives who climb , hosts a kids mountain climbing day , have your kids ever mountie climbed ?
no , but it sounds like something they would enjoy !
i love climbing , i have done it since i was a kid ! !
i love outdoorsy stuff , even here in the desert . i cannot imagine working a normal 9 5 .
gosh me either , my husband works at telecom boulder .
that's cool . i cannot imagine a life other than out in the field .
so nice , i feel the same about the outreach work i do in our little community .
excellent ! people helping others is what makes our country great .
its what i live for . . . . i love helping others
persona
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
god has always been put first in my life.
i take pride in getting straight a s.
i m currently looking for a job in baltimore.
persona II
i m a vegan.
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
my eyes are brown.
i love going to concerts.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
yo , what is up with you ?
i just got back from a concert , my favorite thing to do .
i love it ! who did you see ? i am digging the no yo gotti track .
i saw the insane clown posse it was sick !
so cool ! i would love to see them but have to get good grades
now i've to make dinner since i've vegan
are you a chef ? i am looking for a chef job .
when i got good grades my mom let me get a angel tattoo
that is sweet . i love angels . and god
i got it on my hip , no i'm not a chef .
how long have you been cooking vegan ?
two years , next tattoo i want a pair of brown eyes , like mine .
cool . i am too young for a tattoo , still in high school .
i remember those days , enjoy them while you can
yes ! just trying to work , praise god , get good grades , you know ?
persona
i want to visit rome , but i cannot make myself go alone.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
persona II
pudding makes me gassy.
i have never done drugs because i don't know where to buy them.
i love living in texas.
i have a friend named james who secretly rules the world.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello there ! how are you doing ?
hi ! just great and you ? i'm with my friend james
friends are great . any plans for tonight ?
he secretly rules the world ! maybe make some pudding . you ?
probably gonna flirt with the dmv officer again
ahahah sounds better than pudding making . it makes me gassy
pudding is the worst . never eat pudding
i really should not . i don't know what dessert is well known in texas
blue bell ice cream . it is the best
yummy ! have you tried the mini cones ? !
no . i prefer to have my ice cream in the largest quantities allowed
nice ! i've never done drugs before
drugs are the best . i highly recommend advil
i don't know where you buy drugs at
walgreenshas the best prices . and a good rewards card
persona
i love to hike.
i like folk music.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i work in marketing.
my hiking boots are pink.
persona II
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
i'm recently divorced.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i work as a mall cop.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there , how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
yes i do , i'm writing a book on dogs
i love dogs . my real passion is hiking though .
i am a big fan of dogs to , but mostly i love fast cars
life is fast enough , i hike along the appalachian trail .
when i retire i plan on buying a corvette
we are polar opposites , i listen to folk songs and wear pink hiking boots !
i've about five more years of being a mall cop before i can retire
i am a marketing guy ; got 10 years until i retire .
a guy that wears pink boots , interesting
indeed , is a little know fashion trend we have up the appalachian trail !
i like it , it also works well for october . . breast cancer awareness month
yes and it affects men and women . at my age i've developed man boobs .
wow that's more information then i needed to know
honesty is the best policy !
persona
i have woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i love wearing name band clothing.
persona II
i love my dog.
i am a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
my parents pay my rent.
i like to shop.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
good . how about you ?
i am good getting ready to go on a date
that is good . i am ready to go out with my dog that i love lot .
dogs are good do you like music
yes , i like classic rocks and i like to buy and shop a lot of cds
i party a lot so i like to have a good playlist
so do you like sushi ? i love sushi , but i'm a veggie
i only like expensive sushi from nice restaurants
i always go to expensive ones too because my parents pay my house rent
that's nice do you like designer clothes
persona
i work as a bartender.
i used to be in the marines.
i m a vegetarian.
when i haven'thing else to do , i read books.
i like to write poetry.
persona II
i am a baseball player.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
i can play the piano.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hey . . . how are you doing tonight ?
doing good , just got in from baseball practice . i play you see
baseball is great what position
all of them , i'm that good . i also play piano
nice . . . . . not everyone is that good you should be proud
i believe its because green is my lucky color . that is what we wear
well green is very lucky so i could see that
what do you do ? i enjoy reading about chinese history in my spare time
i also enjoy reading books and writing poetry
you should show me some of your poetry
do you write poetry or just like reading it ?
i just like reading it . not as much as chinese history though
well i could share but my poetry is very personal so i get shy
i am a bit like that with my piano playing
because it is something you are passionate about
persona
i like to swim.
i'm bald.
i hate tacos.
i don t work.
persona II
i enjoy reading.
i am a nurse.
i work in the emergency room.
my favorite drink is dr pepper.
i'm divorced.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi how are you doing
i'm okay . just on my break from my nursing job , reading a book
that is nice i do not have a job
i've held down the same e . r job for 10 years , even throughout my divorce .
wow are you a doctor
the only dr i am is a dr . pepper . . girl that is . my favorite drink .
haha whats your job in the er
nurse . i bet its nice not having a job huh ?
it is i like to go swimming during the day
i wish i could swim in a giant dr . pepper filled swimming pool
i like it too its so good
it sure helped me get through my tough long divorce
yeah i bet do you like tacos
yes , i love eating yummy tacos . . . yum
ugh i hate them they're so gross
persona
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
i live on a lake.
i am a average american youth.
i fell in love this summer.
i hate school.
persona II
i just graduated college.
i'm hoping to play basketball overseas.
i recently had knee surgery.
i'm 7 foot tall.
i am hoping to play.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hi there . how are you ?
hi ! i'm doing pretty good . i'm home recovering from knee surgery .
why did you have knee surgery ?
i hurt my knee playing basketball in college . i dreamed of going pro .
that is terrible ! sorry to hear that .
thank you ! i just graduated in may . i still have plans to play overseas .
you can do it . i believe in you . i go off to college next year !
i hope so ! i'm very tall so that should help ! where to ?
probably where the guy i fell in love with this past summer goes . we met at my lake .
that is romantic ! i would like to meet the love of my life soon !
i hope you do . it is amazing ! i'm bummed were in school though . i hate it .
college is so much fun . even for a 7 foot guy like me !
cant wait for college next year !
persona
i like going to canada.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i want to be a doctor.
i wear a lot of purple.
persona II
cooking is my passion.
my favorite color is blue.
my hair is long and blonde.
my mother died when i was a child.
dialogue
__SILENCE__
hello ! who are you ? eh ?
i'm well . . . how are you ?
good ! just finished up some dungeons and dragons !
cool . . . i just finished cooking
oh what did you cook ?
i made chicken parmesan and baked a pie
that sounds really tasty ! was it an apple pie ?
yes , do you like apples ?
i like apples , they keep you healthy
so what do you do for a living ?
i'm a student , but studying medicine
nice . . . i'm in culinary school , my passion is food
i really like purple clothes .
i like everything b l u e
where is your dream vacation ?
persona
i'm highly educated.
my father used to be a butcher.
my only friend is a dog.
i'm a carnivore.
i work at a newspaper.
persona II
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
i don t have many friends.
i've long hair for a boy.
dialogue
