i know what e d m is
have any hobbies ? besides working out , i like to paint .
i play guitar on my free time
nice . what kind of music do you play ?
video game soundtrack mainly
wow . never really listened to video game music . is it good ?
mario is harder than most people think
persona
i'm deathly terrified of heights.
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
winters my favorite time of the year.
i'm really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
persona II
i love to cook.
i like to fish.
i love dogs.
my dad was a carsalesman.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
hiya , i am okay . how about you ?
i'm doing well thanks . you like food ?
um , i guess so . i do not really think about food too much . i just ate some cookies
nice . i made food for everyone here .
where did you buy the food ?
just from the store you big silly .
do you have a fave store ? i like walmart for the deals
petsmart i love bringing my animals there .
that is a fun store . i like it , too
do you own a car ?
yes , i do . its a red one . how about you ?
i own lots of cars my daddy is a seller
oh , that is nice ! do you have to prep them for the winter ?
persona
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i helped develop facebook.
i work as a computer programmer.
i've two pitt bulls.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
persona II
i am in college.
i listen to death metal.
i still live at home.
my mom is a janitor.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
great ! spent the weekend donating my time to charity , you ?
wow nice , i just studied and listened to death metal all weekend
fun ! do you use facebook often ?
yeah i do , its pretty helpful while i'm in college
good to know because i helped develop it . i now work programming computers
cool ! especially since i am living at home i can connect with friends better
i don't have many friends , but two dogs . pitt bulls .
aw , once my mom retires from being a janitor i plan to get her a dog
that's nice of you , how much does she make as a janitor ?
not very much so hopefully when i finish college i can help out more
do computer programming , it makes 200 , 000 a year
wow that does sound good
do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i love to hike.
i like to take photos.
i live alone.
i am an environmental engineer.
persona II
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i'm a rapper.
i just bought a new mansion.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? where are you from ?
hey there , how are you ? i live in northern california . you ?
i just bought the biggest mansion in japan . i am on tour though with frank ocean .
cool . i like to be out in nature where i hike almost daily .
that would be fun . i am a big time rapper . i moved to japan
they like rap in japan ? i own a place but it is just be in it .
they do , surprising , huh ? i moved here permanently after i bought my mansion .
that is cool . i love being able to be in nature as an engineer .
that's great . if you'd like to see me perform , i can send tickets .
that would be great . can i bring my camera to take pictures .
absolutely ! ! just let me know when you can come and i will send them .
how about next month . we will be pretty quiet at work then .
persona
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i collect bugs in jars.
i build my own computers.
i ran for political office in 2004.
persona II
i enjoy swimming.
i used to work for monsanto.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i am a mother.
i enjoy shopping online.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i am good , just admiring my collection of bugs in jars
oh wow that is interesting , did you buy them online ? i shop online often .
no , i collected them myself . i do buy a lot of things online for my job though
my son loves bugs , what do you work as ?
mechanic for 6 years , and i enjoy building my own computers on the side
we aren't all that similar , i love swimming myself .
it doesn't sound like it . how are you with politics ?
i do not really pay attention to those , as a mother i do not find it important .
i think its very important . i actually ran for the political office in 2004
how did that go ? did you win ?
i didn't , but i have thought about running again
do you ever read ? i enjoy fantasy novels
i do , mainly books on building computers though
persona
i love to save money.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i am a couponer.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
persona II
i am 25 years old and live with my parents.
i play drums in a band.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i drive a ford mustang.
dialogue
hey ! my name is jared . i'm totally in a band . what do you do ?
hi , my name is terri . . . i work from home and i love to use coupons
coupons are dope ! get all the ramen . what do you do for fun ?
i like to donate to charities and i enjoy saving money
you sound like my girlfriend , luis . she's smart , too . we are gonna graduate together .
that is really nice congrats , wish you guys the best
thanks , terri . you are alright , you know that ? what is new ?
well i like to keep my things neat . . . . a bit of a neat freak , lol .
man , my parents would love you . they're always like , clean up . i am like , no .
lol , that's funny . . . you are cool as well , it is nice talking to you
likewise . chatting can be a bummer . you have a cat ? i do .
i used to , i love cats . . . i've had 3 all together
aw man . downer . rip cats of terri . i bet they were awesome dudes .
they were so sweet and funny , i miss having a cat
persona
my hair is long and blonde.
my mother died when i was a child.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to run.
cooking is my passion.
persona II
i want to write a book before i die.
i am excellent at playing pool.
i teach middle school art.
i still like unicorns even though i am an adult.
i'd love to visit the pyramids.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i'm doing good and u
i'm doing well . playing a game of pool with my friends
pool is fun to play
yeah , my friends say i'm quite excellent at it . do you have a job ?
i bake out of my home bc i'm a stay at home mom
i love the style i'm an art teacher at a middle school
that is cool i'm not into art
its not for everyone . neither are unicorns , but they're for me !
that cool just like baking anit for everyone
if you could see anyplace in the world , where would you go ?
i would like to go alaska
cool . i want to visit and explore around the pyramids myself
that really cool to know
persona
i love the natural world beauty.
i practice yoga and hike.
i m obsessed with animals.
i believe in fairytales.
my family is poor.
persona II
i like the movie godfather.
i weight 300 pounds.
i am not healthy.
i like candy and soda.
i'm a man.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
great , just finished my afternoon yoga . how about you ?
that sounds so relaxing , i'm not the healthiest person . yoga is not my thing
really ? what do you do for relaxation or fun then ?
i'm very big into mob movies and i snack a lot . typical guy stuff
i prefer fairytale type movies . do you like the outdoors ?
not particularly , i like nature but i am not very fit
what kind of work do you do ?
i work from home , what about you ?
i love animals and the outdoors , so i work at the zoo .
that sounds like a wonderful job
yes , but it doesn't pay very well .
that's unfortunate , but it must be worth it working with cool animals
yes . my family is quite poor , so we cannot afford to go to the zoo .
you must be happy to be able to bring them now then
i am . do you have any family ?
persona
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i'm not much of a fan of hot weather.
i would travel the world if i could.
persona II
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i've a pet snake.
i am a famous video game character online.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
good ! just listening to some music . you ?
playing games online . and playing with my pet snake .
i love snakes , i just read a book about snakes recently !
i love them too . i dream of living in the middle of the desert .
i'd rather live somewhere with cooler weather !
not fond of the cold , but i am an engineer intern and live in the cold .
i would love to travel and visit somewhere very cold
somewhere in alaska , or iceland ?
would love to visit alaska , i've read several books about alaska ! i've some family there
wisconsin is too cold for me , lol .
what type of music do you like ? i enjoy anything except country !
ll , yeah me too . i cannot cope with country .
what do you do for fun ? i enjoy hanging out with my friends .
persona
ocd rules my life , and i've a hard time relinquishing control.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
my friends tell me that i'm a neurotic hypochondriac.
persona II
i eat mainly chinese food.
i'm single and live alone.
i'm a night owl.
i do not have a good social life.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hey , i am pretty good . my name is jonas , whats yours ?
i am kevin . i am a night owl . tell me about you .
oh i am in early , i am a elementary school teacher . what kind of food do you like ?
i love chinese food a lot . how about you ?
i like vegan chinese food . stir fry . . etc i do have to separate the veggies though
cool . do you like teaching ?
yeah its great ! i teach at a private school in utah . what do you do ?
i am a student . i am single and live alone .
must be nice to live alone , am i right ?
it has its perks . i don't have a good social life .
understood . i've a bit of ocd that makes it hard to do much outside of teaching
persona
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
persona II
i think beets are the best vegetable.
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i live on a beet farm.
i am a paper salesman.
my favorite animal is a bear.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
fine , juan is on tour again with chainsaw wrench
are there any shows you'd recommend to watch ?
the one in guadalajara if you can afford it , i wish we still lived there .
what is your favorite animal ?
you . college sucks .
what do you do for a living ?
college .
do you have a favorite tv show ?
do you ?
battlestar galactica
yeah , its alright . i am gonna teach calculus at camp next summer
cool . i am a paper salesman
gross .
persona
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i am twenty six years old this may.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
persona II
pizza is my most favorite thing.
i enjoy taking late night walks when its completely dark.
i like reading.
my favorite band is dream theater.
i like being by myself.
dialogue
hi how are ou doing ?
not so good . i really need somone to talk to .
what do you do for a living ?
i make minimum wage . i sit in a little box all day . it stinks of gasoline .
lol what do you do for a living ?
i just told you . i work in a gas station . my mother would be so disappointed .
where are you from ? i am in cali
i lived in london for awhile . my mother once danced with rudolf nureyev .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like punk rock . rancid is my fave .
do you have any pets ?
no , i cannot , i'll be moving soon . pets make moving difficult .
were are you moving to ?
i want to be closer to my boyfriend . he's in the navy in san diego .
are you going to find a job ?
i can probably do what i'm doing now . they always need cashiers .
persona
we have two sons.
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to attend wine tours.
i like to paint.
persona II
i've amazing eye sight.
i'm a democrat.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i like to only eat fish.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hows it going , how are you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
so what do you like to do ?
i love going to the ocean
really ? i am more of a museum person . hard to get sunburned there
what do you do for a living ?
although i also like painting , so maybe near the ocean someday
what city are you from ?
i am a physics professor at a small college
what city are you from ?
my wife and i and our two sons live in lake roberd , mn
do you have any hobbies ?
wine tours , that is my favorite one ! you ?
i like camping and hiking
cool , do you go with anyone or solo ?
persona
i live alone in my condo.
i post on reddit often.
my favorite color is blue.
i am an insurance salesman.
persona II
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
i drive a fast sports car.
i like the color purple.
dialogue
all my clothes and furniture is purple .
hi , naomi here . blue , condo , sell insurance . you ?
i drive really fast cars for a living .
get out ! my clothes are purple too . ever heard of reddit ?
yes i used up all my credit cards there .
racer huh ? if you need any insurance ? call me okay ?
sure i call my ex boyfriend every year for his birthday .
really ? did you know can patch rat holes with credit cards ? you can .
my ideal of a perfect person is cher on clueless .
is he stil your ex ? i get lonely alone in my condo . you rent or own ?
yes he is still my ex but birthdays are important to me .
oh okay . i really like blue clues show . you ?
i love that small orange dog on that show .
vera died . she had insurance though . you sing ?
oh my vera died why you did not tell me i'm so heartbroken .
sadly she ate an iguana . but i painted my condo blue . you own your home ?
persona
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i'm a yoga instructor.
i love watching old movies.
persona II
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i have a terrible singing voice.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
dialogue
hello , what are you up to today ?
watching a classic movie the wizard of oz
i've not seen that in a long time . i'm heading to work soon .
yes i happen to be off today no student for my yoga class
i have a night shift at a local diner .
wow i hope to go to a diner when i go to quebec canada
i once saw the grateful dead play there ! what takes you to quebec ?
my wife will land a good job working on diesel trucks
very neat . its a lovely place .
i hope i can land a job there in my field teaching yoga
i am sure . i might even move to canada . i can do my work anywhere .
yes that would be great i hope become one of my yoga student
i think i could do yoga . just don't ask me to sing terrible singing voice !
just like in the old movie comedy
persona
i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am the oldest sibling.
persona II
i work for a large law firm.
i listen to classical music.
i am married with three kids.
i enjoy golfing.
dialogue
hey there , are yu married ?
fine am not yet married .
oh ok i'm . and i have 3 kids . lol that is why i golf every weekend haha
i play volley ball in my free time and happy alone .
well that's good . there is nothing wrong with that . you like music ?
yes , i listen to gospel music and slow jams .
oh ok that's cool . i love classical personally
when am angry , orchestral music cools me down .
that is always good . where do you work ?
am an accountant of our construction company .
oh ok that is pretty cool . i am a receptionist at a law firm
we need a marketing agent in our company , can you join us ?
persona
i feel overweight.
i am a mother.
i want to feel pretty.
i like to eat.
persona II
my father used to be a mechanic.
i like to play video games.
i'm a musician.
my favorite band is hop along.
i have been working the same job for two years.
dialogue
hi ! i cannot stop thinking that i need another coffee , what do you think ?
i well i feel fat so i'm gonna skip coffee but i could use one
why do you feel fat ?
because i love food . all i do is eat .
my dad was a fat mechanic ! what did you last eat ?
i just want to feel beautiful .
you can be fat and beautiful , i promise .
i know i feel like my mother .
is that a good or a bad thing ? i am going to write a song about you
bad . because i am a mother .
you are a mother and feel like your mother ? that doesn't sound too bad .
true . i just love food .
i love food too . and video games
that is so great to hear
persona
we drink beer and eat food.
i like football.
my friends like watching it to.
we watch the games together.
its great fun.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i like to run.
my hair is long and blonde.
my mother died when i was a child.
cooking is my passion.
dialogue
hello , i'm mia . whats your name ? where do you live ?
hi i'm samantha . i live in alabama and i love football .
hi samantha . i like the rams , mostly because blue is my favorite color . do you play sports ?
no , but i watch football with friends and drink beer . do you like beer ?
a little . i mostly run track and i like to cook . what color is your hair ?
my hair is brown . . . and some gray p stress of football lol
i've long , blonde hair . i am only 22 . my mom died over 20 years ago .
oh sorry . running track can help . alabamas sport college . check it out .
who is your favorite team , samantha from alabama ?
alabama . . . great track team , too . do you like beer ?
i had a couple coronas a few weeks ago . i'm not really a drinker .
i like sweet beer , you should try lindemann framboise great lambic beer .
persona
i like wide , open spaces.
i'm active on my city council.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i have 10 alpacas.
persona II
my father was a famous actor.
i do not like acting.
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
i do not like kids.
dialogue
hello , i am pleased to meet you ! tell me about yourself .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am well . i just got back from visiting my father
what does your father do for a living
he is a famous actor ! you may have seen him in the recent movie it
noah , was he the clown ? spooky
yeah ! he has made a good career from it . i personally don't enjoy acting though .
what do you do for a living
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars
how many cars do you have ?
i currently have 3 ferrari . do you like cars ?
cars are alright . i really love my 10 alpacas though .
that is awesome . do you live on a farm ?
i do , i eat locally made food from it .
persona
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy running.
my favorite color is green.
persona II
i drive a truck.
i graduated high school.
i like rap music.
i live on a farm.
dialogue
hi , hows it going with you ?
hey , pretty good . you ? what do you do for fun ?
i'm good . i listen to rap music . do you like music ?
nice . ca not say i do . i like going to national parks .
that sounds fun . i pass through lots of parks driving my semi .
nice , i see a lot of semis on my daily runs .
yeah , i bet . so are you in school ?
nah , i'm done with school . i work in an office . you ?
i'm done with school too . do you like your job ?
its okay but i look forward to getting home . i'm a gamer .
cool . when i am home i care for the farm animals
nice . i love animals . what are your favorites ?
probably the sheep . what animals do you have ?
i've a couple of shelter dogs .
persona
i am a yoga instructor.
i've two chiuahuahs.
i love horses.
i collect seashells.
persona II
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
my parents recently moved to florida.
i love to cook.
i'm going on a cruise next month.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
dialogue
good afternoon . how are you today ?
i am well . . . . got a small problem maybe you can help
hopefully . what is going on ?
i've horses . . . should i pay to board or buy something that will accommodate them
my folks just moved to florida and they wound up paying to board theirs .
i also have dogs , chihuahuas , but they're small and can go anywhere
true . my deadbeat brother just couch surfs , he could help our folks .
and he should . . . i hope he works . . . i teach hot yoga
he doesn't . after a decade i am going on a cruise and i need him to .
when you go on your cruise . . . remember to get seashells . . . love sea shells
true , i love shells . i love cooking too but i collect a lot of florida shells .
what do you like to cook . . . . you cuisine of choice
breakfast ! i make killer omelets , biscuits and gravy , hash .
what do you put in your omelets ?
persona
during the week , i work as a barista.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
my favorite book is the bible.
persona II
i used to travel the usa playing guitar.
i recently started to work online.
i eat meat.
i used to work at a factory making boxes.
my favorite band is the story so far.
dialogue
i use to play guitar for a living but now i work at home on my computer .
i love the guitar . what type of music ?
i used to work on the road but now i work online . its a lot quieter here .
what type of work online ?
a few rock and metal bands from back in the day when that was cool .
that s cool i like to sing .
customer service . i was making boxes at a factory but low pay .
i work at a coffee shop to make money .
that would be good . i like coffee and i eat a lot of meat like beef jerky
i like in n out . that's my favorite .
i played hundreds of coffee shops over the years . we might have met .
it s a possibility i live in a small town .
the story so far is my current favorite . i like colombian deep roast too .
what kind of guitar do you play ?
persona
i've red hair.
my name is nick.
i have lots of friends.
i like to ride my scooter.
persona II
i live in an apartment.
i'm one of four siblings.
i like to draw.
my mother is a teacher.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am good hope you are well
i am . i have just been sat here drawing . i love to draw
i just came from outside . i was riding my scooter .
i used to ride scooters with my four siblings !
i've many friends but few siblings
its weird when raised in a big family home , now living in an apartment
everyone in my family has red hair .
my mother had red hair . all of her students call her mrs ginger
what is your favorite color ?
i love pink and green , especially when i draw .
i like to draw too . i use a lot of purple .
my mother taught me to draw she's a great teacher .
i learned to draw after my dog passed .
oh i'm sorry to hear that !
he was a very good friend the best ever .
persona
i am a meataholic.
i love rap music.
i like smoking weed.
my dad works for stifle.
i have a job as an it agent.
persona II
i am a mother.
i am a nurse at a hospital.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
my favorite food is mexican food.
i love to read and cook.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? my name is mary .
i'm good how are you ?
i am good , but so tired . its been a long day at work .
what do you do ?
i'm a nurse at a hospital . also a mother to three kids . what about you ?
i'm an it tech
that is interesting . what are your interests ?
music , computers . . . u ?
reading , cooking especially mexican food !
i cannot read over music so i never read lol
i also love listening to the rolling stones at home after work . helps me unwind .
kool
its been great getting to know you !
same here !
persona
my favorite book is twilight.
i have 6 toes on one foot.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
i've glasses.
i hate skiing.
persona II
i like cats.
i m a vegetarian.
i live in my parent s basement.
i read a lot of used books.
i work in a flower shop.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hey there , i'm doing alright , tired . you ?
just a little sad today
how come ? done anything to de stress ?
i just want a little kitten to come home to and my parents said no
awe really ? i've four gorgeous cats
i've to follow their rules since i live in their basement
my dad is the same way , tried to get rid of my last one
i'm glad my parents don't get rid of any books i own
i love twilight , whats your favorite ?
harry potter i own several used copies of each book
i actually have a harry potter tattoo , much love there
i've two , i am not sure if my job will allow the one i want
i've 9 , including wrist and neck , and jobs hate it .
i think the flower shop wants no visible ones
have you not asked them about it ?
persona
through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
persona II
i speak fluent italian.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my mom is an osteopath.
i'm a cat owner.
dialogue
good afternoon . how are you ?
i am great how are you
bene . sorry , i love to speak italian
i do not know it
i love to travel and italy is one of my favorite destinations
that sounds like a great place to go
speaking italian and my eyes being different colors , i get lots of strange looks .
i look at make up tutorials
my mom practices osteopath so she is against make up
i would love to learn
she also hates my cat , so i do not believe anything she says .
why do you not believe her
with natural medicine everything to her is bad .
that's , i do not know what to say
well she has her way of doing things and i do mine .
i am out of control to
persona
i love non gmo foods.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love cold weather.
persona II
ariel is my favorite princess.
i'm in high school.
i love to dance.
i am on a competitive dance team.
i love disney movies.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight
i am well . just relaxing .
i just came home from a school dance , i was ariel . do you dance ?
i do not dance . i am very bad at it .
i've been taking lessons since i was three , now i do competitions .
wow that's very cool ! do you like cats ?
i do , although we have several dogs now .
i love dogs . do you ?
i do , especially huskies and springer spaniels .
what is your favorite type of dog breed ?
do you have memory or concentration problems ?
yes i do . i am not good at doing math .
i see . do you like the chili peppers ?
yes ! they are my favorite .
mine too . do you love the cooler weather we have been having ?
yes . i like it when it is chilly . do you ?
persona
i eat healthy.
i make straight as.
i am very social.
i'm a high school student.
persona II
i like to watch movies.
i like all types of music.
i like to draw.
i am a mother of 5.
dialogue
hi , sorry i'm late typing . i was watching a movie .
its okay . i cant stay up late tonight . have to study
what are you studying ? hope it is about movies .
no , my high school is hosting a spelling bee . i want to win
nice ! do you get to draw in the spelling bee ? i love drawing .
i am no good at that . i talk better than i can draw
i'm sorry , drawing is so therapeutic . what about music , do you like it ?
no , i don't really have time for it . i'm too busy trying to get a high gpa
that's a great goal . i understand listening to music while studying can help .
i'll have to try that . i usually snack while studying . i love fruit and hummus
my kids love fruit ! i'm forever buying it with 5 kiddos .
wow ! i hope to be a mom one day . right now just focused on getting to college
great goal ! being a mom is great too . we enjoy so much together .
my mom and i talk about everything together . how old is the oldest ?
15 , and i am learning so much from him .
i wonder if i go to school with him ? is he part of the nutrition club ?
persona
i sing in the shower.
i work in a diner.
i'm always late.
i also own a cupcake business.
i live with my best friend.
persona II
i am a female.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am in high school.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing good . just here with my roommate and best friend
what sort of work do you do ? i am in hs still
i cook at a small diner but am often late for work
i am often late too , maybe because of my blonde hair
i also sell cupcakes . i am late because i sing when taking my shower
awesome my favorite food is sausage pizza
i like pizza too . i make my own . do you cook ?
nah for some reason i do not
what do you do when you are hungry ?
mostly i nibble ice cubes but not always
do ice cubes satisfy your hunger ?
only when i add butter and candy
that sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
not much but i love hs it is fun times
that great that you enjoy hs . do you like music ?
persona
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i don't have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asteria.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
persona II
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i am married with 2 kids.
i do yoga three times a week.
i'm a high school teacher.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
hi my name is jenny , from france . i'm in us now .
hey . i'm working in a high school
are you a teacher ? and what is your gender ?
yea i'm and i volunteer too
do you teach french , i love soccer do you play ?
nah . but i do lots of yoga
i hope to make more friends in us , maybe i should do yoga ?
yea do it often . thrice a wk
you want me to do yoga twice a week ?
yea . do it often . its great
i also love to read asteria , do you know what it is ?
yea i love it . its great
tell me about asteria , and how often you read it ?
i read it in many languages
i also draw the comic , do you know how ?
persona
i love animals.
i have trouble losing weight.
i am near sighted and wear contact lenses.
i am a very short woman.
i don t cook and usually eat out.
persona II
i like to go out fishing.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i work out daily.
i play the bass guitar.
dialogue
hey . having a good day ?
how are you doing on this rainy night ?
i'm keeping quite dry . yourself ?
i'm okay thinking of ways to shed these pounds that i have been struggling with .
i know how that's . i keep to daily workouts but love cheeseburgers p
i am looking for my contact lenses that i wear for near sighted .
good luck ! i was practicing playing my bass guitar until i need to pick my mom up .
cheeseburger is what put this 250 pounds on my 4 feet 9 frame .
i honestly find short and curvy to be attractive .
eating out at restaurants everyday is my problem i need to start cooking .
i tend to cook at home . i take my kiddo out to eat maybe twice a month .
i just adore all animals wish i could fit every animal in my home .
i'm sure that you would run out of room !
how many children do you have ?
persona
i love country music.
i like football on tv.
i am a meat eater.
i like to go hunting.
persona II
i am a middle aged woman.
i love my family.
i don t talk a lot.
i like playing basketball.
i love to listen to religious music.
dialogue
good morning , i'm an older woman with a love for basketball . you ?
so you love sports ? how about football . i love watching it on tv
pretty good sport too . love spend family time that way hobbies ?
i love to dance to country music , and i am a hunter ! you ?
i listen to mostly religious music and i'm not a big talker , stay at home mostly
maybe you should come hunting , we don't talk much whilst we go . just enjoy meat afterward
sounds like a blast . do like my meat and potatoes ,
me too ! ! ! throw on some good country music and you gotta hoedown
right ! where are you from
from tennessee , how about you ?
indiana , good ol country girl
what else do you enjoy ?
hiking , fishing , and star gazing mostly quiet activities
we sound like we would get along .
sure do what do you like
outside of hunting , football , and country music , not too much . haha
persona
i listen to metal music.
i have black spiky hair.
i wear a lot of leather.
i have boots i always wear.
i sleep in late during the day.
persona II
i am a graduate student.
i am in between classes.
i volunteer with dogs.
i am always early.
although i am studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
dialogue
hello
hi how are you ?
i'm alright . are you working or just hanging out ?
just having out , listening to some music .
oh , that is cool . . . i just came back from the animal shelter .
nice , do you volunteer there ?
yep . i really like the dogs . what kind of music were you listening to ?
metal music , not a lot of people like it but it excites me .
a lot of energy i guess . i cannot really study with it on though .
what are you studying ?
i am in medical school . studying to be a doctor . what do you do ?
i work at a club where they play metal music .
wow , do you make a lot of money doing that ?
no , but its nice , i get to stay up late and sleep late .
persona
i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.
i'd like to spend more time with my family.
i'm recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.
i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
persona II
i like to play guitar.
mo mother worked as a nurse.
i do not consume caffeine.
i have had the same job for 8 years.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ?
doing well . just hanging out with the family . how about you ?
that is awesome . just got done playing the guitar .
nice , do you like system of a down ?
love them ! i'm so exhausted from playing . too bad i do not drink any caffeine
oh , that's a bummer . i drank a lot of coffee in college ,
my mother drank a ton of coffee when she was a nurse too
i got a business degree . it was a very enjoyable experience
that's awesome . unlike me , i've been at my job for 8 years
oh , i am still searching for a job in marketing . do you like your job ?
i do . i work as an interior designer . its amazing
that is awesome . my cousin does that . do you enjoy concerts ?
i do ! they're a lot here in ny
very cool , i enjoy country concerts .
how fun ! i have never been to one before . where are you from ?
i'm from north of chicago , but just finished school down in missouri
persona
i wear dingy clothes.
i've often been called a slacker.
i'm a weirdo.
i have blue and orange hair.
i ride a skateboard.
persona II
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
my wife makes the best pasta.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i am drinking coffee to wake up .
i am doing great ! coffee is a great pick me up .
yes , it starts the creative juices flowing for me .
what do you do for fun
drawing , painting . my art is my life ! work is play for me !
i skateboard and do normal weirdo things
wow ! is there as skate park near where you live ?
there is a big one they just built with ramps and stuff .
that sounds great ! how often do you get there ?
sometimes once a week but my skateboard is how i get around
a lot of people here do that too . they use the bike lanes .
do you like sports ? i like football
not really into team sports . what is your favorite team ?
i like the denver broncos i even have my hair dyed orange and blue
oh , you probably loved the peyton manning years !
yeah he did the team really good . but i think we will have a good season
persona
i like playing basketball.
i don't talk a lot.
i love to listen to religious music.
i'm a middle aged woman.
persona II
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
my favorite singer is jess greenberg.
i ride a motorcycle , but its not a harley.
i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.
i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
dialogue
i'm so happy i've a new job
very cool . what is your new job ?
i clean gutters for a living
do you play any sports ?
nope just cruise on my motorcycle
i enjoy basketball but also like my motorcycle .
i'm a carb junkie also
i try to eat healthy . but love too many sweets .
me too especially cake and cookies
not much of a talker . enjoy text more .
me too i ate answering my phone
what kind of music do you like ?
jess greenburg is my favorite also
i like all music . but enjoy religious music too .
i shoot bows to for fun
neat . have a great day .
persona
i try to watch what i eat.
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
i am east asian.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i've two smartphones.
i enjoy reading.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i'm a registered nurse.
dialogue
hi names seth and i became a vegan
cool i try to pay attention to what i eat also .
yeah same here . my smartphones ring a lot . for work and personal i've two
what is your favorite food ? mine is veggie pizza .
i enjoy greek vegan penne while watching pretty woman
good movie ! i love italian food .
yeah ? ! what do you like on your italian food . i work as a registered nurse
awesome , i like anything italian really .
really ! ! well that is awesome !
what is your ethnic back round ? mine is east asian
i'm also asian .
wow we have so many similarities !
yeah well this is why we are here to get to know each other .
very true , what are your hobbies ? i enjoy crafting .
besides movies i also crochet
that sounds fun ! do you make blankets ?
persona
i can knit.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austins pride and prejudice.
persona II
i live with my parents.
i love to play soccer.
i am an insatiable reader.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
dialogue
i love soccer to what kind iof disney movies u like
oh i like tangled . my fave
how do u feel about all these hurricanes
i am far away from it so i am good
i'm to i feel bad for everyone that got hit its pretty bad
i'm a barefoot rockstar . i will walk in those flood waters any day
not me do u have any kids
yeah a lot . took many
awww how many how many boys and girls
i've 3 girls and one boy
awwww that is cute i love kids i've 2 and they are boys
boys are crazy . like whoa .
no i think girls are a little more harder to deal with
haha that is cause you only have boys
persona
i prefer summer.
i love butterflies.
i type one handed.
my favorite hero is flash.
persona II
i have 3 science classes.
i work part time in the campus library.
i commute by bus.
i just started college.
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
dialogue
hi i have a part time jb
how are you doing to day
oh good . except i live in florida and hate it
oh i am sorry i love fl but i am sorry for what happen there
it is way too hot here . i like snow
i love snow to that why i love where i live
where is that ? now now
i live in wv but move back to md
i work at library on campus
that's cool i am a stay at home mom
i like to play with legos
i love to bake cakes
i like to play with my cati have to ride the bus
i like to spend time with my family
i really want to live in a dorm
oh ok then that is interesting
persona
i like fruit.
i like green apples.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
i don t like to eat meat.
persona II
i live in the city.
i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
i m the lead singer for an indie band.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am great . i just left the farmers market ! what did you do today ?
not much yet . i've practice for the band i am in .
sounds like fun , what instrument do you play ?
i am actually the lead singer .
cool . what is your favorite song ?
i have a lot of favorites .
do you get free meals when you perform ?
it depends , but many times i do .
that's a great perk ! i hope they have vegetarian options .
oh , are you a vegetarian ? not me .
yes i'm vegan . do you eat all meats ?
i do . my favorite is beef though .
my favorite is green apples , especially the sweet ones .
do you drink ? i love budweiser .
yes i love red stripe beer . have you tried it ?
persona
i've good health.
i'm retired.
i wear glasses.
i stay active.
persona II
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i like to smell my own farts.
i'm from san fransisco.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i'm doing good ! just got done working out . you ?
nothing . sitting here farting . i like the smell .
ll well that is something .
yes , and i always blame others for what do . i am a good person .
that is does not seem good . do you work ? i am retired now
yes . i do . do you work ?
no i am retired . i've to put my glasses on to see this chat better .
oh . well i'm born and raised in san francisco . how about you
i'm from the south land . i've perfect health to enjoy sunny days
nice . i always have to buy the beers for everyone . it sucks sometimes .
hmm that'sn't fair they should pitch in also
persona
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
i'm afraid of spiders.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i'm a pilot.
both of my parents are in the military.
persona II
i'm a psychology major.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i enjoy broadway shows.
i love to travel.
i'm a steelers fan.
dialogue
hello how are you
i'm awesome , thanks for asking .
so what are you into favorite music
i prefer classic motown , and so do my beagles !
i am into the avett brothers right now just heard they are touring
i never heard of them , maybe they will go to utah , where my gf lives .
beagles that's great i've a pitt mix
mine are named chance and boomer . what do you do for work ?
i am in georgia and your girlfriend is in utah
i lived in ga for awhile i was raised as a military brat
me to navy brat and proud
now i fly for the commercial airlines . i do like y job a lot .
my dad taught me to respect the military
as we should . my mom taught me a fear of spiders lol
fear spiders and the steelers dad and football
haha . it was a pleasure to meet you . go canes !
persona
i love to clean my house.
i enjoy reading.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
persona II
i love to read and cook.
my favorite food is mexican food.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
i'm a mother.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i'm good and you
i am good just cooking lunch
what are you having today
mexican food which is my favorite
that does sound tasty do you clean
i do i am a pretty neat person
cleaning is my favorite thing
that is cool what is your job
to clean of course haha
haha i am a nurse so i have long hours
sorry to hear that protect the people
yeah i am also a mom
to how many kids then
persona
i play the piano.
i am a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i'm single.
i am buying a house.
i paddle board on my days off.
persona II
i always have a beer after work.
i'm a roofer.
i played football in high school.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hello , i am well what do you like doing for fun ?
i like being outdoors , playing football
i play on the piano and paddleboard when i don't work . are you single ?
i was married , divorced now
single i am and i am okay with it . i am in the process of purchasing a house .
what do you do for a living ?
nursing is my forte and the hospital i work at gets really busy .
i hate the sight of blood
oh i know , i just enjoy helping people . what do you do for a living ?
i fix roofs , can't be afraid of heights
we can use you in florida , because of irma .
persona
i want a porsche.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i'm often late for class.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
persona II
anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.
i am a shy person but i love to sing.
i was accepted to participate.
my shyness made me panick and i didn't show up.
dialogue
hey what s up with you ?
just laying outside looking at the stars . you ?
that sounds nice . i'm practicing singing
sounds interesting . are you in college ?
yes , a freshman . how about you ?
me too , i am always late for class
haha , i am always early . especially for my music classes .
if i had a porsche maybe i would be on time
oh i think we all wish we had a nice car .
its late here i am getting tired
where are you ? i m in texas .
i am also i am texas . i live alone with my dog
so lonely . i live with my husband and 4 kids .
that's alot of kids how do you do it
persona
i am colorblind.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i am a volunteer firefighter.
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i've a college degree in marketing.
persona II
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
i'm very skinny and energetic.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i have a cheap car my dad gave me.
dialogue
hey , how is everything ? yes i'm still up . i've to quit drinking caffeine !
i hear you ! the firehouse has free coffee 24 7 and i drink it all day !
yeah , i guess that , like me , you have an unhealthy diet as well .
my 30th birthday resolution was to diet , but mom still cooks with salt and lard .
ll i bet that is tough . i recieved a cheap car for my birthday , you ?
my parents gave me a start up business dvd . i want to open a grocery store
nice perhaps one day i can run over and visit your store .
i would love that ! do you run often ? what do you do for work ?
yes , being skinny and energetic , i run very fast for long distances . i'm an officer
kudos ! as a firefighter , i should run more but school took most of my time .
where did you go to school ?
colorado technical university for a marketing degree , but my colorblindness makes the field challenging .
persona
i am trying to build my online business.
i practice yoga daily.
i have a marketing job.
i'm a vegan.
i also meditate a lot.
persona II
i like thomas the tank engine.
i have a dog named percy.
my cat died.
i like books about trains.
dialogue
hi , how are you this evening ?
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
good . just got done reading an interesting book about trains
trains ? was it like a super long documentary kind of thing ?
nope it was on how to make them
that's pretty cool . what do you do for work ?
i work at a community college and you ?
i work in marketing , as well as an online crochet shop i have
do you crochet for kids , adults or animals ?
all three , i do custom orders , blankets , hats , booties . anything i can learn
cool . i need something for percy . he's my dog
well , if you find something or an idea , i can give it a shot
that would be nice . any hobbies besides crochet ?
reading , and meditating , i spend a lot of time trying to de stress
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
my favorite color is red.
i am a student.
i have a pet dog.
i'm an only child.
persona II
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
i'm a humble baker.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i look forward to retiring.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
dialogue
hey friend , how is your evening ?
very good , thanks . who are you ?
just a guy in an apron , lol .
does that mean you are a cook ?
close . i am a baker , although i thought i was going to be an actor .
baker ! do you make pizza ? that's my favorite food !
i only make pizza at home for my wife and kids . i do cakes , mostly .
cakes are good , too . my favorite is chocolate . but what about that actor dream ?
big dreams , and then i fell in love and priorities changed . absolutely no regrets .
kids make is all worth it , right ?
kids , and the woman who can always make me smile . do you have kids ?
not yet . i want at least 3 though .
persona
i love cars.
i am a morning person.
my favorite food is pizza.
i like to role play.
persona II
i play piano.
my favorite color is yellow.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my father is dead.
my hair is short.
dialogue
hello how are you this afternoon ?
hello , how are you doing today
i am good , do you play an instrument ? i like to play the piano
no i like to tinker with cars
i have a yellow camaro , it is my favorite color
yellow is my favorite color also . do you also like pizza ?
yes i do , my boyfriend that's in the army also likes pizza
i like pizza early in the morning for breakfast best .
i don't , i have short hair
me either , but i like to pretend on the internet sometimes .
i'm always on the internet , ever since my father died
i seem to live online pretending to be other people .
i am mostly on social media and youtube
i like muds graphic rpgs
i play a lot of rpgs my self
i'm about 1 2 way through witcher 3 now , love it .
persona
i like folk music.
my hiking boots are pink.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i love to hike.
i work in marketing.
persona II
i work in a warehouse.
i've a very tone body.
i've a collection of video games.
my son is a straight a student.
dialogue
hello there , how is your day going ?
great . just got back from another hiking trip . you ?
at work in the warehouse toning up my body
i do that by hiking up the appalachian trail , the one i like the most .
you do realize that the appalachian trail is 2 , 200 miles right
i did not say i did the whole thing . it takes my mind off marketing
my video game collection takes my mind off things . just throw one in and bang
i strum folk music tunes . that helps too .
sounds good , are you in school ?
no . i am employed in toy marketing .
awesome , hopefully my son can get a good job with his perfect grades
my iridescent pink hiking boots make me more successful at marketing toys i think
that is a very interesting claim
i think children like bright colours .
that is also a very random thought
maybe but imagination comes from non conventional sources
persona
both my parents are creative.
i dream of playing music for a living.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
i'm a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
mom in telecommunications.
persona II
i am an aspiring writer.
i work as an extra for major motion pictures.
i am a talented singer and have won several competitions.
i've a set of identical twin brothers.
i'm a painter and love to create art.
dialogue
hey how are you today
i am great thanks how are you ?
i am pretty good where do you work
i am a full time student , were do you work ?
i want to be a writer but i do extra work
i want to play music for a living . do you like music ?
i do i sing and have won lots
singing is awesome i enjoy it , what else do you enjoy
do you have twins in your family
not that i know of . do you ?
yeah i have twin brothers ha
are they younger or older than you ?
they're the same age but younger
i like salads do you ?
persona
i work at a non profit that helps children.
i m allergic to shellfish.
i like horseback riding.
my favorite food is cheese.
persona II
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i have three dogs at home.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i have a bicycle.
i'm very good at the drums.
dialogue
hello ! i just got done taking my daily blood sugar level . yuck !
i know all about medical stuff ; i struggle with a shellfish allergy .
that stinks . it is rough having any health problems . i should workout .
i'm still sore from horseback riding earlier , or else i'd too
lol , i don't like working out . i guess i should just ride my bike .
riding bikes can be fun too !
yes it can ! i wish my dogs would run while i ride the bike .
i love dogs ! we have some where i work that play with the kids .
that is awesome ! my dogs are all home . there are 3 ! ! !
we have two at work ; i work with a non profit that helps kids .
that sounds like a dream job !
its pretty great to be honest !
i wish i could work with dogs . the only thing i am good at is drumming .
we all have to have something though . that sounds pretty cool to me .
persona
i've 10 piercings.
my favorite food is italian.
i cannot live without my friends.
i like to drive for hours.
i used to smoke.
persona II
my country is russia.
i am a olympian.
i'm a weight lifter.
i can also squat 400 pounds.
dialogue
good day , how are you ?
great ! just got a new piercing ! in my navel ! that makes  altogether now .
10 ? i do not have any piercings , i'm too lean for that .
got them with the help of my friends they're my lifeline .
being an olympian makes it difficult to meet people because i travel often . what about you ?
just getting over being a pack a day smoker . driving endlessness takes the mind off .
yeah , i prefer to work out when i am stressed . do you exercise ?
i should . with all the pasta i eat i need it . i admire people who are fit .
i admire people who just go for it and live their lives freely .
we could get together and be the perfect person !
right ! would not that be fun !
are you in australia ? they say good day down there .
persona
i work for a online company from home.
i cook every night.
i love family time.
i am a soccer mom.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
persona II
i like to hunt.
i have two children.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
both my parents were teachers.
i had two cats growing up.
dialogue
hi how are you
i'm good , a little tired but good !
i just got back from hunting with my sons
another parent ! i'm a full on soccer mom and teach cheerleading on the side
that is great i am trying to get my oldest to play football or baseball
they will find something they like , family time is important as well and sports cut into that
that's true my parents were both teachers so i know how important that's
i am always cooking dinner to ensure family time at least at the dinner table
that is a great idea . what do you do when you have down time
well i do not get much of it , i work from home for a company online
that's sounds like it is perfect when you have kids . i volunteer at the spca
that's a great cause , wish more people helped
its sad seeing all the pets not having good homes especially after the hurricanes
those have been so devastating , more help is needed
yes it is well i have to go help my son with homework nice chatting
you as well , have a good night !
persona
i m the youngest of five.
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
i've pink hair.
i m allergic to bees.
persona II
i love comics.
i work from home.
i have a cat as a pet.
my favorite band is nightwish.
i love reading.
dialogue
hi , i just came back from a nightwish concert .
sounds fun ! how many siblings do you have ? i've five and i am the youngest !
now i am just feeding my cat .
what ? ! i don't like bees . i am allergic to them .
i do not have any siblings , i like being alone .
i like to be around people . i am a nurse .
i work at home as well , so i do not have to deal with people .
where are you from ? i am from grand rapids in michigan . have you heard of it ?
i am scared of bees as well , i've gotten stung before .
ouch ! what do you think of pink hair ? i just dyed my hair pink
i live in california , yes i've heard of it .
nice ! i hope the wild fires there stop soon ! !
i love pink hair , i enjoy reading do you ?
i don't . i read enough at work .
persona
i like to work on cars.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i work in marketing for a large company.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
persona II
i am trying to build my online business.
i also meditate a lot.
i have a marketing job.
i'm a vegan.
dialogue
hi let us get to know each other
yes i concur let us do so . you work ?
i'm working on a new business right now
oh that's exciting what does it do ?
i am selling vegan subscription boxes
i am in marketing with a big firm maybe we can help you with that
that would be great . my day job is in marketing
so before we collaborate i must know do you like music ?
i like peaceful music . for meditating
i'm into classic rock so i think we could work together .
absolutely ! i'm thinking of doing a lot of advertising online
yeah that's the way to go but how will you target people ?
i think it will be important to target the younger generation .
they are poor now but have all the buying power in next few decades .
yes . and they are more likely to order food online
i have seen weather based marketing for food deliver . it is raining , order pizza !
persona
i work in marketing.
i love to hike.
my hiking boots are pink.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i like folk music.
persona II
i wear glasses.
i'm retired.
i stay active.
i have eight grandchildren.
dialogue
hey how are you . all good ?
doing great . just chilling and listening to some folk music tonight .
that's nice . i love to hang with my 8 grand kids
ah . that's a nice size family . any of them old enough to hike ?
not really . i'm too old to hike though
that's to bad . i love it . the appalachian trail is the best . any hobbies ?
not really . apart from reading .
reading is a lot of fun . what types of books do you like ?
i read almost anything . as long as its english
if you read any magazines , you might see some of my work . i am in marketing .
wow . i'm retired . quite a difference
sounds like you have your hands full even in retirement .
yea i try my best to stay mobile
that is a good thing to do . what type of music do you like ?
i don't like music . i'm hard on hearing
oh , i'm sorry . tell me more about your grandkids .
persona
i have a twin sister.
i am a teacher.
i do yoga every morning.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i m a student.
i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i'm a vegan.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
hi , i'm doing well , enjoying relaxing , you ?
i am taking a quite break from studying , but doing fine
college ? i am preparing for my morning yoga class i teach
i am studying with an education program , i want to teach kindergarten .
i couldn't handle bunch of little kids , that is some skill
i go to art museums to calm down when it gets too much
what do you do for fun outside of that ?
i teach vegan awareness at a local farmers market
so you are vegan , is that like a volunteer job ?
it is a lifestyle , i don't use animal products , but i raise awareness too
well i understand that , i meant the teaching at the market
oh yeah , it is a volunteer job that i do
that's cool , my twin and i often switch places and i'll go to her meetings
persona
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my father is dead.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i m a pilot for southwest.
my favorite food is fried chicken.
my son was born completely blind.
i met my wife at a nickleback concert.
i've a twin sister named jessica.
dialogue
hey . . its been a minute . remember me ?
yeah , how are you
its been hard , nate . . bill jr is havin trouble in school
i understand that . i just got back from playing piano at my fathers funeral .
that had to have been hard . i'm so sorry
i broke down before and cut all my hair off , went a little crazy
i'm about to do the same if kids keep teasing bill about his disability blind
that's horrible of them ! so sorry youre going through that
its fine , the wife is cooking my favorite tonight . fried chicken
yum , i couldn't imagine being blind . if i couldn't see yellow , i would die
you should come visit us ! i am a pilot after all , can you say discount ! ! ?
i always forget ! you guys have such a crazy life
whats been up in your life ?
seriously nothing at all . just still teaching piano lessons
wow you really meant it when you said nothing . anyway i have to go
where are you going
persona
sometimes , people worry i'm crazy.
i try not to think about death.
i am obsessed with filming.
i love to put a smile on peoples faces.
i'm a very bad liar.
persona II
i play jazz piano in a band.
my family is from algeria.
i am a barista.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
dialogue
hi ! lets play a guessing game . i think you are a college professor !
ll no i'm not a professor good guess tho
okay , let me try again . teacher ? retired teacher ?
nope i am a comedian i love to see people smile .
ll , i was not even close . . . i work as a barista myself .
mm coffee you make peoples morning happier and for some safer lol
yes , i do . i was born in algeria , we have got great coffee there .
my favorite coffee is colombian . sometimes i'm bad at my job
do you perform professionally ? did you go to school for it ?
no it just comes naturally . i lie very bad and people think i am crazy
well , as long as they keep laughing and keep coming , you are good .
true . what do you do in your spare time
persona
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
i like watching videos of surgery.
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
persona II
i hate broccoli.
i design video games for a living.
my mom is my best friend.
rock music is my favorite.
i am afraid of the dark.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am great . just eating some of my favorite ice cream pistachio .
really , i am glad they don't have broccoli ice cream , i hate it
www . i am also listening to britney spears . she touches my soul .
she's ok , rock is better to be honest
i love playing with double edged weapons . you ?
that is cool but i prefer video games
i prefer videos of surgery . fascinating to be honest .
not really , just gross and bloody
i like bloody stuff . it is so cool .
it reminds me of the dark which makes me afraid of it
you are a silly goose are not you
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i am married with kids.
i enjoy watching baseball.
i have 2 cats and a dog.
persona II
i am allergic to nuts.
i love book.
1984 is my favorite book.
i am in college.
dialogue
hi ! i'm a college student but i'm 65 years old !
wow , that's great ! i'm married with kids , two cats and a dog
cool . i'm allergic to cats , marriage and tree nuts ! ha
do you have any hobbies , i like baseball and my fav , color is orange
yes ! i love to read . books especially . 1984 is my personal favorite
i have been wanting to read that , i love reading too
so much of that is becoming true ! it is a must read .
i'll have to make time to read it .
orange is the new black . did you know that ?
haha i did hear that
have you ever been in prison ?
no i have not , have you ?
persona
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
i enjoy hiking.
persona II
i have trouble getting along with family.
i m usually very shy.
i love the beatles.
i allergic to peanuts.
i like eating vegetables.
dialogue
good morning what is the haps ?
hi ! names harley and my mom has her own fashion brand
i am ted and i like beatles music
beatles are good . i like bob ross .
i do not know who that's and also cannot eat peanut
i work as an accountant to a prestige firm three months ago .
i'm shy but i like veggies and do not know accounting
i also hike in the woods for enjoyment
huh that sound nice i want some vegetables
what kinds of vegetables od you eat ?
carrots and purple things with roots
like eggplants which is purple .
that's one of the best !
yeah i do not eat much eggplants
have you tried frying it ?
no is it good fried ?
persona
i m learning to play the guitar.
i work at the deli counter.
i like to go fishing.
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
i m a college drop out.
persona II
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good and you
great thanks . do you have a hobby ? i really like going snorkeling
i go fishing a lot
have you ever been to a private island ? i like chasing komodo lizards on islands
i've not sounds fun
i like eating the fresh mangoes in the morning on the island too
yeah that does sound nice
do you own any apple products ?
i don't do you
yes . i only use apple products as i believe they're inferior to everything else
you mean they're superior then haha
i guess you could put it that way
yeah works for me then ha
hope you have a great day !
thanks you too kind stranger
persona
i really wanted to be an actor.
i'm in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
both of my parents are doctors.
i am in medical school.
persona II
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i've a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
dialogue
droopy is my dog . you have a dog ?
no i am studying to be a doctor and no time for a pet .
i'm a youtube addict . you ?
i don't want to watch videos , i want to act !
you like shrimp ? i do .
no , but i have fallen hard for a girl who has no idea .
pumpkins taste good . you eat the seed ?
you shouldn't eat seed , says my parents who are physicians .
ever had shrimp and bbq sauce ? its great .
bbq sauce is so pretty when i smear it on the wall .
i read pdfs and stuff . do you ?
being a doc i have no time . i just read x rays .
i have a youtube channel and watch it all the time . you ?
no , like i said , i am more into acting than watching .
i love dogs . you have one ?
i've a rat terrier . i used to have a beagle named snoopy .
persona
both of my parents are doctors.
i really wanted to be an actor.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i am in medical school.
i do community theater when i am not in school.
persona II
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
through them i have learned to make up myself and others.
i have reached 50k subscribers !.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing great ! do you have any hobbies ?
yeah i do peoples makeup and post them to youtube
that's awesome . i'm an actor and do a lot of stage make up
that is great maybe you'd like my youtube channel i have 50 thousand followers
sure have you ever been in love ?
no i haven't but it does seem nice
i'm in love with a guy who doesn't seem to know i exist
www that is sad have you talked to him
kind of . he is got a lot of issues going on in his life . kinda ignores me
you should give him some time maybe when his life mellows out
don't think he will though . he's also busy with medical school .
that is tough if its meant to happen it will
yes . meanwhile i got community theatre to keep me busy . you like theatre ?
i hope things work out for you i've to go
adios ! nice chatting with you .
persona
i m a night owl , but i m an introvert so i don t go out much or anything.
i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
i m a graduate student studying law.
i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.
persona II
i'm a very bad liar.
sometimes , people worry i'm crazy.
i am obsessed with filming.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
i try not to think about death.
dialogue
hi there ! whats your name ?
jack , where you from ? i'm in new york .
the name is sam . i'm from mars !
i usually stay in my apartment , since i pay so much for rent .
that sounds exciting ! not . i am an awful liar
really ? mars ? anyways , you not the only one in my city .
new york would be a great filming location !
we get plenty of that around here , glad my pug keeps me happy
i had a pug once , but it died . i hate thinking about death .
the shops are great ! i just love the life style here .
shopping is fun .
sorry to heard that , i am quiet but do hang out with my guys
whatever i can do to make people smile .
you are a nice person , i want to be a lawer .
persona
my favorite band is nirvana.
i am overall happy with life.
my car needs some repairs.
i'm a waitress at a local restaurant.
persona II
i got a new job.
favorite color is green.
i like cats.
i like cars.
dialogue
i just got hired for a brand new job today
how are you doing tonight
i am fine and you , i am wearing my favorite green shirt
that is is cool and i am great tonight
i found a stray cat today i really adore cats
i am not really a cat person
my new job consist of stealing cars , i love cars
that don't sound like a good job
what do you do for a living
i am a at home mom
it is an awesome job i like to steal green cars
hate to tell you this but that's crazy
where is your mom right now
um she's home why
it is crazy but it is alot of fun
you are acting creepy
persona
i have the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
i'm too short to reach the top shelf.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
persona II
i'm bipolar.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i'm thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i am a mother of three.
dialogue
hi there how are you
hi , i'm great thanks , and yourself ?
good . but a bit bipolar
good ! so tell me a little about yourself .
i am gonna be a mother next year
exciting ! will it be your first child ?
specifically my third child is on the way
oh , cool ! are you looking forward ?
not really . do you like pita bread ? i love having it with hummus
not really , i do love a steak though , cooked medium rare .
that's nice . i love them too .
who doesn't like them ? !
persona
running is a hobby.
i work as a grill cook.
my favorite band is pink floyd.
i am looking for a second job.
my dream is to own my own restaurant.
persona II
i like to go running.
i'm 6 foot tall.
i love to dance.
i used to play hockey.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hello , i'm doing well . out looking for another job .
what are you interested in doing ?
restaurant or sporting goods store . i am a grill cook and saving for my own kitchen
i worked at a restaurant when i was in school . helped pay the bills
i am in culinary school , and want to open a restaurant named the wall .
interesting name , is it strictly a restaurant or is it a club type place ?
it is after pink floyd , lol .
good album , i like to dance , not sure if pink floyd is the best for that
it will work for what i want to do . i prefer to run .
me too , i usually like running cross country type trails
i like those as well , until i see a stick , and think it is a snake .
not a lot of snakes here , more likely to see a bear lol
nice ! i have never encountered one , as they're not around here .
lots of winter here , i like to run , but i really enjoyed hockey
hockey is the best . my husband loves all of the ball sports .
persona
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
persona II
i love all of my beautiful children.
i am a humble baker.
i look forward to retiring.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
dialogue
hello . how is your day ? man i am looking forward to retiring .
what job do you currently have
i am a baker . breads , cookies , cakes
do you make ginger snaps
yes i do . my adorable kids love them
those are by far my favorites
it pays more than being a struggling actor which is what i wanted to do
yeah i bet do you like to hike
what do you do for a living ?
i'm in between jobs right now what about you
i'm baker . i made the best cookies yesterday
cool i hiked up a volcano last week it was awesome
i would love to do that especially in hawaii
yeah you should try it sometime
persona
i've a lot of style.
i enjoy organizing my surroundings.
when i am stressed , i overeat.
i love kids.
persona II
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
dialogue
hello , what do you do ?
i eat a lot and like clothes . ll !
you might like my food then , i'm a cook !
awesome ! then i bet you are organized like me . i really enjoy keeping things in order .
absolutely . i had to keep all my stuff in perfect when hiking this summer .
do you like kids ? i love them !
i like them , but i also write romance books in my spare time .
who is your favorite author ?
john steinbeck . how about you ? what types of food do you like ?
probably tom clancy . i like korean food mostly . you ?
anything quick and easy burgers , omelettes . etc . music tastes ?
indie mostly , but i'll listen to most anything .
i'm a big grateful dead fan . some might call me a groupie !
interesting . well it was nice talking . have a good day !
thanks , you too !
hmm . do not know how long to keep going ?
persona
i am a woman.
i've several children.
we have a dog.
my parents are still married.
we live in a rural area.
persona II
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i recently got a cat.
i love watching game of thrones.
i have four children.
i'm an artist.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
good . just got back from walking the dog . you ?
oh , you are a dog person ! i just got a cat ;
that's cool . we have 3 kids and they wanted a dog .
that's funny ! we have 4 kids , and they wanted a cat ! !
lol ! being a mom i gotta try to give the kids what they want !
i hear you . i love me time watching game of thrones when they go to bed though
same here . my folks are still together and they like got as well .
do you ever go for walks ? i enjoy getting exercise tiring the kids out for bed haha
yes . we are outside of town , rural and we walk the dogs a lot .
i bet that's a great place to draw . i sell art for a living
it is . also it is very quiet out here .
sounds peaceful ! maybe i should think about moving the kids and i
we are up here in durham nc .
oh , wow . that is far away from me . i'm in utah
it isn't quiet and peaceful in utah ?
persona
i've long red hair.
i own 10 cats.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i work at home on my computer.
i don't eat asparagus.
persona II
i like to watch anime.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like being weird.
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing well and you ?
i am doing well . just been watching some anime .
awesome ! i hanging out with my 10 cats
that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .
they sure are a handful ! all they eat is asparagus since i do not like it
haha , that is a good way to get rid of the asparagus .
it sure is ! what do you do for work ?
i am an artist . i love drawing my friends as characters from my little pony . you ?
interesting ! i work on my computer from home
that would be nice . i would love to work from home .
it is nice . i ear enough money to buy blue jello , my favorite .
persona
i am canadian.
i have two cats , milo and fio.
my favorite sport is soccer.
my brother works at best buy.
persona II
i'm the president.
i used to own a casino.
i've lots of cash.
i've been bankrupt and back.
dialogue
together , we are going to make america great again , by getting rid of fake news .
i'd not know about that , being from canada .
i own hotels in canada , they're the greatest . i am rich , very rich .
it must be nice to be so rich . my brother supports us . i lost my job .
we are going to bring jobs back to this country , manufacturing jobs .
that doesn't help me out much , but thank you for telling me .
i'm really rich and have a big brain . okay ?
i like a man with a big brain , but i hate a man with small hands .
my hands are huge . my iq is huge . i am really rich . okay ? i won the election .
how big was the crowd at your inauguration ? huge ?
it was the biggest . no one has ever seen a crowd this big . you love ivanka , right ?
i think i saw her playing soccer once , so yeah .
everyone loves ivanka . i am rich , really rich . okay ?
my brother makes 11 an hour at best buy . i know what its like to be rich .
we are going to make america great again !
you keep saying that . you know i don't live there , right ?
persona
i'm a older gentlemen.
i love to travel.
i've a passion for god.
i am married.
persona II
i work from home.
i love reading.
i love comics.
i have a cat as a pet.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
it is great . i'm traveling at the moment .
do you travel for work ? only travel i do is through reading i love it !
i simply love traveling and spread the message of god .
that is wonderful i stay at home and work from there
i married a wonderful woman who does the same . i am old and retired .
that's nice did you guys have children ? my only child is my cat
we didn't . we have pursued our love in traveling the world instead .
that's awesome , maybe one day ! right now i spend my extra time reading comics
reading is great . especially in my older age
yea it takes you anywhere you want , you can take your mind off stress
definitely . reading and god are my stress relievers .
yes , do you attend church services ?
yes i'm about to leave to go now actually
wonderful , say a prayer for me
i would be more than happy to .
persona
i like reading.
i enjoy taking late night walks when its completely dark.
i like being by myself.
my favorite band is dream theater.
pizza is my most favorite thing.
persona II
i am a teacher.
i drink coffee every day.
i have a twin sister.
i love chocolate.
i do yoga every morning.
dialogue
hi , i'm snacking on chocolate
i just heated up some leftover pizza . its my fav food ever .
no , me i've coffee daily
i wish i ate pizza everyday . what do you do for fun ?
no much i spend a lot of time teaching
nice . what do you teach ? i like to read so i do that daily .
2nd grade i think , i do yoga daily , and i've a twin
i like to run and i love walking especially when its really dark out
oh , i used to do that when i lived in the mountains
nice . where exactly did you live ?
no just in rural pennsylvania
rural sounds peaceful . i don't like being around a lot of people so i want space .
persona
madonna is my sister.
i'm next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
i have five cats.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
persona II
i grew up as an orphan.
i often play the clown to get attention.
i want people to notice me.
i will work hard for whatever i want.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing well . i hope you are .
i'm doing pretty good . do anything cool today ?
i had lunch at taco bell . so exciting .
nice lol . i like being noticed by people so i act like a clown .
my sister , madonna loves attention . she's jealous of me .
well growing up an orphan i did not get my attention so that's why i do it .
i could be the next queen of england . makes my sister crazy .
queens get stuff handed to them . i work hard for everything i want .
i hang out with my give cats . they get me .
you are their queen i take it ?
that is right . they have matching blue collars too . it is cute .
that's so adorable . i love cats . they have a cool personality .
they do , i agree . always ready for a snuggle .
persona
my sister is a guitarist.
i like going barefoot.
i can knit.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
persona II
i love to have my nails done.
i m allergic to cats.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i've one little boy named owen.
my husband is a corporate attorney.
dialogue
what are you up this weekend ? maybe we can go get a mani pedi ?
sure . then we can go watch my sister s band . she s a mean guitarist
i will have to see if i can get a babysitter for my son owen .
sure . hey , did that cap i knitted for him fit ?
yes it did thanks a lot
i did while listen to my fav audiobook pride and prejudice
they have books you can listen too ?
oh sure . lots of them . as an english tutor i happy for any way to enjoy books
i have never really read books unless it is about makeup .
any kind of reading is good . are you like being a makeup artist ?
i don not work since my husband is a hot shot corporate attorney
wow that s fancy . i bet you have tons of shoes . love shoes but love being barefoot too
i love evening gowns and all shoes probably from growing up competing in beauty pageants
i love watching miss america on tv . have you participated in that ?
no i only competed when i was younger . do you have any animals ?
yes i've a pet owl
persona
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
my favorite book is the bible.
persona II
i have three great danes.
i despise sweet potatoes.
i'm a weightlifter.
i run marathons.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hi i'm doing pretty good . how about you ?
i'm doing great might go for a run in a little while .
that's good . i just back from work . i'm a barista at a cafe .
you must get tired of smelling coffee
i don't mind . i work a lot during the week so i can have weekends free .
weekends off is always great . i'm a fitness buff so i'm a trainer
that's cool . i use the weekends to go to craft shows . i enjoy it .
they can be fun i race in marathons on the weekends in the summer and spring
you are very active . i really like to read .
what kind of books do you like
my absolute favorite is the bible .
it is called the good book
my boyfriend and i read it in our apartment all the time .
persona
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to go to the movies.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
persona II
i'm an only child.
my favorite color is purple.
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i really love plants.
dialogue
hi there , do you have siblings ? i am an only child .
hi i don't where do you work
at a zoo i love pets and plants . i have a pet lizard name gila .
cool do you drive a lot
i do . what is your favorite color ? purple is my pleasure .
ink really do you read stuff
yes i read everyday i'm a bookworm .
do you read stuff in a series ?
those are the best because when i read a good i do not want the book to end .
yeah what is your favorite series
harry potter , i've read them twice .
nice he has funny hair
i have always been a fan of harry .
yeah he is a good boy i say
persona
i love cooking !.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
my favourite colour is green.
persona II
i don t like beer.
i live with a roommate.
i work part time.
my favorite animal is the koala.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
great ! got some good news today
really , like what ? only good news i've is , i just got off work lol
my cooking just got nominated to be featured on the food network
that is good news , congratulations !
thanks , it is a big deal for me
my life sucks , i share an apartment and only work four hours .
aww , i wish you the best , things will get better
i'd drink my worries away but i do not care for beer .
me neither actually , alway prefer to stress eat
only good thing right now is my pet koala , she's super cute !
what ! ? ! never met someone with a pet koala
lol there's a first time for everything ! i stress eat as well .
what is your koalas name ?
persona
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i geocache in my spare time.
i am a school psychologist.
chocolate is my favorite food.
persona II
i usually go to bed late.
i am studying to be a dentist.
my favorite team is the raptors.
i like sports.
my favorite band is rise against.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you today ?
great ! i work at a school as a psychologist . what do you do ?
i'm in school right now . hoping to become a dentist .
i'm furthering my education too ! i'm taking piano lessons .
i love music . do like rise against ?
no , i just like classical . my favorite food is chocolate . yours is ?
chocolate is so bad for your teeth !
agreed ! what do you do for fun . i geocache when i've time .
i am into most sports . the raptors are my favorite team .
i like sports too ! i am an equestrian .
horses are great animals . do you have any pets ?
i do ! 1 horse , 3 cats , 1 dog . what about you ?
i don't have any pets . i am too busy with school .
understood . between piano lessons , geocache , and being elementary psychologist i am busy .
sounds like it . i stay up very late at night studying .
my favorite food is chocolate for late night studying !
persona
one day i'd really like to skydive.
when i'm not touring with the band , i like to garden.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i have a farm with pigs , horses and hens.
i love animals.
i love country music.
i love dancing.
dialogue
i don't have a sister or brother and feel life is incomplete .
that is sad . i have a twin brother and we live together .
how can i put it like those who have them ?
i'm not understanding your question .
how can i make life complete with out them ?
well i volunteer at a humane society and meet lot so people .
i only had one friend in life and is going abroad for further studies .
i tour with a band , maybe you could do something like that .
my parents can not allow me because they are over protective .
i like to garden maybe you could start a community garden .
can it open up to me and stop being alone
for sure anything to meet people .
persona
i like free diving.
i wish i could live forever.
i really like technology.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i only date people taller than me.
persona II
i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.
i think i might need help.
i live with my parents.
i m bisexual.
dialogue
omg my parents are driving me crazy , even though i love them .
there is only one thing you can do with bad parents
yeah get a new job because i was just fired and move out !
my cat is larger than my dog
is he fat or is your dog a midget ?
i think it is a little bit of both
hold on , my girlfriend is knocking on my window and don t want parent to know !
sneak her in through the dog door .
i got her inside . my parents are freaking out because they think i m gay
well they might have a point .
i like guys as well as girls . but having a therapist talk to them would be good .
you need to smell your own farts
that s really gross . are you an adult ?
yeah , i thought you were someone else .
you sound confused . are you drunk or maybe slow ?
i am just misunderstood , you know ?
persona
i am a vegan.
i am from seattle.
my favorite band is bon over.
i work in public relations.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
persona II
i'm a michigan state trooper.
i have two siberian huskies.
i've four daughters.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i play guitar.
dialogue
i'm a trooper , for michigan state , so watch out !
wow go blue i live in seattle
jeb and george are the names of my 2 siberian huskies , license please !
i grew up being a buddhist what relation and type of food do u like
food , i love chocolate cake , with frosting , extra frosting , registration now !
i like vegan food . . . i really love bon over for music
that explains things , i've got 4 kids , all daughters , you have a twilight out !
i work in seattle for public relations
my huskies are siberian , both of them ! hands on the wheel !
cool what u do for fun
i like the guitar , i can play it !
cool i play the drums
persona
i've been in a relationship for 2 years.
my major is in business administration.
i work at a daycare.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
i'm a college student.
persona II
i'm a judge in the circuit court.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i used to be a lawyer.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
dialogue
hello there . how is it going ?
hi its being good for me how about you ?
i'm fair . what do you do for a living ?
right now i work for a daycare while i go to college .
that is cool . what are you studying ?
business administration . its hard good thing i am about to finish .
ya finish strong . and never stop progressing . i started a lawyer and now i'm a judge
wow good job ! my girlfriend is a lawyer too .
that's cool . are you thinking marriage after college ?
yeah we have been in a relationship for two years now i think its time .
ivie been married 29 years . when its to the right person it is a wonderful thing
yeah my parents have been married for a long time also .
well it was nice talking to you . have a great day !
you have a great day too !
persona
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
i work at the deli counter.
i m learning to play the guitar.
i like to go fishing.
persona II
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
i go visit them sometimes.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
my best friend lives in a big city.
dialogue
hey there how are you ? i cannot wait till it snows !
i'm well , how about you . me too so i can go fishing .
i like to visit my mom while she works she's a social worker .
i work at a grocery store in the deli counter .
i like to grow my fruit an vegetables in her garden .
do you like music ? i love music from jimi hendrix .
i do , i want to go to nyc an see the ball drop for the new year .
that's an amazing experience , i am taking guitar lessons
cool , any good as of yet ?
not good , i just started my classes
awe you'll get better you wait an see .
yeah , i hope so . i am really passionate about it . do you have a hobbie .
when you get a chance post it on fb
i'll , i am going to try to post youtube videos later on .
persona
i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.
i am a professional bowler.
i'm divorced and looking to date.
i work at an insurance firm.
persona II
my parents are lawyers.
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
i once swam with manta rays.
my favorite show is csi.
i hate winter and the cold.
dialogue
hello there how are you today ?
i am ok just tired . its been a long day
it is sunny here but winter is coming i hate the cold
i prefer the heat myself . i just divorced last year and i'm finally trying to date again
ouch that sounds tough lawyers are in my family parents
its not to bad . i meet a lot of people working for an insurance company
i always wanted to work for the smithsonian
i have no idea what that's haha
big museum i could act out csi every day
so you watch a lot of csi then lol . i bowl professionally
i like the carribean i swam with manta rays in the caymans
i bet that was a lot of fun .
it sure was wish i was there now
yea i've never been to the carribean . i would love to go
persona
i don't like vegetables.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
my favorite store is american eagle.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
i love to go running.
persona II
i usually go to bed late.
my favorite band is rise against.
i like sports.
my favorite team is the raptors.
i'm studying to be a dentist.
dialogue
hi , how are you tonight ? i'm up late like usual
up late about to cook .
awesome ! i'm watching sports
what type of work do you do ?
but i should be studying for my big dentist exam
do yo have any kids ?
i pull crocodile teeth and in dental school . my crocodiles are my babies
how many pets do you have ?
sadly , my crocodiles ate my pets . i guess that wasn't a good idea .
what do you like to eat ?
alligator ! its so tender ! ! but never crocodile
do you like to swim ?
persona
i work at google.
i live in seattle.
i am a software engineer.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
persona II
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i work for a government agency.
my favorite food is pizza.
i like sports.
i prefer baseball over football.
dialogue
hello , i am eating pizza and watching the nationals . what are you up to ?
oh nothing much just watching tv
you watching sports ? i love all basketball more than football .
what do you do for a living ?
i work for the epa . what do you do ?
i work for a software company
do you code or something else ?
yes i guess you can say that
cool ! what is your favorite team ? mine is the nationals .
i like the sea hawks
nice , what is your favorite food ? i could eat pizza every day .
i'd have to say lobster
persona
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
persona II
i've blue eyes.
my father died when i was 2.
my favorite season is spring.
i love fishing.
i hate to lose.
dialogue
hi , how are you this evening ?
i'm doing well . i'm graduating soon , so super excited ! you ?
congrats ! i'm about to start college . any advice ?
take time to experience everything and try out new things . its a unique time .
thanks , i'll keep that in mind . . . i just want to apply myself to my fullest .
its a great time . i wish i had taken advantage of more of the opportunities sometimes .
what would you have done differently ?
studied abroad . taken more classes in a wider variety of subjects .
i know what i am going to do . i am going to win . win at everything i do .
that's a good plan . take advantage of the opportunities you have .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to crochet . and listen to my brothers band . what about you ?
cool but not really competitive . i like fishing for the biggest trout !
i hate fish . ll . allergic to shellfish myself .
persona
i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.
i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.
my name is jovannie and i m 19.
persona II
i am a female.
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i am very short.
i have 2 kids.
i hate tomatoes.
dialogue
hi , i'm a single mother , with 2 sons .
hi , that must be hard i just got out of high school
i am not a fan of tomatoes , and am in a wheel chair
i really like tomatoes they're in my pizza puffs . sorry about being the wheel chair
yeah well it happens after being in an accident and getting hit .
did the person that hit you get what he deserved
i am quite short . my  year old son teases me .
that is not nice . people are mean that is why i have imaginary friends
it was an accident . the ground was wet and slippery and lost control .
that's still sad . i live next to miley cyrus
wow luck you ? she a good neighbor to be around ?
yeah she's but i do not see her much
as long as you get along that is a good thing
yeah it is pretty cool . do you like barbeque sandwiches
persona
i live alone in my condo.
my favorite color is blue.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i'm an insurance salesman.
persona II
i'm vegan.
i work at a retail store.
i live close to the coast.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i have red hair.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i am doing great . how about you ?
good , thanks ! just got off work , long day at the retail store .
i understand long days . i sell insurance . its boring .
what do you do in your spare time ?
on the weekends i love taking my bike out for a ride
nice ! i really love talking walks along the beach .
i live on a lake . i own a condo .
i live right by the coast . across from a vegan restaurant perfect for my cravings .
living by water is therapeutic . blue is the color of water .
it is ! makes me feel like the little mermaid with my red hair .
it my favorite color and i am surrounded by it
red is your favourite or blue ?
lol blue is . that is why i like being around the water .
persona
i hate green beans.
i m easily agitated.
i love to watch game shows.
i m very religious.
i just took a trip to london.
persona II
i'm a deaf man.
i love to read books.
i never learned how to drive.
my favorite number is 7.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . tell me a little about yourself .
well , i am deaf , so i read a lot .
i love to read too , mostly the bible and religious materials .
oh yes , i love the bible . being a man of religion myself .
do you like to travel ?
i do , especially on 747s . i love the number 7
interesting . i took a 747 on my recent vacation in england .
i am actually from there . i never learned to dive as public transport is so good
public transport drives me crazy ! i get so annoyed .
just take a good book and i quite enjoy it
the whole experience annoys me . do you watch tv ?
yes , i love tv . specifically channel 7
i like jeopardy myself and wheel of fortune .
oh , they do not show those on channel 7 . what else do you like ?
i go to church daily and a weekly bible study .
persona
i have a crush on my co worker.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
i love candy.
persona II
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
i like going to rock concerts.
i grew up on a farm.
on weekends i go out with friends.
dialogue
hi there , i'm enjoying a hearty late breakfast of eggs and bacon
oooh , that's a good breakfast ! is that one of your favorite meals ?
i love breakfast ! ! sometimes even for dinner lol
hehe , what else do you like ? me , i love skateboarding do a lot on weekends
i love going to rock concerts with friends
awesome ! what bands do you guys like to go see ?
i love ac dc and up
ac dc is awesome ! they have got so many great hits ! amazing how their fans vary in ages
yea they are awesome , i love hells bells lol
lets back in black , who made who , thunderstruck , and , of course , you shook me all night long
thunderstruck is one of my fav too
so , what do you do for a living ? i work at this art factory
i work for uncle sammy lol
oh , you in the military ?
nope but not far from that either lol
one thing about my job , i get to dress casual . t shirt and jeans ! hehehe
persona
i live in an apartment.
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i can t whistle.
i've 4 pets.
my favorite food is jello.
persona II
i love country music.
i like to go hunting.
i drive a big truck.
i like football on tv.
i am a meat eater.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
i'm good how about you ?
not bad , thanks for asking . do you work anywhere ?
yes , i'm a teacher and you ?
i'm a red blooded , meat eating , big truck driving american . cannot work though .
ok , do you like card games ? i like magic the gathering .
i like that game but i spend most of my time just listening to country music
i like country music too . you know what i can not do is whistle .
when i hunt i have to whistle at my dogs . we go almost every night .
that sounds fun ! i have pets too , four of them .
that keeps me busy . if i have other time i love watching football on tv
any favorite foods ? mine is jello .
you teach four pets to play mtg while whistling and eating jello ?
ha ha ! no , they just watch .
lol . . . thought since u were a teacher an all ya know p
right ! i do teach them tricks lol
persona
i like cartoons.
my mom is a janitor.
i am in college.
i listen to death metal.
i still live at home.
persona II
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love non gmo foods.
i love cold weather.
i love dark clothes.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
am doing very well indeed .
what do you do for a living ?
i work at the art gallery in our town .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like making new friends a lot .
do you have any pets ?
i have a pigeon pet .
what city are you from ?
am from warner robins were my family resides .
what kind of music do you like ?
i love country music and r b music .
i like pop jazz and rap
what will you never forget in life ?
i guess the people who made an impression
an impression about what that you cannot forget ?
persona
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i am vegan.
persona II
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
during the week , i work as a barista.
my favorite book is the bible.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
great i have been working at a farm all day
is it your farm or someone elses ?
no , i just volunteer sometimes . what do you do ?
that's really cool . i work at a coffee shop but i hate it .
that's too bad . you should find your passion
well i really like making cool necklaces and earrings . i sell them online .
that sounds very passionate . good for you . i'm passionate about vegetarianism
me too ! i'm an ethical vegan !
i really committed to it about a year ago . it is not easy
i've been vegan for seventeen years . trust me , it gets easier !
that's good news . working at the farm helps i always have fresh produce
i wish i had that ! do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend ?
nope , i am still looking
my boyfriend and i are living together right now .
well good luck to you both
persona
i am a woman.
we live in a rural area.
my parents are still married.
i've several children.
we have a dog.
persona II
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i sometimes think i'm shallow.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
if i want it , i buy it.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
pretty good , just cleaning up after i gave a bath to my pooch
that is cool i really want a dog but they're a lot of work
they're but not as bad as kids ! cost less too !
haha that is so true i don't have kids though
i've 2 . grown up mostly and gone off to school . you ?
that's cute . now day i want kids
i never thought i wanted them until i gotta divorce and then realized i wanted some .
wow that is interesting do you like shopping
not much . i live an hour away from nearest town so shop online a lot
i've a little bit of an addiction
my mom does too . dad hates that . cannot believe they're still married !
persona
i am currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
i have 3 kids.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
persona II
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.
i am a profesional translator.
i am currently unemployed so i've time to write.
i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hello ! i am good , how are you ?
good . i am practicing my sign language ? bu ?
i am going back to school
are you going to college ?
yeah to be a casino manager . super fun .
that would be a great job .
i have kids , so it pays the bills . ll
i bet that it does .
i also have a statistics degree , so that helps some
i bet that does . definitely .
what do you do for a living ?
i don't do much right now .
life keeps ya busy , huh ?
persona
i m from austin , texas.
i like to cook new recipes.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
persona II
i work 60 hours a week.
i love sunsets.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
dialogue
i'm a workaholic because 60 hours in a week is a lot
that's a whole lot .
so i try to watch sunsets to calm me every morning .
i like sunsets , cooking is my hobby .
i know right ? do you work ? i'm also lazy sometimes
am obsessed with cooking and social media , that is my life .
on sundays , after breakfast i go to bed again .
i would like to cook for you sometime .
cooking is my hobby too , just do not have time
where do you live anyways ?
i was hoping you would say that . i want to exercise more
i need to do that also . i live in texas .
i live in new york and you ?
i live in austin in the great state of texas .
the big state , it is very hot out there .
yes , so i stay indoors mostly , cooking and posting on social media .
persona
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i work on cars for a living.
i enjoy fishing.
i watch a lot of tv.
i live alone.
persona II
i love to cut down trees.
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
i love to fish.
i am a lumberjack.
dialogue
hi , do you like pancakes ?
what are you doing this weekend ?
i deliver lumber and to customers . how s work ?
not too bad , auto repair business is busy , many cars winterizing
i work , check trees to be cut . i do fishing too
same here i love , fishing . hoping to go this weekend
what are your plans for this weekend ?
going fishing on saturday morning , than catch up on tv shows after that . you ?
who are you going with ?
just myself , easier that way .
that s awesome . the one you can get to do
just give me a couple fish and some cheeseburgers to grill and i'm happy
what are you doing today and how are you doing ?
i'm doing good , watched some baseball this evening , go yankees
if the one person can do that then you can
what are your favorite tv shows ?
persona
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
persona II
i'm an artist.
i speak french and english fluently.
i enjoy hiking.
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
i've two border collies.
dialogue
hi . how are you ?
i am good . i just got home from work . you ?
good . cleaning up my art studio . where do you work ?
i teach middle school . i relax on weekends by singing in a bar .
how fun . i go on hikes . do you have pets ?
no pets for me . i do like sports though . football is my favorite .
do you have a favorite team ?
my volley ball team i coach is my favorite . do you have a favorite food ?
i like french food . i am an expert in speaking french .
my favorite food is an apple even though i am allergic !
too bad . i am allergic to cats , so i've two collies .
i do not have time for pets with my job and crocheting hobby .
i'm busy too . packing up . moving soon .
where are you moving to ? do you like crosswords ? i do !
not a puzzle fan . moving to a neighboring state .
what do you do on weekends ?
persona
i like going to the moives.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i am on a keto diet.
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
persona II
i like to go swimming.
i have epilepsy.
my parents are not married anymore.
i have one son.
i like to read.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm great probably going to go to the cinema to catch a movie , you ?
i will probably go home and read
what type of books do you enjoy ?
i like thrillers and mysteries
my grandfather was a bit of a thriller himself , he was in the circus !
that sounds fun . what did he do ?
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
what can you eat in that diet
just carb free foods mostly .
what kind of foods are those
like meat mostly , me and my dogs love them , do you like dogs ?
i like dogs but my son is allergic
that is no good , so he could not meet my golden retrievers ?
persona
i am allergic to lactose.
i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
persona II
my father works in advertising agency.
i've my own channel.
i enjoy making lets plays.
my favorite animals are dolphins.
i love youtube.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
with only having six months left to live , every day i wake up is good .
whats wrong with you ? sad .
i just have a terminal illness i would rather not speak of . how are you today ?
i'm alright . do you work ?
not anymore . how about you ?
i do lets play videos on youtube
what is that ? i watch a lot of my favorite singer justin bieber on youtube .
like me playing video games and commentating
my brother wants to do those , he has all these plans for them .
what is your favorite animal ?
i like elephants , do you have any allergies ? i do , i'm lactose intolerant .
persona
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i'm a model building enthusiast.
i m originally from london , england.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
persona II
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
i'm a lover of italian food.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
my father has a very prestigious job.
dialogue
hello how is your afternoon going
oh so far so good , i live in usa but from london
nice london is nice city
now i love to go to clubs , comedy types .
oh i rather watch comedians on netflix
i feel sad , and do not talk about why ok ?
i am not sure what do you mean
what types of movies you like ? i like outdoor shows .
i like any type marco polo is my favorite on netflix
that's a great show , i love it too .
yes it is i also like the cooking shows
i like to build models to make me happy at the moment .
that is lovely i like to cook italian food to relax
not comedy ? i go to these types of clubs really need it now .
persona
i'm a mother.
i like to eat.
i want to be desired.
i want to feel pretty.
i feel overweight.
persona II
i have 3 kids.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
dialogue
hello , can you tell me a little about yourself ?
hi nothing much crazy a fluffy , pretty lady . . sandy
ah , its a pleasure to meet you . do you have any kids ?
yaa . . one little baby girl
i have three of my own !
you have a busy life then . .
very busy . i'm also going back to school right now .
that's cool . . what is the major ?
trying to become a casino manager . fingers crossed !
good luck . . i used to go to casinos when i was in newyork quite often
they're a lot of fun . i learned how to count cards in blackjack a while ago .
hm . . interesting . . i am just a roulette player
it was a pleasure talking to you !
same here . . nice meeting you
persona
my mom went crazy when i was three and i'ven t seen her since.
i believe in leprechauns.
i'm an accountant.
my hair is black and curly.
persona II
my favorite musical is hamilton.
i work as an accountant.
my favorite color is red.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite food is a burger.
dialogue
hi ! what did you have for dinner ? i had my favorite , burgers
i've not eaten yet . what do you do for work ?
i am a boring accountant . i would rather play tennis . you ?
i work as one too ! also leprechauns are totally real .
they might be , but i prefer red over green
green is better . i wish my hair was green , but it is dark and curly .
have you seen hamilton ? it is amazing !
i've heard good things about it . my mom would like it . too bad she went crazy
oh so sorry to hear that . maybe she would still like it
i have not seen her since i was three actually so it is alright .
how old are you now ?
i'm 24 . how old are you
i'm 37 but i try to stay fit by playing tennis
that is a good hobby . i played tennis in middle school . i swim mostly now .
persona
i've a black lab.
i am from tennessee.
i am married.
i love to fish.
persona II
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
howdy how are you doing let us chat and make friends .
i'm good how are you ?
i'm okay i like going out to concerts every weekend .
that is good i like to go fishing .
that's cool each and every day i swim at the y .
that sounds fun . i don't swim much .
that is okay my best color is the bluest of blue .
that is cool i like black
i also like black and i love the color green too .
that is cool my dog is black
my cat is black and white .
that is cool i really like animals .
me too i love them i love all kinds god created .
me too . like is awesome well it can be
yes my mother teaches me to play cello games .
that's cool my mother is dead but it is ok .
god bless you sweetie take care or we can go again .
you take care also everything is fine .
persona
i grew up by the ocean.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
i like to eat pizza.
dogs are my favorite animal.
persona II
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
my major is in business administration.
i'm a college student.
i ve been in a relationship for 2 years.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
ocean view is breathtaking really
do you live on the ocean
because i grew up near it
did you move away from it
it is fun while cooking
do you cook a lot of fish
yes , we didi kinda miss it
did you and your husband live out there
baking and touring around the city
do you guys own a bake shop
yes , but we stopped and moved
why did you guys stop ?
my dogs are my new hobby
persona
i am short.
i m smart too.
i am also round.
i like reading.
i've big face cheeks.
persona II
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i want a porsche.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i m often late for class.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any pets ?
i don't ! do you ?
yes . at night my dog and i watch the stars while we cuddle .
that's so awesome ! makes me want a dog !
i love my dog . one day i'll take him in my new porsche i buy .
nice ! what color is your car ?
it will be red . daydreaming about it makes me late for class all the time !
i can imagine ! that is so awesome !
do you mind if i ask how tall you are ?
i am very short , 5 feet even . and you ?
i am the same ! if i was a little taller i could reach this cookie jar !
i totally understand ! i do not need cookies though i am fat .
oh . well have you considered exercise ?
i prefer reading and eating cake .
persona
i like to play basketball.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i have a cat named mater.
i like lightning mcqueen.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
persona II
my favorite subject in school was science.
pizza is my favorite food.
i'm single and not looking.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
dialogue
hi there , how are you this lovely day ?
it is names quinn , and i love to play basketball .
oh , i love to read suspense novels .
my grandpa takes me to the ice cream parlor after school on fridays
oh that sounds like fun . pizza is my favorite though .
me too ! ! he takes me for pizza too ! ! pepperoni is my fave topping ! !
are you in a relationship ? i am single .
no i am a kid silly ! ! i love the movie cars ! my fave character is lightning mcqueen
you can be in a relationship at any age ! well , reasonable age .
i'm only 7 . the only relationship i have is with my mom and dad
oh , then you are pretty young .
yup ! ! and girls are just plain weird .
haha . i had my first boyfriend when i was 12 .
eww ! ! yeah mom won't approve of that .
what is your favorite subject in school ?
i love reading , i am very good at it .
persona
i enjoy cooking for people.
i've a lizard named nagini.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
i like to take my dog for long walks.
persona II
i have brown eyes.
i have a pet lizard named gila.
my favorite color is pruple.
i really love plants.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i am well and yourself . i've this fetish for cooking for people .
have you tried soylent green ?
no what is that ? my lizard is named after the snake from harry potter
soylent green is people . my lizard is gila .
oh ok . i also plant flowers in the garden
oh really ? i love gardening and plants .
do you have a dog , i've a dog and we walk for a long time .
nope , just my lizard gila .
wow , yeah you cannot walk a lizard
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i love the color lime green
that is a good color . goes well with my brown eyes .
haha right ! it is a great color .
i like purple too . it is so hard to choose .
me too , that neon purple i like .
persona
i surf everyday.
i work at a bar.
i can play piano.
i like to listen to country music.
people say i can cook well.
persona II
summer is my favorite season.
i enjoy fishing.
i love decorating for christmas.
i like classic radio programs.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? i am sad that it isn't summer anymore .
me too . i miss being able to go surfing everyday .
yes , i miss fishing , but now i can get ready to decorate for christmas
they have already decorated the bar where i work .
wow that is early . at least not while i am listening to classic radio programs
it isn't working out for me . i would rather play piano . i am very good .
you should play some classic radio programs
i would much rather hear country music . can you cook ?
i usually cook the fish i catch
everyone seems to like the food i cook . i do not have much experience with fish , though .
it is easy . just broil or saute or fry
i think i'll practice before i serve someone fish i cooked .
that's probably a good idea
i could play piano for you and you could teach me to cook fish .
sounds like a great idea . maybe next summer
i should probably keep my day job before i try something new .
persona
i love to run fast.
i'm strong.
i am young.
i'm tall.
i never eat veggies.
persona II
my right foot only has 3 toes.
my favorite animal is the panda.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
i am a zookeeper.
dialogue
hey how is it going
i'm doing well thanks , what is new with you ?
nothing same 3 toes on my right foot literally haha
wow , does it help you to run fast ? i love to myself .
not really i work as a zookeeper , stupid bear
cool job , i am not old enough to work , but i am pretty strong .
cool how old are you ?
i'm fifteen , but being so tall , i look older .
oh wow very mature for your age
thanks , what is your favorite animal at the zoo ?
actually the panda is my fav
i could never be a panda , all they eat is vegetables and i never do .
haha that's funny , i eat alot of eggs
do you like to cook or eat out ?
persona
i love to exercise.
many people want to be my friend.
i am not a nice person.
i like makeup.
i have a nice smile.
persona II
i have a lot of medical bills.
i'm very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i used to be able to run really fast.
my mother is in the hospital.
i have problems chewing my food.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm fabulous as always . just got done exercise because being fitter than everyone is important .
true i should try to get healthy
it is difficult for average people , but i figure there are too many fat people already .
i get hurt a lot i've many bills
so you are a major klutz , how cute .
yeah the doctors know me by name . .
i think i would rather be popular and familiar to other people .
yeah i should get that fixed . .
i am known by everyone here . they all wanna be friends with me . its sad .
i used to run real ral fast
the goal is not to be fast , it is to look good while doing so .
yeah i fell and well . . . you know th rest
as long as you can smile after the fall , that's what is important now .
i would smile but i am missing teeth from the fall
that's horrible . i've a beautiful smile , but i guess i am just lucky .
persona
i used to work as an actress.
i love all animals.
my favorite music is country.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i have a gambling problem.
i love to go hiking.
i am fluent in spanish.
i love talking on the phone.
i always eat my vegetables.
dialogue
hi i am tina i gamble too much and hike a few times a year
hi tina , i am an actress . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a cashier being bilingual really helps out
that is great ! do you like music ?
yes i like all kinds of music what is your favorite genre ?
i really like country . do you have any pets ?
i do i've a puppy do you have any animals ?
i've 2 dogs . i could probably live on a farm !
i grew up on one and we had alot of veggies which i grew to love
i would love that . i am vegan and eat a lot of vegetables .
we have that in common i'm getting ready for weekly call with my parents we talk alot
that is nice . i live close to my parents . where do you live ?
i am in wyoming its pretty beautiful where do you live ?
i live in texas . very hot here !
i've been there once for the summer visiting my aunt
i'd really like to move to tennessee .
persona
my best friend lives in japan.
i live in new york.
i've never traveled outside of the united states.
i eat ice cream when i am sad.
persona II
i listen to death metal.
i still live at home.
my mom is a janitor.
i'm in college.
i like cartoons.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm doing okay . how are you ?
good what kind of music do you like
i love edm . what do you listen to ?
i prefer death metal music
i listen to rock as well . where do you live ?
i live at my parents house i'm in school
how much longer do you have until you graduate ? i live in ny .
3 more years i cannot wait
yay ! what do you like to eat ?
i like a lot of foods
i love ice cream . . especially when i am sad .
persona
i am currently traveling in japan.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i'ven t gone home in over two years.
i can speak three languages.
persona II
i like reading horror novels.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
i work as a librarian.
dialogue
hello , how are you this morning ?
hey , i am great thanks . how about you ?
i'm okay , having a pepsi and getting ready for work . how about you ?
just finished work , going to grab some sushi . what do you do ?
i'm a librarian and i read horror novels for reviews .
that sounds great ! i work as a remote programmer .
nice ! i also bird watch on the weekends . do you have any hobbies ?
i really love travelling , i'm in japan right now . i have not been home in years .
do they have hotdogs there ? they're my favorite .
yeah , there is a hotdog cart down the street . how long have you been a librarian ?
only seven years . i really like it .
what is your favourite part of the job ?
helping others with their research . i work in the historical section .
does it get busy at your library ? whenever i used to go it was always empty .
yes , it does . we offer so much to the community .
it must be nice to feel like youre doing something good for the community .
persona
my hair is a reddish brown.
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
although i ski down high hills , i've a fear of heights.
i broke my arm skiing once.
persona II
i'm buying a house.
i'm a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i play the piano.
i paddle board on my days off.
i am single.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi . not great , my arm hurts from an old injury . you ?
how did you injure yourself ?
i broke it skiing , i compete in ski racing .
are you good at skiing though ? p
yes , even with my fear of heights lol . ironic huh ?
i bet you closed your eyes then owch
funny , that's what my family said . they watch me race and saw the accident .
i am a nurse i can help
really ? is it true people with reddish brown hair heal slower ?
i think so . but we are all just human
that is true . so do you have any hobbies ?
i play my piano . we have one at the hospital
how cool ! i cannot play but would love to learn .
persona
i m a shy person but i love to sing.
my shyness made me panick and i didn t show up.
i was accepted to participate.
until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participaed in an audition for a talent show.
persona II
i am an old soul.
i tend to work myself up.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
i just want my voice to be heard.
dialogue
greetings and salutations . my name is tyler . i'm something of an artist .
i'm singing but i'm shy kind of a person
i love to sing ! what a lovely art form . is that how you express yourself ?
my shyness almost make me panic and hide
the finest flowers bloom in the shade . still , you should share your voice .
like this one incident but i cant
well , a gentleman or gentlewoman shouldn't boast , anyhow .
bur i decided to do auditions and boost my confidence
that is the spirit ! so exciting ! what kind of music do you make ?
how about you ? you ar
i'm just living my bliss . i make art and try to change how people feel .
how , that's really great . that might help me
make yourself known ! you could influence the world . why not ?
that s a great motivation for an artist like you
persona
i love to travel.
my hair is short and pink.
i am a 43 year old woman.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
persona II
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
i like standing in the rain.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
i am always happy when the summer ends.
dialogue
hey , are you enjoying the cooler weather we have been having ?
its cooler but still humid . i travel a lot so i've been through some strange weather lately .
sorry my computer can be so slow sometimes . where do you live ?
california . where do you live . how old are you ?
in ny and the weather is much cooler . goodbye summer . i am 37 . you ?
i am 43 . how tall are you ? its still too hot for me here .
i'm almost 6 feet tall . are you married ? dating ?
no , i'm not married . i drive freight trucks . like tattoos ?
yes . i've a tattoo of rita hayworth . she's my crush .
lol . well both my arms are fully tattooed . and i love my job . . . traveling .
i like traveling too but i avoid the south during summer . too humid .
too humid for sure . i keep my hair cut short . this month it is pink . rita hayworth ?
wait your hair is pink ? that is cool . yeah i love rita hayworth .
yeah for september anyway . maybe blue for october , november , and december . do you swim ?
yes almost everyday at the ymca .
i go to the ymca too ! ! ! water aerobics . do you travel much ?
persona
i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
and also love drawing.
i love comics.
persona II
i live in rural wisconsin.
i've an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
my favorite food is popcorn.
i like to snowboard.
i like to ride horses.
dialogue
i'm watching the football game . will you pass the popcorn ?
no , i want it all for myself . kidding , sure .
hey , thanks ! my brother is number 54 . go packers !
do you have any hobbies ?
heck yeah ! i snowboard like a boss and train horses on weekends .
oh . i enjoy drawing and like comics .
you draw comics of your own ? that's talent .
i have even started doing my own drawing to show publishers .
that's too cool . can you draw sports scenes ?
but i've been rejected a few times . . . yeah i could .
my brother plays for the packers . we live in wisconsin . maybe you can draw him ?
maybe . are you in a relationship ?
nah . just with the slopes and my horses . they keep me busy . you ?
yeah , i have been seeing this girl for a few months .
what do you like about her ?
she is very kind and smart .
persona
i cannot wait to start my new life.
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
persona II
i love reading.
i love animals.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i work at a hotel.
dialogue
hi my name is barb and i love to read multiple books at once .
that sounds exciting . i do not have a lot of time for things like that
do you have time for chicken nuggets ? they are good for my stomach .
no , i am a mom working full time and going to college
do you take your kids to school ?
someone watches them . hope to be a doctor making more than the 215 an hour i am on
will you buy the hotel i work at ?
maybe , i really cant wait to start a new life for us
my passion is with animals . let us own animals together .
possibly , what do you do for fun ?
listen to my favorite band , fine frenzy , you ?
i love that band ! ! they are awesome
i drove my car off of a cliff listening to them one time .
oh my . i'm so sorry . are you okay ?
i am still falling . going to try and finish love for reading before i hit .
were you listening to almost lover ?
persona
i like to hunt for my food.
i am a great baker.
i have few friends.
i like to sew.
i like katy perry as a musician.
persona II
i'm a pharmacist.
i am an avid quilter.
my grand children mean the world to me.
i was a wild child in my younger years.
i like classical music.
dialogue
good evening .
hello , how are you ?
doing well despite my knee been aching last few days . you ?
i am doing well . what happened to your knee ?
over working chasing my grand kids around the yard . standing too much , usual thing .
i understand that . my knee acts up after my hunting trips .
oh , where did you go on those trips ? i was a little wild in my younger days
in the mountains .
nice . i took quite a few trips to mountain and camp for weeks end . it was fun
i like to make things from scratch . what do you like ?
nice , i love to quilt . i make them for all my grandkids and children .
that's awesome . i love to sew . i make clothes .
its a great feeling when a project is done . right ?
yes , i get excited when i finish . i love to give them to friends .
persona
i hate evil.
i'm weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my mind is set on things above.
i trust in god.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
persona II
i'm a student at michigan state university.
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i work at a coffee house.
i've a cat named seven of nine.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
dialogue
hi friend , college student here . michigan state represent !
hey . how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing great , watching my favorite show dancing with the stars and relaxing . how are you ?
i am watching news on the hurricane . have friends in fl
same its scary stuff . i am in texas a lot of my coworkers got hit last week
sorry to hear that . seems a lot of bad stuff going around these days .
i think that's why i distract myself with tv and showtunes
movies are best escape for me and i need it .
this week hasn't been kind . what makes you happy ?
getting outside . in the mountains . hiking , biking skiing etc .
oh man i went camping near colorado springs this summer it was awesome
right . such a great area . i like boulder also .
persona
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
my favorite book is the bible.
persona II
i want to take her on vacations one day.
my father was a driver himself.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
my motor never stops running.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
dialogue
hi there friend . whats poppin ?
hello , i live with my boyfriend in the city what about you ?
i live where ever my truck is headed
lol okay , what do you do for a living ?
drive a truck . . . . me and my wife travel everywhere in it
oh that is great i work as a barista
coffee is the other fuel they sell at gas stations
yes that is correct i also design jewelry
my wife loves diamonds , but i love vacations
my favorite book to read on vacation is the bible
the biblesgood . lots of wisdom . i just do not like people taking it literally
that's correct thanks for chatting bye .
persona
i used to be very religious.
i have a personal trainer.
i tutor kids in my spare time.
i've 3 small dogs.
i love to ride bikes.
persona II
my wife is legally deaf.
i have six brothers.
i build aquariums for a living.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening
i'm good thanks for asking , just relaxing with my 3 dogs .
that's great your relaxing . i'm watching tv with subtitles with my wife
sounds fun ! what do you do in your spare time ?
relax with my wife she is deaf so going to the movies is out
got ya . i tutor children in math .
that is nice of you education is important
it is , i also enjoy biking with my personal trainer .
my wifes husband runs one of the studios in hollywood we get to meet celebs
that would be amazing ! who have you met lately ?
i met ryan reynolds he was amazing
wow ! that sounds very fun !
yeah it was what do you do for a living
i am a 7th grade math teacher .
i build aquariums just got done building one in arizona
nice ! do you have any fish ?
persona
my favorite food is raw onion.
i've long curly hair.
i sew my own clothes.
i'm really into the powers of crystals.
persona II
i drive a black car.
my favorite food is steak.
i like meat.
i listen to rap.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
pretty good . just sewing a new shirt together . and you ?
i'm just driving my black car right now , listening to some rap music
i hope you are at a stop sign . o . o i really like music with bass beats .
no i text while driving , i am also eating steak right now winning
if its a truck , i would almost be willing to bet you are a texan .
how did you know lol
its the steak . do you have a favorite crystal ? and i do not mean the drink .
my favorite stone is ruby
i prefer amethyst and emeralds . but sadly , my birthstone is sapphire . july birthday ?
yes i was born in july , i just turned 45
and still in the rap game ? dwaaam , son . ll . i am about to turn 26 .
persona
my grand children mean the world to me.
i'm a pharmacist.
i like classical music.
i am an avid quilter.
i was a wild child in my younger years.
persona II
i do not have many friends.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i have long hair for a boy.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
dialogue
hello there . how are you
hello , i'm wonderful because i'm with my grandchildren , .
that's awesome . being a grandmother , do you approve of long hair for a boy
yes , as long as it does not get in the way of is ability to quilt .
haha . . . i don't have to many friends because of it
oh , i'm sorry . do you like beethoven ?
who does not ! my fantasy world involves listening to classical music all day
me too ! though i liked death metal a lot when i was younger .
haha . . . that's awesome . i draw my fantasy world a lot during class
you seem very talented . are you studying to be a pharmacist ?
no actually . psychologist actually .
okay , well i enjoy my job . that is a good profession .
i like to think so . what do you do on your spare time ?
just hang out with the kids . what about you ?
persona
my older sister plays clarinet.
i've a pomeranian.
i play the violin.
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
persona II
i have a cat named jasper.
i work as a barista.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite flower is a rose.
dialogue
hey there , hows it going
hi , pretty good . just got in from walking my dog . you ?
actually just playing with my cat jasper
what kind of cat ? my dog is a pomeranian .
this one is just plain white , i actually have 4 , ones a pure bengal
wow . any other pets or just cats ?
i've a puppy , he is a pure shi zu , but he has a long snout
wow that is a lot ! i am busy with my music . i only have time for one .
well , i live with my parents still , and my mother and i love cats
i play in violin competitions so i'm always practicing .
my mother used to play , i played the clarinet in competitions for a few years
really ? my sister plays the clarinet !
yep , and my little brother plays now too . i do not have the lung power anymore
my mom teaches music so she taught my sister and i .
persona
i am writing a novel.
i own an iphone.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
my favorite color is black.
i don t like pickles.
persona II
i was a swimmer in college.
i've a cat named pickles.
i love starbucks coffee.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
my parents met at woodstock.
dialogue
hi ! do you have any pets ? i've a cat
hi ! i don't have pets . i am a writer pets would interrupt my thoughts .
i do not think my pickles would
that's funny ! your cat pickles made me think of my lack of liking pickles .
interesting ! do you ever write at starbucks ? i see writers there a lot
yes of course . but i use my iphone when in public places to write .
that doesn't sound easy . you would find peace writing in my garden of roses
sounds relaxing . my book is about a black cat . i like black .
i like swimming . do you ?
i cannot swim . do you watch television ?
not really . my hippie parents were against tv . they first met at a big concert
rick and morty are so interesting i'll include them in my book .
who are rick and morty ?
crazy show from the seventies . you are probably to young .
oh yes i think i'm .
i bet your parents are really interesting .
persona
my favorite band is metallica.
i've a cat named george.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
i regularly go to the gym.
i read autobiographies before bed.
persona II
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
i'm seventy one years old.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
my house is located in the countryside.
dialogue
what are you up to today ?
hi ! i just got back from working out at the gym .
sounds fun , i'm a bit too old for things like that
never too old ! do you have any hobbies ? i love to read .
i am 71 so the gym might be out of my league . i enjoy gardening
gardening is great ! i love autobiographies and spending time with my cat george .
i live in the country so i've lots of property and a huge garden
that sounds wonderful ! do you like to cook ?
i enjoy cooking very much , i use all my fresh grown veggies for dishes i make
i love to make rice and chicken . are you into music ?
i enjoy soft music , and classical
i am just the opposite . i love metallica ! but all music is nice .
i really like listening to audiobooks
i love to read before i go to bed . it helps me to relax .
persona
i'm a nurse.
i work in the emergency room.
i am divorced.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i would like to be a teacher in the future.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
i like early 2000s indie music.
i'm picky when it comes to food.
my temper is pretty short.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
doing ok just finished my shift at the hospital
are you a doctor or a nurse ?
nurse in the emergency room
oh do you like dogs
i had one for a while after my divorce
do you listen to music ?
in the car but i prefer reading
do you read in the car weirdo ?
no not anything except text messages
i really like 2000s indie music
that figures seems like you would be into that scene
yeah its for the cool kids
exactly that's what i meant exactly
persona
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
my favorite season is winter.
my friend once bought me a car.
i do not eat bread.
i'm disabled and cannot walk.
persona II
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i'm a registered nurse.
i'm a vegan.
i've two smartphones.
i enjoy reading.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i m doing ok how are you ?
i am good do you work
i work from home , i am a paraplegic and can t walk .
how did that happen then
i was in a car accident when i was younger .
i'm sorry to hear that
it s ok i m used to it . what do you do for work ?
i do nurse work really
oh that s great . how long have you been a nurse ?
for a very long time i do not eat meat
are you a vegetarian ? i don t eat bread .
i'm vegan even better
i don t know if i could do that !
yeah it is much harder
i bet , what is your favorite season ?
persona
i m funny.
i've sausage fingers.
i m bloated.
i like sprite soda.
i can draw.
persona II
i have purple hair.
i have 2 turtles.
my favorite color is red.
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
dialogue
have you ever seen gone with the wind ?
i've a long time ago . honestly , i prefer comedies . it matches my personality .
you'd think that would be the case with me , but no . i love it so much !
that's wonderful . i like drawing the face of scarlet . such an interesting face .
incidentally , scarlet is my favorite color . what mediums do you draw with ?
i enjoy charcoal . but lately i'm too swollen and my fingers are like sausages .
swollen ? what happened , are you okay ?
yes , i think i had too many gin and sprite last night .
i know that feeling well !
tell me more about yourself . what do you do ?
i rescue turtles . i have two of my own and foster up to a dozen .
wow that is interesting ! what size turtles ?
all sizes ! right now i've a few large box turtles and a baby snapper .
whoa , i am scared of snappers ! but it is rewarding to help animals .
true story , i saved a giant snapper on the highway at eight months pregnant .
the thought of an eight month pregnant woman picking up a turtle makes me laugh !
persona
my favorite band is one direction.
my mom is a professional tennis player.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
i am currently in elementary school.
persona II
i have a crush on my co worker.
i love rpg computer games.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
i play tabletop games with friends.
dialogue
i like my receptionist . like like
hello ! what do you like about your receptionist ?
she is very pretty and nice to me
that's great ! whats your favorite band ?
daft punk . i am going to ask here to play some video games with me
i like one direction the most , but daft punk is cool too
yeah , i think those guys are too cool , i cannot compete with my inhaler
oh , man ! that's a bummer . i love football , i want to be a professional someday
good luck with that . . i hear its tough
i'm sure it is . but i can be tough ! what grade are you in ?
i'm a grown man . out of school
oh ! man , i wish i was out of school . but i'm in elementary school still
so young . well , growing up is fun and hard .
that is what my mom always says . . . what food do you like ?
i like donuts and cake and cookies
my favorite is spaghetti and meatballs . cake , donuts and cookies are in second place !
persona
i'm going to school for writing.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
persona II
i've blue eyes.
my favorite season is spring.
i love fishing.
i hate to lose.
my father died when i was 2.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? whats your favourite season ? mines spring .
hello . i'm feeling great . my favorite season is summer .
summer is good . fishing then is the best . one of my favourite things to do
i love to fish in the summer . do you have a job ?
i make gaming videos . i hate losing so i'm pretty good at them . you ?
yes . i edit research papers for my school . i want to work in journalism one day .
my dad was a journalist ! he passed when i was 2 but he was good .
i am sorry to hear that . i am sure he was good at it . what are your hobbies ?
i love the outdoors . hiking , hunting , etc . fishing is my passion . what about you ?
i like watching movies , gaming , and working on cars . maybe i could be an automotive journalist .
that sounds perfect for you ! say , what colour eyes do you have ? mine are blue .
mine are green . but they are starting to look more blue .
persona
i love to take road trips.
i live in upstate new york.
my favorite place to visit is seattle.
i live with my husband and two children.
i work as a meeting coordinator.
persona II
my mother is a librarian.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i'm going to school for writing.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
i often help her sort books in the library.
dialogue
hi , tell me something about yourself .
hi ! i live in ny ! where do you live ?
rhode island ! i go to school here studying journalism and writing .
cool ! do you travel ? my favorite place to go is seattle .
i don't , i'm introverted and read a lot . mother is a librarian .
oh , okay . are you married ? do you have kids ?
no , i live with and help out my mom . i help her with sorting books at work .
i've a husband and two kids .
what do you do for a living ? i'd like to be a journalist someday .
i'm a meeting coordinator !
that sounds boring . what do you do for fun ?
i do road trips often , but you do not travel , so that is boring .
i read fantasy novels for fun , sometimes poetry if it is weird enough .
that's really really weird . .
persona
i love to run.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i ca sim very fast.
i love to sing.
i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.
persona II
i am afraid of the dark.
i design video games for a living.
i hate broccoli.
my mom is my best friend.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing good and you ?
good now that i'm in my house way from the dark
are you afraid of the dark ?
yes but my mom always protect me
do you ever watch scary movies ?
yes as long as there is no broccoli
you know that its good for you right ?
yeah but its different when all you do is design video games
what do you do ? i thought you were a kid
ll no i make video games
u were talking about veggies
yuck i hate to eat broccoli
have you seen the conjuring ?
persona
i live in texas.
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
i recently broke my leg.
i was born premature.
i've one older sister named mary.
persona II
people say i've a cute laugh.
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i working in a publishing building.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i'm incredible . i live in ants
what do you mean that you live in ants ?
they are crawling in my house
oh dear . do you have any family ?
i am in texas but its too dang hot
my former boyfriend was from texas . i still love him , though .
i love my husband alot too
do you cook for him ? i often do for my family .
no , i don't like to cook , he does
ha . i love to laugh with my cute laugh .
i love your laugh , its adorable
thanks . that's what my friends say . do you work ?
i do , i raise pigs
interesting . my office is in a building where they publish .
i like that , i should visit
persona
i collect dolls.
i am a romantic.
i like antiques.
i like victorian things.
i like jazz.
persona II
my adopted dad works at hp.
the future scares me.
i've six siblings.
my mom stays at home.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm good . just listening to jazz music . its my favourite
that sounds nice i'm hanging with my siblings
oh , how fun ! i wish i had siblings . i guess i collected dolls instead haha
that's cool there are 6 of us it gets pretty hectic
cool ! what else do you enjoy ?
i like hanging with friends but i'm nervous for the future
what is in the future ? i'm hoping for romance in mine !
i am not sure what i want to do with my life
what do you like ? i enjoy antiques and victorian things , so i opened an antiques store !
wow that is awesome what is your favorite antique you have
one of my dolls actually is from the victorian era .
oh cool maybe i just need to find a passion
yes ! that is exactly it ! and i just need a romantic partner who enjoys mine !
persona
i am 17.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
i am about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
persona II
i love bruno mars.
i'm in high school.
i cs and ds.
i love sweets.
i sleep a lot.
dialogue
hi there ! do you like music ?
some yes , but my parents shelter me so in don't get to listen to different types .
i had tickets to see bruno mars but my parents grounded me
that sucks . what do you plan to do when you leave home ? i am gonna go west .
hmmm maybe an actress since my grades are not the best . whats out west ?
burkley . i'm gonna go there after school . sew my oats . raise a little hell .
lol sounds like you cant wait for some freedom ?
catholic all girls school . it sucks . one more year to go .
nice ! i go to public school but its a bore . i even sleep in class !
i'd love to go to one but my parents will not let me
why is that ?
they think it will corrupt me or some stupid thing .
do you have a lot of friends there ?
a few , but i don't see them much outside of school .
i am sorry to hear that
its how they're . its why i want to get to a liberal school fast .
persona
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i like to work on cars.
i work in marketing for a large company.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
persona II
mo mother worked as a nurse.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i've had the same job for 8 years.
i don't consume caffeine.
dialogue
hello . whats been going on ?
hi . . h r u ? ? how was ur weekend ?
i have been spending most of it drinking decaf coffee and listening to rolling stones
interesting . . what do you do for living ?
i have been at the same place for 8 years . i am a medical assistant .
hm . . kind of a boring job right ? ?
it is . my mom was a nurse though so she got me in the industry
oh . . where are you from now ? ?
i'm from oregon . what about you ?
i'm from boston ma . . i used to be in washington
oh okay . how do you like boston ?
its a great city . . lot of things to do . .
what do you do for fun ?
pool . . cards . . driving . . dancing and many more
persona
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go hunting.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to shoot a bow.
persona II
i love to snack between meals.
i love to travel with my family.
my dog is a collie.
my favorite type of music is country.
i've blue eyes and curly brown hair.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi . good and you ? i really enjoy remodeling homes .
i am great just got back from a family vacation . do you remodel for a living
yes and i enjoying hunting and shooting my bow . how about you ?
i listen to music mostly country music since it is my favorite
country is good . i like to celebrate halloween . it is my favorite . yours ?
i love christmas the snow and the snacks before the main meals .
ooh me too . holidays are wonderful and i really like them all .
yeah it means even more family vacations . i love it
family vacations are definitely fun . at least with most family members . lol
yeah mine really make it fun . i really love that we bring lots of snacks
you must really love snacks .
yeah i've to have one between every meal
hmm . . are you diabetic ? they eat a lot of snacks .
no i just like to snack
oh , that is okay too !
persona
i can t live without my friends.
my favorite food is italian.
i like to drive for hours.
i have 10 piercings.
persona II
i love video games.
i am canadian.
my brother works at best buy.
i've two cats , milo and fio.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
hey , i'm doing well . just finishing a plate of spaghetti . how about you ?
getting ready to go pick my brother up from his job at best buy .
cool , just in time for the sunday night game .
yep . we have the best electronics especially the video games
the nearest one to me is a long drive a away , but i don't mind .
how far is it ? where do you live ?
i live in farmland , but have lots of friends around me .
that's awesome . we are from canada . our nearest neighbor was pretty far away then .
yeah , i've lots of friends here , and lots of piercings too .
piercings are cool . i do not have any though .
i had to drive a long time to get them too .
so what do you do for fun ?
hang out with my many friends and go hunting and stuff .
what kinds of hunting do you do ?
wild boars mostly , they mess up the farmland here . nice eating !
persona
my major is business.
i love the beach.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i like to party.
persona II
i like to visit national parks.
i'm nurse.
i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.
i play the violin.
i'm married with 5 kids.
dialogue
hi there . i have five kids with my husband . do you have kids ?
no , i am too busy partying . maybe some day .
oh , i met my husband partying . we were freshmen in college
maybe i'll meet a husband partying . that's young !
it is , but i got through college to be a nurse
good career choice , i'm just working part time now at a pizza parlor
i love pizza , especially on my way to visit national parks
i like it too , especially paired with beer
yes . i could come play my violin while you eat
that would be neat ! do you enjoy the beach ?
as long as its a national park , i believe i would
lol i guess some of them are . i love partying at the beach
yes , my five kids make it a party
lol i bet they do , my sister has 3 . they are a handful
persona
my mother is a housemaid.
i've traveled to europe and mexico.
i love spicy food.
i like swimming.
i'm an only child.
persona II
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i am an army ranger.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i m not afraid to die.
dialogue
hello sir , how are you this fine day ?
i am well , just got done eating spicy food and you ?
i miss spicy food . this stuff we get in the army is so bland .
army food can be bland but at least you get to swin on your off days .
true but don't tell my wife that . she thinks i have it so bad .
my mother cooks bland food but i like spicy .
do you live with her ?
yes , i'm the only child but i want to travel to europe one day .
you should join the army , you can travel and get paid .
that's true but i also want to travel to other place like mexico , too .
do you ever think about death , son ?
i do when i swim but i when i come up for air then no . you ?
i used to until i devoted my life to america . i'm not afraid now ,
that's great , i've to stay alive to help out my mom .
is your mom doing well ?
yes , she's alright since she just got home from work as a housemaid .
persona
i wish i had money to travel.
i've an iq of 250.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
my parents died in a plane crash.
i live alone with my dog.
persona II
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
my dad worked for home depot.
i like to work puzzles.
i love country music.
i'm a teacher.
dialogue
i teach kids for a living . what do you do ?
i don't work enough which is sad because i am very smart .
that's sad . do you at least have hobbies ?
i make luxury houses out of matches . why teach kids ?
i love kids . i'm a country music fan as well and sing .
you take too long . my parents are dead .
that's sad . i am sorry .
its ok , my dog keeps me company .
i love dogs but don't have one .
they used to abuse me anyway . i am glad they are dead .
that is horrible . what a life .
its an interesting life though since i'm a genius . 250 iq .
wow . you are also so modest .
i want to travel but i am broke . you are rude .
i hate when that happens .
is this over yet ? my dog is more interesting .
persona
i work as a waitress.
i have 5 brothers and sisters.
i live in north dakota.
i ride a bike.
i like to draw.
persona II
i work in a doctors office.
i only wear silver jewelry.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patients saliva.
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
dialogue
hi
hello
hi there ! how are you
i'm good just got off my shift at the restaurant
cool . i just got off of work as well . i work at a doctors office .
these north dakota nights are nice to ride my bike in , what do you like to do
i don't do much . i am studying to be a dental hygienist . although , i hate seeing saliva .
i cannot seem to study here my 5 brothers and sisters are to loud
i know how that's . do you have any tattoos ?
i draw my own tattoos .
awesome . i have tattoo on my right ankle and thorns on my toes .
that's sweet mine is on my back
persona
i drive a large , blue van.
i have curly , red hair.
i love to recycle.
i have two tattoos.
i am a hippie.
persona II
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i'm allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
dialogue
do you like hot chocolate ?
mmmm yes its very delicious
i generally only drink it in the winter , its far too hot the rest of the time .
that is a shame . better drink chocolate milk as a replacement haha
ll . do you like to read ?
sometimes . . . i am more of a outdoorsy hippie type of girl
me , i can read anywhere . i love to read , its my moms fault .
that's true . what is your mom like ?
she used to read me bedtime stories . now she works too hard to read herself .
that is pretty sad . i am sorry . do you look like her ?
it depends on which parent you see me with . how about you ?
i've red curly hair just like my dad
that is beautiful ! ginger is lovely . . though i do not envy curls . have any allergies ?
only bees that i know of . you ?
persona
i love the smell of beans.
i like collecting rocks.
i love huge paintings.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
persona II
i am a student.
i like cookies.
i like painting , i can cook well.
i also like ice cream.
dialogue
hi , hows your day going so far ?
beans smells so good , and i love to gather rocks to complete my collection
interesting ? whats the connection between beans and rocks ?
i collect large paintings and figures from dragon ball the series
oh good for you , i study art at the moment in college .
z figures series , do you know ?
no , kids toys not my thing . painting is my passion
what is your major in college ? do you like large paintings ?
my major is photorealism in college , currently painting a portrait of cookies and ice cream
we share the same passion , but i need to know if you like large paintings .
i love all paintings big and small
my favorite is big paintings . . . beans and rocks are alike . . . i collect them
persona
i've trouble feeling emotion.
my parents are distant.
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
sometimes i wish i didn t have to wake up in the morning.
persona II
i've never been out of the country.
i love to go hiking.
i have never been to college.
i'm a bank teller.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
dialogue
hello , how is it going
hello , its all just having trouble feeling emotion .
why is that ? i do not understand .
my parents are super distant .
i am sorry to hear that
they focus on my brother because he keeps getting into trouble .
what did he do to get you into trouble ?
not me just himself . sometimes i don't want to wake up in the morning .
you should take time for yourself . i like to go hiking .
really ? i would like to know more about you
well i work alot at a bank , what about you ?
i don't currently work .
do you go to school ?
yeah . but i don't have anything else to tell you .
nothing ? do you have a favorite phone ? i prefer iphones myself .
i use android . tell me more .
well , i've always wanted to visit other countrys . i've never gotten away from here
traveling sounds like fun , i guess .
yeah , if i ever get to go to college i guess one day
planning for the future is cool
yeah , i must get back to work though . i hope things get better with your family .
thanks hope you have a good day too , bye
persona
i like to wear red.
i use red lipstick.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i drive a red car.
i wear a red purse.
persona II
i don t have a lot of friends.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
i like to go to the park.
i read a lot.
dialogue
i'm stuck here at home in a wheelchair and i don't have many friends .
i want to get all of my stuffs to be red like my clothing
i've a lot of red clothing . it matches my wheelchair
oh , just try to put red lipstick , just like i do to be happy
yes and go stroll through the park . i like going there .
red shoes too makes me feel confident
confidence is good , especially when your in a wheelchair like i am .
my red car be a great trends too
what kind of red car ? i will race you with my red wheelchair !
red stuff can be a significant part of happiness with my red purse
we are just all red tonight .
my car is a family car , all can fit in . just come ride with us
ok if we go to the park . that is a favorite place i like to go .
yes , it is the theme for the night
persona
i worry about my image.
i wish i could go to a better school.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
persona II
i usually catch sunfish.
i am a simple man.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i like fishing.
dialogue
evening , getting ready to do a little night fishing . you fish ?
no , i don't think it is good for my image . too boyish
lots of girls fish , my own do and they are girly girls
i just worry what people think
you shouldn't . i drink beer and fish . don't care about my image
i'm a worrier . i need to get into a better school too
let it go , and you'll be just fine .
i've tried . i even worry about my neighbors . they get loud at night
mine do too . they fight about laundry .
i just wish i didn't live in the bad part of town
get a good education and move somewhere nice .
i'm trying . what is your job ?
mechanical engineer , single dad , and cheerleader .
you sound amazing . i hope your girls appreciate you
persona
i've never been to college.
i love to go hiking.
i'm a bank teller.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
i've never been out of the country.
persona II
my husband is a pastor.
i don't like to clean house.
my hair is curly and dark.
i have two children.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
hello , i'm ok i just got home from work
oh really ? what do you do , if i may ask ?
i'm just a bank teller how about you ?
i am a stay at home mother of two kids . that alone is a job .
i only have 1 2 that job i only have 1 son
what is his name , if i may ask ?
his name is pavin dads pick
good name . how long have you two been married ?
8 years now . how old are your kids ?
10 and 13 . amazing they grow up so quickly . one already thinks herself an adult .
mine is still at the age he just likes to play on my iphone all day
well that isn't so bad . as long as he does not make any accidental calls .
he is to good sometimes just geting him to go hiking with me
persona
i just graduated college with my bachelors degree in education.
i am twenty two years old.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
i love children.
persona II
i have four sisters.
my mom is my best friend.
i love iced tea.
i believe that mermaids are real.
dialogue
ilii . so lets get down to business , you believe in mermaids or what
no . i teach , love my job and love my students . i've birthday soon .
oh . well that is unfortunate . are you a mom ?
no but i've a new car . red . dreams do come true .
oh , that is cool . i guess we don't have much in common so far . lol . any siblings ?
yes . four sisters and two brothers . all teachers . we are all chefs too .
cool ! i actually have four sisses too ! funny
ll . what type of work do you do and where ?
eh , i hate my job its not important . but i love to drink ice cold tea !
every job is important . you like jokes huh ? what do call a camel with 3 humps ?
i disagree . my mom agrees me . don't know , what ?
you disagree with what ? you live with your mom ?
disagree that every job is important . no , but she is the best friend i've
interesting . . . most married me would say their wife is their best friend .
persona
i'm a widow.
i like taking pictures.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to be a famous photographer.
persona II
i love laughing.
i like to bake brownies.
i've freckles.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i love wearing flip flops.
dialogue
what makes you feel good ?
i love to take pictures , how about you ?
i like to laugh as much as possible
i do too , its hard after loosing my husband . are you married ?
no but i have a best friend that lives in tanzania
i want to visit . i want to travel the world taking photographs .
what food do you like to make ?
all kinds . i am a great cook . what is your favorite meal ?
i like to bake and my favorite is making brownies
do you like music ?
i do but it is hard to dance to it because i'm always wearing flip flops
i love adam levine . i want to make a music video with him .
i'd be too ugly to do that with all my freckles
freckles aren't ugly ! why do you think that ?
persona
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
persona II
i am a blackjack dealer.
i have 3 kids.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing pretty well , watching some clouds . how about you ?
just hanging out with my kids before work later , these 3 are crazy
oh goodness . do you ever shop at costco ? might want to buy in bulk . . .
oh i love costco ! and they eat a ton !
i love costco too . definitely my favourite store . do you listen to music ?
i do ! i work in a casino as a blackjack dealer , we have live bands
oh how fun ! does jacob sartorius ever play ? he's my favourite .
i bet he has ! i only just started at this job
nice ! how do you like it there ?
i love it , since i got my statistics degree , my counting cards knowledge helps
that is really good . i'm terrible at card games , maybe you should teach me .
i totally could ! come in during one of my shifts
sounds good . when do you usually work ?
almost overnight , from 5pm 2am
okay . could i drop by friday night ?
persona
my passion is in programming.
i'm in school to be a computer engineer.
one day i hope to own my own company.
i go to bed pretty late.
my best friend is gay.
persona II
i'm a vet tech.
i love to read.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i am a christian.
dialogue
is anyone on the other side ?
yep . computer geek , looking to chat .
ah , cool . i am a vet tech , myself .
animals , nice . i am a programmer . its my life !
what programming languages are you into ?
for many you should ask . really , funny . do you know any ?
i don't program much , but i know a couple .
that's more than me . haha . someday i wanna own my own company .
that would be cool . i'm usually too busy reading in my down time .
the only reading i do lately is for school .
yeah , i'm done with school and already working .
i feel you are never too old to stop learning .
well , i do keep learning , but not through formal schooling .
good . keeps your mind sharp ! i'd be smarter if i didn't stay up so late .
what are you doing up late ? watching movies ?
no . my gay roommate best friend and his boyfriend . ll
persona
i'm vegan.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i work at the grocery store.
persona II
i like drinking expensive wine.
i own a french bulldog.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i like getting my nails done.
dialogue
hey there ! how is your day going ?
it is great . i was reading my vegan cookbook .
oh cool ! are you a vegan ?
i am . are you one too ?
no , but i became a vegetarian after getting my french bulldog frank .
that's interesting . how did that work ?
i was upset about losing my diamond at a debutante ball , so i bought myself a dog .
how did you lose it ?
i took off my ring before getting my nails done , and i just never found it .
that must have been terrible .
well i've a good trust fund , so i replaced it . what do you do for fun ?
i like volunteer work . i love food and farms .
that's great . do you work on a farm ?
sometimes i volunteer there . what do you do ?
persona
i like to work on cars.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i work in marketing for a large company.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
persona II
i grew up in the upstate.
my father used to work for a bank.
i went to college and graduated few years ago.
now i also work at a bank.
i live in the city.
dialogue
i went to university and finished three years ago
fancy . what are your hobbies ?
i have a job working at a bank
i work in marketing . we deal with that money all day it seems .
my dad had a career at a bank
do you have a car ?
i reside in the metropolitan area
very interesting . i play cards , darts , and pool in areas like that .
as a child i developed in the upstate
i bet if you are a banker ! do you like music ?
i've a career at a bank
sound like you are banking on this job
persona
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i do not eat well.
i sleep most of the day.
i work in a factory.
i'm not social.
persona II
my best friend is my dog allie.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing well . tell me about yourself .
i am crazy about halloween
my favorite part about halloween is the junk food !
what do you do for a living ?
i work at a factory . its my whole life . i don't get out much .
do you have any hobbies ?
not really i mostly sleep and work .
i love sleeping as well
me too i do not get much done during the day because i'm sleeping .
do you have any pets ?
no . . . i am too lazy to take care of a pet . how about you ?
persona
i am an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i often don't have the money to pay my utility bills.
my favorite color is yellow.
i only take the bus.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i m in a rock band.
i hate wearing make up.
i've really long fingernails.
i own a hot pink moped.
dialogue
hello what do you like to do for fun ?
it is hard for me to have fun at my age and income with social security
i see well you are in the golden age ! what is your favorite color ?
i keep reproductions of van gogh on my wall because yellow was his fav colour too
i see well you are in the golden age ! what is your favorite color ?
yes yellow is so i paint my walls that colour
my favorite is orange and i've a hot pink moped ! do you enjoy makeup ?
well i can hardly buy make up when i can hardly pay my utility bills
i hate makeup myself . do you enjoy music ?
i play music for amusement while babysitting for the woman who lives next door
i love kids that's amazing , i'm a drummer in a band
i was too , but it is hard hauling my equipment on the bus
how many kids does the woman next door have ?
she has three . she should pay me sometimes so i can pay my utility bill .
that's right , we all need to live !
yes even though i like her children i still have to make a living
persona
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i enjoy playing video games.
i'm very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i'd rather stay up late than get up early.
persona II
i'm a gourmet cook.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i have perfect pitch.
dialogue
hello how are you this gorgeous day ?
i'm great ! how are you ?
fairly good . just trying to decide what i'm going to cook tonight
i see . what do like to eat ?
everything . i am a cook of the gourmet variety so i make everything
that sounds fun ! do make a lot of desserts ?
yes i love making cannolis and creme brulee
cool ! i really love chocolate cake , but cannolis are so good too !
chocolate cake is yummy i agree . what else do you like ?
fried chicken with mashed potatoes .
delicious ! ! any hobbies besides food ? haha
yeah , i like playing video games lol and you ?
i love singing . not to brag but i am amazing at it
oh really ? that sounds fun . do you perform ?
persona
my english isn't very good yet.
i also dance and sing.
i want to be a famous actor.
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
persona II
i play quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
last season i was just getting started.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
hi ! i'm fine thanks , just got to la from tokyo , how are you ?
i'm great , wow that's a long flight
it was worth it though , i try to become an actor and la is a great place
yeah i've been l . a quite a few times
do you live in california ?
no i live in philadelphia , but i travel a lot
is traveling one of your hobbies ? i like dance and sing
its more for the job , but i like to travel on the off season
have you been to other countries much ?
just a few , brazil , france , mexico , and jamaica
so many ! i have only been to japan and usa now
where in japan did you go , i've friend who lives in sendai
i lived in kyoto mostly
that is nice and central , sendai is quite a bit north from there
yes ! i have been there a few times , nice place
persona
i like playing badminton.
i am not very good at playing basketball.
i once rescued a baby on a highway.
my family owns a dairy farm.
persona II
i work some very odd jobs.
i was born under a blood moon.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i'm one of four children.
dialogue
hey what are you up to
hi how are you doing ?
i'm okay i'm with my brothers and sisters , i'm actually one of four siblings
what do you do for a living ?
to be honest i work some very weird jobs
what kind of weird jobs ?
we will keep that a secret haha
what city are you from ?
i am from india , i was actually born under a blood moon
do you have any pets ?
no i don't , i want a dog because i like going on hikes
do you have any hobbies ?
not really besides going hiking
how often do you hike ?
very often , its something to do when i'm free
do you like to go camping ?
persona
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i love dogs.
i have 2 dogs as pets.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
persona II
i like to go fishing.
i have 4 daughters.
i race cars for a living.
i like to play board games.
dialogue
just got back from fishing with my 4 daughters . did you do anything fun today ?
cool ! i took my two dogs on a hike today .
what do you do for a living ? hobbies ?
i manage a nonprofit dog shelter . i guess dogs are my whole life ! haha
that is nice . i am a race car driver and mostly enjoy playing board games .
oh cool ! i watch nascar when i visit my parents
do they live near you ?
they are a few hours away . i do not visit often cuz my mom is allergic to dogs .
so you are a dog lover . anything else that stands out about you ?
i am also a big hiker , fisher , anything outdoors .
i am for the outdoors too . seems to keep me going . sitting is not my things .
except when you are sitting in a car seat though , eh ?
true . the wind bowing in is well enough haha .
i used to want to be a race car driver when i was a kid
ever go out to the races ?
nah , just watch them on tv when i'm with the folks .
persona
i try to limit how much i eat.
i don't have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i have a golden retriever puppy.
i hate paying my bills.
i whine a lot.
persona II
i've always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
i use to be a wild child.
dialogue
hello . how are you tonight ?
i'm good . just got done paying my credit card bill waaaaaaa
congrats ! i need a credit card bahasa .
i need less ! and less bills ! i hate paying for stupid electric and gas , ya know ?
i agree ! if i had not been such a wild child maybe i could have saved money .
if i had a job i could have money , lol smh
yes . i want money to travel to puerto rico or ireland one day .
cool stuff ! sounds fun . i want money to feed my puppy the finest foods aaa
what type of puppy ? i've a bulldog and pitbull . they big goofs .
aw , cute ! golden retriever . named bonnie . bonnie blair .
nice name ! i got each mine a red and blue collar my favorite colors .
nice ! that makes me think of pasta , a food i cant eat . sorry , dieting . hungry .
persona
i'm going bald.
i play the piano.
i hate flowers.
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
persona II
i sing in the church choir.
i've three kids.
i am a truck driver in the south.
i love hot wings.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you doing today ?
hi , i am great ! how are you ?
ca not complain . my kids do that enough
i just ran into jimmy fallon the other day , that was exciting !
what ! ? ! ? ! i love him . that is so crazy !
he made a joke about my receding hair line haha
www that sounds mean . he is usually super nice on his show
he could tell i made my own outfit by hand too
you sew clothing ? is that difficult ?
yes it can be . do you make anything ?
not really . my kids and i are in our churches choir
oh really ? i play piano for a church choir !
we need to get a pianist . would help me stay on key
i have been playing for years , i enjoy it
persona
i'm studying literature.
i like to draw.
i am a vegan.
i'm from france.
persona II
i have my own salon.
i live on a boat.
i got married last year.
my hair is colored purple.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i was just working here in my salon .
hi , i am good , thank you . what kind of salon ?
its my hair salon , we do all kinds of stuff like color my hair purple
cool ! do you own it ? or just manage ?
i own it , what about you ?
i'm a student at the moment , but i have big plans .
that's great , whats your plans ?
i plan to become either a writer or an artist . i draw and write novels .
ah that's great , maybe you could write on my boat about the sea
you have a boat ? that would be nice !
yes its mine , that's where i live on the ocean come visit
i wish i could . . . maybe when i become a famous painter .
i hope so , you could have painted my wedding last year .
i can always do it later , from photographs .
wow that is a great idea my wife has lots of photos and shoes
it sounds like shoes are important ! i better paint them right .
persona
i enjoy watching baseball.
i hate running.
i'm married with kids.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
my favorite color is orange.
persona II
i was born completely deaf.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i'm single and go on dates regularly.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i have a pug named corky.
dialogue
hi do you want to go to the mall with me ?
i cannot because i have kids and am married .
oh . i wanted to go scout some people to ask on dates .
well in that case , i probably could .
we could take my dog . it would be a good time .
i have a dog too , and 2 cats .
i've a secret , can i tell you ?
yes . do you enjoy sports ? i love watching baseball .
i can play tennis . i was born deaf but none of my dates know .
i am not athletic . i hate to run . that's interesting .
we can walk at the mall , not run .
good . what is your favorite color ? mine is orange .
hmmm . maybe purple . i don't really know .
i like purple a lot too .
persona
i love spicy food.
my mother is a housemaid.
i am an only child.
i like swimming.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
persona II
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
my lifes goal is to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
dialogue
gas prices are rising . its very annoying
i know from traveling to mexico and europe .
how so they look over there as compared to most of american prices ?
much higher . do you have any siblings ? i don't .
the other day , i was with my brother , and we met payton manning at the store .
wow oh wow . my mom is a housemaid .
yeah , he was really nice and gave us his autograph . then continued shopping .
since i like to swim so much , i thought my next vacation should include it .
swimming is cool . i collect rocks and create macaroni art .
cool ! do you like to cook ? i like spicy things the best
not so much . i always buy stuff from the store that already made .
oh ok , well different strokes for different folks .
persona
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
persona II
i'm a 15 year old girl.
i get good grades in school.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i love animals , especially dogs.
i like field hockey and soccer.
dialogue
hello good afternoon how are you
i am great today is my day off and i could not be happier
i am in school and my grades are great
wonderful i am in school too but work sales part time
i work with my animals that i love
sorry phone rang i never miss a call . i'd be lost without my dog
i'm only fifteen so i can not work
you'll do great i go above and beyond to make my clients pleased
my grades are great and i play hockey
good to have high grades when my grades are low i go nuts to fix them
i also play soccer and need my cellphone
sadly i am on call with my uncle in the hospital so i never let mine die
aww i'm so sorry to hear that
its ok they say it was a mild stroke but he's the only family i have left
wow a stroke well i'll pray for you
thanks he's a great man he teaches art at the local grade school
persona
i'm a vegan.
i love my job.
my favorite music is country.
i used to work as an actress.
persona II
i have a masters degree in creative writing.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i love to read.
i have 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
dialogue
hello , i'm reginald . how are you today ?
good , hello how are you today ?
excellent , thanks . what do you like to do for fun , i'm wondering .
i'm a dancer , what do you do ?
cool . i'm a writer . i have a masters in the field of creative writing .
great i act sometimes too
you are very creative , it sounds like . what have you been in ?
nothing you would have seen
oh okay . how about your family ? brothers and sisters ?
nope that is why i listen to country
that is a good reason . i've two brothers , three sisters
that sound great , having family
has its good and bad parts . sometimes they are in my hair too much
are they vegans like me ?
actually my sisters are vegans . you'd get along with them , probably
that's great to hear
persona
i have a career in party planning.
i like to perform stand up comedy.
my father was a member of the communist party.
my sister belongs to a cult and has not spoken to the family in years.
persona II
i like cosplay.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i love watching tv and movies.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i work from home.
dialogue
hi ! i'm getting ready for cosplay . i like it , do you ?
sounds fun ! i'm a comedian and i love anime and games
have you been to renaissance fairs ? i only went to a few .
i'm a party planner so sometimes i do renaissance themes events . ever have parties ?
comedy , anime and games . i like those too ! i do not have parties .
very cool ! and no parties ? does your family not like them ?
no . but i do love watching tv , especially my favorite game of thrones ! you ?
that is a shame . i have a rocky relationship with my family too though , especially my sister .
that's sad . i also love watching movies . do you ?
yeah movies are pretty cool ! i love animated ones , especially disney and ghibli
so do you work ? i do , but from home .
yep , as a party planner ! its a lot of fun . what kind of job do you have ?
oh i forgot you said that earlier ! i do micro jobs .
micro jobs ? what are those ?
they're a bunch of little jobs you can do . like annotating , boxing , chatting and etc .
oh wow . i'd love to try out stuff like that ! are you in school ?
persona
i live in a small apartment in new york.
i've a small pet cat.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm twenty one years old.
i am currently going to school to be an artist.
persona II
i am scared of left turns.
i've four siblings.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i think i am failing my women studies class.
i got hired last week at mcdonald.
dialogue
guess what ? i started my new job last week !
oh really ? what type of job ?
mcdonald . that's my good news . bad news , failing women studies
that's okay . i'm studying art in newyork , my apartments so small .
i know the feeling of small . i had to share a bedroom with my four siblings .
i share a one bedroom with my 2 small dogs . 21 with two pets .
do you have a car ? i just bought my first , a blue one .
no , but i do love roses . my family cats named rose .
rose is a beautiful name for a cat . i need to name my honda civic .
yes , its bad luck to not name your car , how about hondvic
hmm interesting , i can only turn right with my car , left turns in it scares me .
do you ever find yourself just driving in circles ?
not yet , but around the block a few times , late to school a lot
i cannot be late . my art teacher is a b word
persona
both of my parents are teachers.
i have three roommates.
i've an eyebrown piercing.
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
persona II
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
some call me a hopeless romantic.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
hi . doing great . i work in a coffee shop and live in an shared apartment .
i wish i had a place to live .
oh , you are homeless ? i live with three males .
yes , been homeless a month now . i was living with my ex bf .
that's sad . one of my roommates is a former bf . its awkward situation .
mine cheated on me and i
me too . he cheated with my bff .
that is awful . boys are jerks . are you in school ?
and i had my eyebrow pierced for him . yes , in college .
ouch . i had to drop out when i became homeless .
that is sad . i also play drums in a band with my sister .
that is cool . i'd love to be in a band .
my mom and dad are teachers with money , so they pay some bills for me
persona
i collect stamps.
i love the colors yellow and teal.
i am a mortician.
i want to learn how to fly an airplane.
persona II
i do not have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i want to visit rome , but i cannot make myself go alone.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi ! i am fine . how are you ? do you collect anything ?
i am pretty good . i have lots of babydolls
oh , interesting ! me stamps , and i have a large collection . what do you do ?
how many stamps do you have
a couple big albums so far . i've been collecting for years
do you know your dad well ?
sure , we know each other pretty well . he is a great father !
mine is a deadbeat you are lucky
sorry to hear . . . is he dead ? i actually work as a mortician
not sure we haven't spoken in forever
what happened and why aren't you close to him ?
persona
i'm a carnivore.
my father is in prison.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
my favorite band is creed.
i enjoy running.
persona II
i like to go on long hikes.
i like to play volleyball.
i like to do my nails.
i like to pickle eggs.
dialogue
hi there . i'm just pickling some eggs .
hahahahahahahahahahah haaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahhahaha i like to run
me too . i love going on long hikes .
same , what kind of music do you listen as you run ? creed for me
soft rock mostly . i listen to hip hop when i play volleyball .
i'm pretty carniferous due to the running , hard when you are on welfare
that's tough . are you looking for a job ?
yes but my dads incarcerated which makes things tough
that's a shame . does he get out soon ?
i'm hoping so , he used to drive big trucks
i love big trucks . i'm getting my nails done today .
oh neat , what color were you thinking ?
persona
my husband works for the government.
i like going on walks.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
i have a son.
persona II
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
dialogue
hi , i am a waitress in houston , what do you do ?
i run a small business . a bakery with vegan cakes
cool . i might have to try a vegan cake at my wedding
oh you are getting married ? oh i'm married with a son .
yes , and we are moving to australia
that is pretty far away . bet lots of fun places to walk there .
yeah , we just want to start fresh . do you have any hobbies ?
watching comedy on tv , like having something to laugh at
laughter is the best medicine
yes , i agree . sometimes i cannot stop laughing
its also been said laughter is contagious lol
wish my husband laughed more .
is he not a happy person ?
workaholic . no time for fun . stinks
oh okay but at least he's a good provider
yes , i guess so . i need to think that way .
persona
i love the summer.
i love mexican food.
i work at a animal clinic.
i've two kids i enjoy being on social media.
persona II
i work at a power plant.
i like to eat spaghetti.
my favorite thing to do is read.
my newest car is a chevy.
dialogue
hi , my favorite thing for dinner is spaghetti . what about you ?
hi ! mexican ! any kind . favorite season ? mines summer
oh wow , its always summer at my job in the power plant ll
are you on facebook , twitter , snap , instagram ? i am on everything
no , just on fb . i spend more time out in my new chevy . . . my baby !
i spend a lot of my time with my 2 kids at my animal clinic
oh , they must love being with you and puppies ! ! i read real books a lot .
i love books , i use my kindle a lot but i miss the book shelves
i have never used a kindle , i love the feel of real paper .
i have bad arthritis in my hands , they were causing me real pain
oh , then you are totally forgiven ll . your kids names ?
brenden gage and robert lee
sounds like they will grow up to be politicians , in a good way .
well seriously one is 22 and the other is 18 lol
mine is 13 but he is still my baby !
aw , just wait for grand babies
persona
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
persona II
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i have no parents or siblings.
dialogue
hey ! what have you been up to this morning ?
just got done working out , my sister is driving me mad crazy .
oh no ! why is that ?
guess what i found in my wallet lol oh wow ! a real tbt
what was in your wallet ? hopefully money to go buy me a steak
a old prom picture lol
have you been out of school for long ?
i love this certain type of jeans so much i've 5 that is the same .
that is kinda weird but we all do strange stuff . i only get 3 hours of sleep
yes 11 years , i want to quit my job an chase justin
who is justin ? justin bieber ?
yes but i hate waiting in line lol
oh well you can always just go kidnap him haha . do you travel at all ?
lol omg no i'd not do that , i want to but don't get too , you ?
persona
i play games at the arcade , still.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i was diagnosed with autism.
i'ven t done anything since high school.
people in school said i was quiet.
persona II
i am a very tall woman.
i love to cook ethnic foods.
i love to draw.
i've very curly hair.
dialogue
i am eating indian food . i love ethnic foods and i cook them very well .
nice ! ! i wish i could cook . autism prevents me from doing things like that .
my hair is real frizzy and curly so i've to pull it back when i cook .
i can imagine ! mine is pretty frizzy also .
i know someone with autism . they say arts and crafts are good for them .
i will have to try that . oddly enough video games seem to help .
i'm a real tall woman but my stove is short . i need to be higher .
well perhaps a carpenter could adjust it for you .
i heard games can help too . i like drawing and i help them learn to draw .
yes i'll have to try drawing .
yes i'll get a carpenter to put my stove up on blocks .
that should definitely help you out
ethnic foods are full of flavors and spices that is why i love to cook them so much .
i love foods full of flavors and spices !
persona
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
i use the computer all day.
i love hockey.
persona II
i like to work with acrylics.
my favorite class is painting.
i have blonde hair.
i aspire to paint murals.
dialogue
hey , are you my next customer ? i've been painting all day
i love to paint also ! i've been working on my computer all day .
what were you working on ?
i'm an accountant and very busy .
oh , i see . i just paint all day . i dream of finishing giant murals one day .
that sounds like fun ! i love to go to hockey games when i can .
i've never been to a hockey game !
it is really fun ! i like to take my mom when she'sn't with my grandmother .
that's so sweet of you .
maybe we can text each other sometime ? i hate talking on the phone !
sure ! you should come to my art exhibit too .
i'd love to ! let me know the date .
i'll as soon as it is confirmed with the office .
i would love to take you to a hockey game .
persona
i love being in nature.
my mother is a teacher.
i can speak three languages.
i like to bike.
persona II
i ve a dog.
my favorite color is red.
i m not very tall.
i ve two siblings.
dialogue
hi , i really love my dog
do you ? i have one , i love to bike
i i like red and i am short
blue is my favorite color can you speak any other languages
i can speak alien . only alien
really ? i do not speak alien . but wish i did
it is alot of fun . you should try .
i can really only ride a bike lol
oh ok . boring . i have a brother and sister
sick sick that's not boring at all
qwerty . very qwerty . i think so
sick sick my mom is a teacher tho
are you sick ? i think so
sick sick no i am not sick
sick sick , i'm so sick
sick sick , my mothers a teacher which is sick
persona
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i've one little girl.
i graduated top of my class.
my wife is a college professor.
my mother was a concert pianist.
persona II
i like italian cousine.
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
sometimes i go to yoga classes.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing good and you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
where do you work at ?
i work as a graphic designer
is it stressful or not ?
not too stressful but kinda boring
i'm a trauma surgeon it wears me out
so you must work a lot
yeah and my mom used to play piano
do you get to travel much ?
not really i have to support my child
persona
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
my inspiration is clasical music.
i m a graphic designer.
persona II
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
i am a happy person.
i sing many songs.
dialogue
hello , can i sing to you ?
yes ! i bet you would make a good voiceover actor . you dance ?
i sometimes dance when i listen to the lumineers
oh okay . i draw and paint people smiling . you like to smile ?
i love smiling , will you paint me ?
hmmm . i design graphics while listening to classical music . you draw or paint ?
not really . i mostly just sing and read .
sure if you sing a song . deal ? i want to work for dreamworks so bad . dance ?
sure . i can dance for you too .
what inspires you ? i love classical music . i will be an animator soon . reading what ?
the lumineers inspire me . any book is fine usually .
you seem nice . any advice for future animator slash author ? you married ?
i'm not married . make cute things , that is what people love .
thanks ! i graphic design my own book covers . i wish you happiness .
you are just so sweet . write a book about you loving me .
well . . . how about if i just wrote a classical music piece ? okay ?
persona
i like painting , i can cook well.
i like cookies.
i like pasta.
i'm a student.
i also like ice cream.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i've a cat named speckles.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i work in an office.
i've two tattoos.
dialogue
hi ! my cat , speckles , just walked in the room .
hi and hello to speckles too . no pets for me , dorm rules and all
that is too bad . what are you studying ?
engineering but taking some art classes too
that sounds interesting ! i work in an engineering office .
cool what type of engineering ?
agricultural engineering . i just work in finance though .
i am just starting in civil engineering . i like creative stuff cooking , painting but love planning things
planning is always fun ! i love planning my shopping trips ahead .
i only like shopping if its for dessert ! could use some ice cream now
i love ice cream . too bad its getting too cold out to eat much ice crem .
guess we could settle for cookies instead . any hobbies ?
my favorite hobby is knitting . unfortunately it bores speckles .
maybe speckles just wants a sweater of their own . no knitting but i like to cook .
persona
my favorite hobby is reading.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
i am a digital artist.
persona II
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i am a barista.
my family is from algeria.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i'm doing good . . . just got done reading . do you read ?
i love reading . and language in general . i speak 3 arabic , english and french !
wow really i am from france but now i live here in canada
i've been to both france and canada . what made you move ?
my job , i'm an artist that does digital work . do you work ?
i do . balista by day and jazz piano player in a band by night .
awesome . . sigh i miss sipping on a margarita .
what else do you like to do ? hiking is my other big passion outside of piano .
right now nothing i am on bed rest .
that can be rough , my sister in law is on bed rest right now as well .
yea me and my husband are having twin .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love to paint pictures.
i love meat.
i have a new job selling cars.
persona II
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
i only take the bus.
dialogue
the bus is the only transportation i use
hi how are you doing ?
because i'm a woman , and is old
what do you do for a living ?
i'm fine , the checks from social security is my main source of income
what do you do for a living ?
so the house a door away , i do babysit , and she's a woman
what city are you from ?
i love yellow color because it makes me happy what about you ?
i like pink , how old are you ?
i'm older than you . . . guess !
i'm 36 what about you ?
49 , do you like ice cream ? what color of ice cream do you like
i like rocky road ice cream
ha ha ok , what is your favorite flavor ?
i'd have to say pink
persona
i'm an elementary school teacher.
i love to shop.
i live in toronto , canada.
my mom and dad are from japan.
persona II
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i am glad that i work from home.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i am confined to my bed.
i enjoy playing computer games.
dialogue
hello there , how are you doing today ?
i am well , thank you ! how are you ?
i am doing well , just playing some computer games .
sounds fun ! i went shopping with my daughter earlier today .
i wish i could go shopping , but i cannot leave my bed .
oh no ! that's terrible ! so , what do you do ? i mean , career wise .
i am happy that i work at home in my bed . what about you ?
i am a teacher . i really enjoy it ! love kids !
i do not have kids , i have several pets .
cool ! so , what part of the world do you live in ?
since i do not get out , i see the world through different forms of social media , you ?
i live in canada . the toronto area , but my parents live in japan .
do you go visit them ?
not often , just some holidays . do you live near your family ?
persona
i lamp on the weekends in the forest.
i miss my dad.
there i'm a general of an oris army.
i could move out , but she does not want me to.
in reality i'm 32 and live at home with my mother.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i love pandas.
i love to surf.
i'm a vegetarian.
i'm starting a new juicing bar.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good , nighttime here .
its daytime for me , that is why i'm heading to the beach
i love the beach , i'm 34 and do not live near my family .
that is sad , i know someone like that .
i could move closer to home , i miss my family
i would if i were you . if not you can come start a juicing bar
i am a general of an oris army ! how about you ?
i am just a lazy surfer
i lay around in the forest on the weekends
that's very random you know
i know , not much else to do around here .
sounds very boring , you should try surfing
i am very afraid of sharks . have you seen any ?
i've and i try not to bite them , i am vegan
i am thinking about doing a vegan lifestyle
persona
i have won tap dance competitions.
i love to bake cakes.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i've a twin brother.
persona II
i am the middle child of 3 siblings.
i drive a mercedes.
i've a sweet tooth.
i'm getting married in six months.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing .
i am good how about you ?
in six months i will be married . yikes !
that's exciting ! need a wedding cake ? i bake them !
yes , my sweet tooth will thank you .
ll ! i just made a cake for my bothers wedding , he's my twin !
i'm the middle child out of 3 . i'm the only one with a mercedes .
nice ! do you have any hobbies ?
being awesome . how about you ?
i love to read especially david copperfield , and tap dancing .
i like to color and i wear a helmet .
coloring is fun ! i have even won some competitions with tap dancing .
tap dancing seems fun . i don't dance .
it is fun ! i like a lot of forms of dance .
i like exotic dancers mostly .
ll ! well to each their own !
persona
my mom is my best friend.
i couldn't live without my cell phone.
i attend book club every week.
i am more of a cat person than a dog person.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
persona II
i've brown eyes.
i love money.
my mother was a weightlifter.
i have blonde hair.
my feet smell.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
cannot complain . how is your day ?
that is good , my day is great so far . just about to take my daughter to the park .
i don't have kids yet . i did attend my book club today though .
she has blonde hair just like me awesome , how did that go ?
blonde is great . i take my mom with me as she's like my best friend .
www , that is so sweet . my mother lifts weights for a hobby lol !
strong mom i bet . does your family have any pets ?
yes , we have two cats and a bird ? you ?
i've two cats too . i like cats more then dogs .
awesome , me too . i wish i could have 5 cats lol !
me too but i am glad i've two so they can entertain each other .
persona
i've an internship at a computer company.
i have 5 children.
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
i'm a student.
persona II
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i am an insurance salesman.
my favorite color is blue.
i post on reduit often.
dialogue
hello . do you read reddit . i usually post things daily
i do sometimes . i work at a computer company . well actually its an internship .
i do insurance sales . super boring .
my mom works in a law firm , that is super boring too .
i usually ride my bike when its warm out . mostly on weekends .
that sounds fun ! i like to fish on the weekends .
i never fished before . is it dangerous ?
no not at all it is very relaxing .
what your favorite color ? mine is blue .
mine is pink . my five daughters also love pink .
i've a son so maybe and he loves blue lol .
ll possibly ! its hard being a student with 5 kids .
how do you do it ? i usually work from home
a lot of patience and coffee ! ll working from home sounds great !
persona
i am 25 years old and live with my parents.
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i'm college student.
i drive a ford mustang.
persona II
i live in chicago.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
dialogue
hello from chicago ! ! ! ! ! how are you ?
i am doing well . how are you today ?
i have been playing quake and am so happy ! ! !
cool ! are you in college ? i am a student . a lot of my friends play quake .
yes ! ! ! i'm a fashion design major ! ! !
i'm majoring in mechanical engineering . what are your hobbies ?
hanging out with my moms , drawing and baseball !
i still live at home , actually . i spend a lot of time working on my mustang .
what color is it ? ? hopefully red . i love red ! ! ! ! ! !
it actually is red ! red cars are the best !
that's amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i want a ride ! ! ! ! ;
haha , its a really pretty car . at least , i think so . ;
that is great ! ! ! ! my moms are calling to tell me they love me ! ! !
do you have more than one mom ?
persona
my house is located in the countryside.
i'm seventy one years old.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
persona II
i am a cashier at a grocery store.
i've a garden in my yard.
i like to make fresh pies.
my hobby is sewing.
dialogue
hey there , you got any hobbies ?
i'm 71 and live in the countryside
not bad , must be peaceful , i like sewing how about you ?
i love to garden and eat veggies
i also have a garden , been trying to get huge watermelons
i already have huge melons and hate them
what kind ? honey dew ? i also have pumpkins
i'm not sure . they are not good . i hate them
you don't know which kind of melon ? be careful
you can never be quite sure . always break them
good advice . i like to make pies , grape ones . weird i know
yuck ! i would rather eat my melons
it sounds bad , but you would be freaked out they are wicked good
i am always freaked out . always freaked out
persona
i love dogs.
i've a sleeve of tattoos.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i m a photographer.
i've 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
persona II
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
i like to watch mma.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
dialogue
hi ! i am about the start the police academy this coming summer !
great ! just got done walking my four dogs love spending time with them
that sounds fun . i've a prized bowie knife that i take in the woods .
do you like tatoos ? i've an entire sleeve of them
no tats here . i do love watching mma fights though !
yeah ! planning on going out and have a drink with my friends at our fave bar
that sounds like fun . i need to eat diner i'm super hungry !
me too . my dogs like to eat my dinner i don't mind i love them so
haha that is so funny ! i've no pets sadly .
i love to take pictures of them
i'm really into photography as well .
so is my husband that's how we met
oh really ? what sort of equipment does he use ?
he has a canon camera and tripod
persona
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
persona II
i usually go to bed late.
i'm studying to be a dentist.
i like sports.
my favorite team is the raptors.
dialogue
anyone like the raptors ? i love all sports , but the raptors rule !
i do not know much about sports between ballet and work
wow . i'm going to dental school . up all night to study .
that is when i work at the gas station
part time or full time ? do you sleep all day ? i almost do .
part time because i am saving to move in two months
where to ? what do you hope to accomplish by moving ?
san diego and be closer to my favorite band and a fresh start
hmmmm . . . who is your favorite band ? do you have plans other than that ?
a punk band called rancid and step out of my mothers shadow in ballet
i have heard of them . i think i know who you are ! right ?
well if you know you my mother you might know me
i guess not . i like rancid , all right , but sports are better than ballet .
i'm glad you don't know my mother
persona
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i wish i made more money.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i wish i did not have to work.
i've a strange obsession with pens.
persona II
i love watching game of thrones.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i've four children.
i am an artist.
i recently got a cat.
dialogue
hey , how are you ? just got back from a long walk , so i am beat
hi ! i am obsessed with pens
me too actually haha . i'm an artist and pen is my favorite medium .
i like writing for a long time with my pens !
wow , that is great ! what do you write ?
i am a writer for my local newspaper but i wish i did not work
why do you wish that ?
because i don't make enough money there
i see . i didn't realize that newspaper journalists are underpaid .
yes , i am thinking about switching careers
to what ? if i could write , i would try to write for game of thrones .
i am thinking about art . game of thrones is awesome !
oh , wow ! i'm a freelance artist , and i can tell you its not easy . its rewarding .
i'm willing to put the extra worl
persona
i used to work as an actress.
i love all animals.
i love my job.
my favorite music is country.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i'm a college drop out.
i like to go fishing.
i work at the deli counter.
my favorite music is jim hendrix.
dialogue
hello , my name is jed . how are you ?
great . i'm lucy and i do not eat meat .
fantastic i like to fish so i hope that does not offend you .
no fishing is fun . i just release them back to the water .
what a sport ! do you like music at all hendrix is my favorite ?
i like garth brooks a lot .
garth is pretty cool . i saw him in concert at college before i dropped out .
way cool . do you like animals ? i love my three dogs .
i love pets i've a coon hound named jesse .
nice . i used to be on television but love being a director now .
wow that's really something . i am just a deli employee .
do you make subs or are you at a grocery store ?
i work at the grocery store although we make subs as well .
awesome . i love veggie subs .
persona
i m originally from london , england.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i'm a model building enthusiast.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
i love going to comedy clubs.
persona II
i'm allergic to seafood.
i own a iphone 7.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
dialogue
hey . whats up . how are you ?
not great . i am dealing with the loss of my parents .
were they murdered in an alley during a robbery ?
um , no . they died in an auto accident .
oh ok just making sure . i'm looking for bruce wayne . he is here somewhere
that's odd . i'm working on a model . i like to do them .
it pops up occasionally in casual conversation . what kind of models ?
right now i'm doing an ocean liner .
wow . is it very large ? i'm fixing hot chocolate
it is a good size . i will keep it on my coffee table .
nice . do you like coffee . i just had a cup this afternoon
i like iced coffee with flavors in it .
me too . caramel and mocha are my favorite . do you work ?
i do not right now . i just got here from london .
persona
i hate to lose.
my favorite season is spring.
i have blue eyes.
i love fishing.
my father died when i was 2.
persona II
i m a really , really good guitar player.
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
i'm great . fishing all day . how are you ?
i am doing ok . . . i just wish my girlfriend would stop threatening to break up with me
my father died when i was two , which is much worse .
i watched a movie about something like that it was by john grisham
i hope it was about spring , i love spring . what do you hate ?
i really hate having to put on pants everyday
i love wearing pants . i also love to win .
my parents were like that when they were in politics
i'm the only blue eyed person who hates politics . where are you ?
i have brown eyes . . politics can really take the goodness out of you while you are involved
it can , politics killed my father , when i was two .
have you ever tried reading a john grisham book i don't care for them
his books are too mainstream for me . i like fishing books .
i really like his movies just not his books
my blue eyes love watching movies . do you have a job ?
persona
i used to be in the marines.
i m a vegetarian.
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i like to write poetry.
persona II
i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i haven t had to work a day in my life.
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
i think i need botox soon.
dialogue
i'm good hope you are doing well
i'm just bored . might pick up a book to read .
i like to draw a lot and create designs
i prefer to write poetry . what do you do for a living ?
i also love to write create stories and poems
i write poems about my time served in the marines .
i had to see a lot of stuff when i was young too
great . what kinds of food do you like best ?
do you have kids ? i love pizza so much but really depends on my mood .
i love veggie pizza but have no kids .
my goodness ! i'm going to have to go get some .
so what do you do for a living ?
that's confidential information . i am sure you understand .
sure do . i m an ex marine myself so i know about confidential .
persona
my favorite sport is hockey.
i went to japan this summer.
my mom is a painter.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my best friend just moved away.
persona II
i hope to change the world.
i work in a factory.
i volunteer in my spare time.
i m always early to everything.
i love to tell jokes.
dialogue
what do you call a tree ? a tree lol i love jokes
i heard that on in japan this summer on my trip
japan that's nice . i want to go there in hopes of changing the world
my mom paints there . we go all the time
i work with my mom in the factory
cool . i play hockey in the field by a factory in our town
hockey , are you any good ?
yes i play on our senior team for my high school
we i have to go soon i love to by early for my volunteer job
i did that a lot with my best friend . she moved away last month
i'm sorry to hear that
we facetime each other all the time
cool i know you miss them
yes i miss them a lot
what else do you like ?
i just love to play the sport
persona
i love sweets.
i cs and ds.
i love bruno mars.
i am in high school.
i sleep a lot.
persona II
i'm currently single.
i love to paint.
my favorite season is spring.
i enjoy walks on the beach.
dialogue
hi , i love painting pictures what you love doing
i love to eat anything sweet ! do you like to listen to music ?
that sound good i love listen to gospel
i listen to bruno mars , but i'm a high school student .
ok , do you love going to the beach
not really . i prefer sleeping . i'm kind of lazy .
well you need to try it some time i no you'll love walking on the beach
i will ! do you work or are you in school ?
might go back to school one day , yes i work
what do you do for work ?
i do care giver for the senor
that must be rewarding . i will need to get my grades up to get a job .
good luck , what is your favorite color
my favorite color is green . yours ?
persona
i am single.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a cyclist.
my father used to be a cop.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
persona II
i like to make fresh pies.
i am a cashier at a grocery store.
i like to go swimming.
i have a garden in my yard.
my hobby is sewing.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am well . just about to go in to work . what do you look like ?
where do you work at ? i'm old .
i'm young , dumb , and full of cum ! i'm a waiter !
where do you wait tables at
at this joint called the frog zone grill . its pretty chill . what about you ?
i work with the public still . i can not wait to retire .
do you live in the usa ? what will you do in retirement ?
i want to have a house with a garden and pool
that sounds very relaxing . i've a nice home but no garden or pool
i just want to relax and sew on the porch
that's neat my mother is a seamstress
does she like it a lot
she's a wonderful woman . very friendly . do you ride bicycles ?
persona
i love to dance.
my favorite food is mexican.
i grew up in new hampshire.
i enjoy reading history books.
i'm a teacher.
persona II
i'm a very short woman.
i've trouble losing weight.
i love animals.
i'm near sighted and wear contact lenses.
dialogue
i really need to lose weight . having trouble shedding a couple of pounds .
i hear you . my love for mexican food does not make it easier .
i can relate . extra weight doesn't look good on a short woman like me .
do you like to dance ? dancing can help one lose weight i think .
yes , but i'm really short sighted . sometime i wear contacts .
well , just let the guy lead , then you don't even need contacts . right ?
you are so wise ! never thought of that .
i teach for a living . hope there is some wisdom somewhere !
i work on a farm . i like animals
cool . what is your favorite animal ?
kangaroos . there are lots of them in new zealand .
new zealand really ? are you sure ? i think they have lots of sheep .
that too . have you visited new zealand ?
yes i've . perhaps the kangaroos are in australia .
both countries have lots of animals . but there are too far from america !
true . so very far from new hampshire where i grew up . you ?
persona
i like meat too much.
i want to be a vegetarian.
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i m lazy and pork tastes good.
persona II
i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.
when i cut loose , i lose control.
we help each other out in my family.
i despise my boss.
i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight ?
hi , just relaxing . pondering my diet . i want to switch to vegetarian
i work more than 60 hours a week at a restaurant so i just eat there .
i'd never work that much . i'm way too lazy . but love cooked pig
my boss is the worst ! but when i go out i know how to party hard !
i usually have a meat party and eat it all myself
my family helps me a lot to balance my work schedule .
a healthy diet should include many raw vegetables
yes i agree . do you know who bob marley is ?
does he eat a lot of meat . like 10 cows
no he was a reggae singer . i did not know who he was until yesterday .
well smoked pig , is the best . ever been to a pig roast ?
yes i have i am not really a fan .
how much bacon did you eat ? you need to eat at least 4 lbs
that sounds disgusting ! i think it would make me sick .
well you should eat raw okra with it
persona
i sometimes think i'm shallow.
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
if i want it , i buy it.
persona II
i like to make short films.
i've traveled overseas many times.
i have been on the tv news six times.
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good morning , i'm awesome . how are you ?
i am good what are your hobbies
i shop , eavesdrop when my neighbors argue , shop .
interesting do you like to travel ?
i do . i travel a lot . that is why i do not have a dog , too much commitment .
that makes sense i try to travel overseas about once a year
where do you go ? i mainly go to florida and hawaii
i try and pick a new place each time so i can learn about different cultures
i am going to do that one day , when i figure out where i want to go
that's the hardest part there are so many great places
there sure are . like california !
yeah ! do you like to watch tv ?
i do . i'm a walking dead fan
persona
i love the summer.
i work at a animal clinic.
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love mexican food.
persona II
my favorite type of music is metal.
i like watching tv and movies.
my dad died when i was in high school.
i've a lot of allergies.
i work in commercials.
dialogue
hey there , what are you doing ?
hello , i am relaxing now that my kids are in bed . how are you ?
i am good ! watching a movie with my daughter actually .
what are you watching ? mine love action movies .
it has songs and dancing and tiny dolls with colorful hair .
sounds interesting . i've teen boys , they like explosions .
kids shows are hard for me to watch with their pop songs . metal is more my style .
i hear you , i am a metal head as well .
what else are you into ?
i love social media and animals .
i love animals too but i am allergic to everything .
that is horrible , have you tried fish ?
yet another thing i'm allergic to !
really ? even as a pet ?
i've not tried a pet fish . i should .
you really should . my kids want horses .
persona
i really enjoy making friends.
i am in my high school band.
i play the trumpet.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
persona II
i want to be a famous photographer.
i am a widow.
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i like taking pictures.
dialogue
wow ! its getting late . i spent too long in my darkroom today .
cool . are you into photography ?
totally . i'm going to be famous some day .
that is awesome . its really nice to meet you , by the way .
likewise . do you like to travel ?
i love it . i think of all the locations where i'll be shooting movies .
i am going to write a travelogue book showcasing my photos .
that sounds great . where all have you been ?
well , only mexico so far , but its a start !
absolutely . i mean , i've not made any movies yet . i'm still in high school
oh , i thought maybe you were an actor or a director .
nah , but just you wait . someday you might see a movie i directed .
i'm probably old enough to be your mother .
that's cool . my mom is always reminding me to practice on my trumpet .
my brother played the trumpet . he was horrible .
that's a drag . how long did he play ?
persona
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i enjoy travel.
i work in a factory.
i love to drive my car.
i like watching ufc fights.
persona II
i used to play hockey.
i love to dance.
i am 6 foot tall.
i like to go running.
i have asthma.
dialogue
hi . i need a running partner for morning jogs . are you interested ?
totally ! i need to . although , i love driving in my car .
i have a hard time fitting in cars because i am so tall , but that's great .
lol . . . did you watch the recent fight with mcgregor and mayweather fight ?
oh , no , i follow hockey , but it sounds interesting . who won ?
unfortunately mayweather . i enjoy watching cf mathes
that's too bad . i am glad you enjoy it though . still up for running later ?
absolutely ! do you travel often . i enjoy it a lot !
i do not travel too often anymore since i stopped playing hockey , but i do dance .
working in a factory , i'm on my feet all day . not equivalent to dancing though
sounds hard . i have got asthma so working in factories is a nono . what else do you do ?
i just read a lot . love getting lost in the books .
books are nice . i have got a good one on dancing techniques that i love .
awesome ! i love to get lost in non fictional books . it gets intriguing
me too . it looks like we are set up and good to go . thanks for the chat !
of course ! thank you as well !
persona
i'm from texas.
i love to bake.
my mother is a retired teacher.
my favorite flower is a rose.
persona II
i am an artist.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i've four children.
i love watching game of thrones.
i recently got a cat.
dialogue
hi how are you today
fine . i just finished baking a batch of rose scented cookies . i'm retired .
those sound good i paint for a living
great ! you selling your stuff online . i want to start an online bakery .
no i've galleries that buy them . i love being an artist
me too ! although i am an artist of a different kind . i used to be a teacher .
teachers are great my four kids hate all the homework they get
teachers hate giving believe it or not . ll . i also survived hurricane harvey .
that is great are you in texas
yes , houston to be exact . things have changed drastically here .
i bet i'm glad you are ok did you loose anything
we lost everything . but we had flood insurance which replaced everything .
i am sorry you lost everything good thing you had insurance
we bought flood insurance when we renewed our policy earlier this year .
that was a great idea . it was nice talking to you
it was a pleasure chatting with you .
persona
i want to be a music teacher.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
i play the violin.
my grandma raised me.
my favorite color is red orange.
persona II
my hair is very long.
i enjoy video games.
i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.
my mom lives with me.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today
pretty good , how are you tonight ?
i am doing great , i was playing playstation with my little brother
sounds fun , i was studying and practicing music
what kind of music are you practicing ,
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?
i was playing with little brother gods of war , we live with our mother
i live with my grandma , but she's fun
that is nice , yes i live my brother and mother , but boyfriend live in italy
you must miss him , nice place to visit
yes , l ve been there alot ,
i'm envious , someday hope to go , love the history
you'd really like it
i am sure , the food must also be amazing
persona
i think i might need help.
i get sad a lot.
i'm bisexual.
i just lost my job and i am looking for something new.
persona II
i've never been to college.
my favorite phone is as iphone.
i love to go hiking.
i am a bank teller.
i've never been out of the country.
dialogue
hello , my name is bradley . how are you ?
my name is joe and am fine
what are you up to this weekend ? i'm going for a hike .
i'm attending a friends birthday party .
that is awesome do you have any hobbies ?
yeah . i love singing church hymns and attending christian gatherings
that's lovely . what do you do for work ?
i work in a boutique selling gents wear and at the art gallery on weekends .
i'm a bank teller darn , that sounds more interesting .
my mum wanted me to be like my dad but i could not make it like you
well i've not even been outside the country !
why , is it because your work puts you in one place ?
persona
i live in ahuge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
i am a professional basketball player.
i went to college in maryland.
persona II
i'm a 43 year old woman.
my hair is short and pink.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i love to travel.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
i'm well . i play basketball professionally . how about you ?
i work as a truck diver . as a hobby i like to travel .
interesting . where do you live ? i'm in florida , but went to school in maryland .
i live in chicago . what position do you play on your basketball team ?
front line . made quite alot of money doing it , 35 mill every year
oh wow that is impressive . which team do you play for ?
i don't feel comfortable saying . too shy i guess .
oh that is okay . how long have you been playing basketball ?
long enough to own a very large mansion . do you get vacation time ?
i do not get much vacation time but my truck driving job lets me travel all over .
of course . are you married or dating ?
i'm married . how about you ?
yes , just recently . do you have children ?
yes i've 5 children . two girls and three boys . what about yourself ?
none yet , just cats . i'd like to get a horse though .
persona
favorite band is the beetles.
i have a large cd collection.
i like vintage furniture.
i play the bass.
persona II
i'm 5 7 tall.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ? i'm a cashier at target . what do you do ?
i work for a market research firm , but i'm off today . i'm dusting off my cd collection .
what do you listen ? i am taking a break every other month to watch movies .
i love the beetles and the beach boys , but also listen to country music sometimes .
do you have any pets ? i have a spoil dog . got to buy him dog biscuit everyday .
i have a cat , but he gets annoyed when i play my bass in the apartment .
being 5 7 , you think i have a big dog . no , i have a boston terrier .
terriers are cute . i have quite a bit of vintage furniture and the cat loves it .
i live vintage furniture . they have characters .
yes , and you cannot really tell when the cat scratches some of the wood pieces . lol
yes , it is part of the design . hehe ! !
i know , its perfect !
do you live in the city ?
no , in a rural area . you ?
persona
i like eating pretzels.
i work for the railroad.
i'm an omnivore.
i really like watching star trek.
persona II
i like doing art projects.
i'm a strong woman.
i travel a lot.
i'm married.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i'm great . enjoying my day off ! how about you ?
i'm doing okay spending time with my husband
awesome , need to go to the store . barbequing tonight .
that sounds like a good time . what do you like to do in your down time
i love grabbing a jumbo size bag of pretzels and watch some star trek , you ?
i like to paint and draw
is that your hobby or your career ?
its just a hobby i want as a director so i travel more than i am home
i hear you , i am a train conductor . i am also rarely home .
i like trains i use live by tracks so i saw them all the time
i've always had a passion for the railroad .
it sounds like it can be stressful at times
its not work when you are doing something you love .
persona
i play tabletop games with friends.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i still live at home.
i need to use an inhaler sometimes.
persona II
in my spare time i like to play video games.
i would rather read a book than watch a movie.
i do not drink alcohol.
i work for a marketing agency.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashed.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
oh great today what about you ?
that's awesome , i am doing really well
the weather is cold today and my breath chokes might need get an inhaler
yeah you should , that can be tricky .
yes you are right love table tabletop games and plan to play with friends today
that's really cool , i myself like video games .
good one . i wish to invite my co worker i've a crush on for the game .
nice ! where do you work at ?
i work in a financial firm but i do live with my parents at home
that's a good way to save money .
you know my thoughts quite well . how about you , do you owe a house ?
i do , i am just paying off the mortgage though .
great . i envy you and hope to get one soon
persona
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i love trips to the beach.
i am in my last year of grad school.
i am the worlds best aunt.
persona II
my major is business.
i'm in college.
i love the beach.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
i'm fine , just walked along the beach
oh i am jealous ! the beach is my favorite place to be ! ! !
yeah it is nice to walk at night with my dog
i wish i was there . i'm stuck at work making pizzas .
i love pizza , my favorite is pepporri
mine too ! it would taste better on the beach though
with some wine , yes it would
yes ! i am still in college and underage though ;
i am in my ultimo year of grad school
congrats ! i have two more years in business school
that is cool , , also and do you work now
just at the pizza place . i throw the dough for tips ! !
that is funny , , have it fell on the floor
lots ! ! i almost got fired when it fell on a lady head 0
i wish i could make pizza ,
persona
i wish my mom was healthier.
i wish i could go to a better school.
i worry about my image.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
persona II
i'm a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that is why i have been a sales person all my life.
i am a carefree , funloving , free spirited person.
i'm 5 3 an love movie time.
dialogue
hi there , how are you
i am ok , i've some worries .
i put god first in everything
that's nice , do you find it helps with your problems
and you will be alright if you do that
i wsh my mom was healthier
it helps me with my sales as a sales man
i live in a bad neighbourhood and there are no jobs
just be fun loving , carefree
i don't like my school , i don't think i'll get into college
movie time , do you like it ? 5 3 is my height
yes , i like movies too . what is your best
do you need some help with ?
help with what ? i don't understand
with something or anything that you need
i've crazy neighbours who yell all the time
persona
i play the guitair.
i am studying software development.
my name is kevin.
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
persona II
i like dogs.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i grew up in nevada.
i'm an orphan.
dialogue
hi . how is it going ?
going well . i'm kevin , and you are . . . . ?
i'm harry . i have two dogs , you ?
no , i study software development so not much time for a pet .
oh . too bad . where are you from ?
i'm in pa . i play the guitar in my band .
oh . i'm in nevada . grew up here .
getting ready to go to the gym . do you lift ?
no . tell me something about yourself ?
i love learning . new things , especially . i'm like a sponge .
oh . my parents abandoned me when i was two .
i'm so sorry that happened . how old are you now ?
20 . i ended up aging out of foster care .
my best friend was left at the circus when she was 3 .
persona
my favorite band is the muggers.
i go surfing any chance i get.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
persona II
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
i once swam with manta rays.
i hate winter and the cold.
my favorite show is csi.
dialogue
hey there hows it going tonight ?
really great . jamming out to the muggers
awesome ! i'm over here watching csi . like always lol
that's a great show ! so what do you do for fun ?
i like doing outdoor stuff ! mostly oceans and exotic type things ! swam with manta rays once !
wow that's really great . i surf . we should go together
heck yeah ! anywhere warm ! hate winter and cold weather !
me too . do you believe in polyamory ?
not quite sure what that is . . .
where you are with multiple people instead of just one in a romantic relationship
oh ! ! hmmm . . . i have not thought much of that . lol i am guessing you do
yes i don't believe in being with just one person
lol only need 1 person ! jesus !
monogamy is not natural . if it was we would not be attracted to others
i think its more about self control lol . what do you do for a living
it may be but it still is not natural . i don't tell !
persona
currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.
i love her though.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
persona II
i own a car.
i am a girl.
i love dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i love sushi.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am fine thank you how old are you .
not that old . do you go to restaurants often ?
about once every two month , are you 20 year old ?
yeah in my twenties . i just had sushi for the first time the other day . love it !
oh k what do you do on the weekends i watch on youtube .
i go to the beach . i do not live far .
o k were do you live i used to live in north america in minnesota
i live on the coast . love trips to the water .
what country do you live in
i live in the usa !
ok sorry do you have a girl friend
no i do not i've my dog !
my sister has a dog
my dog is a poodle shi tzu mix . so cute !
i do not even now what my sister dog is
persona
i've two siberian huskies.
i play guitar.
i've four daughters.
persona II
i play football.
i like action movies.
i drive a restored mustang.
i'm a college student.
my father is a doctor.
dialogue
hi
hi , hows it going ?
good and yourself ?
great here .
what do you do for a living ?
i play the guitar in a band . and you ?
i go to school
cool . are you married ? any children ?
no but maybe someday
i am married , 3 sons and 4 daughters .
where are you from ?
usa . and you ?
i am in cali . . . u ?
tx . no flooding here though . do you have any pets ?
persona
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
my favorite food is shrimp.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
i love hanging out with my friends.
persona II
i'ven t done anything since high school.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i was diagnosed with autism.
people in school said i was quiet.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
dialogue
hey man , how are you ?
i just love this planet
is your name jill ? she plays games with me at the arcade .
no , my name is ichabod
are there many autistic kids where you are ichabod ?
no no no just me
i was just diagnosed . people have always said i was quiet and i think i'm fine .
then you are fine . people suck
do you like linkin park ? i love them but i do not know why .
i really prefer industrial parks
what do you do all day
i sit around and eat
me too . i have not done much since high school .
m either , i can't read
i am sorry to hear that
that's ok . i can't type either
persona
i m going back to school.
i m a vegan.
i love animals.
i enjoy reading.
i love country.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
madonna is my sister.
my husband is the ceo of taco bell.
i've five cats.
dialogue
hello , do you like taco bell ?
it used to be my favorite , but now i've a vegetarian diet .
i am married to the ceo of taco bell . we do have some vegetarian items .
really ? do they use beans in place of meat ? i am an animal lover .
they will if you ask for it .
thank you . there is a taco bell down our rural road .
your welcome . i always like to make our customers happy .
do you have any hobbies besides the company ?
i like to read and listen to music .
i also like to read . i just finished waking the spirit . about music and healing
sounds interesting . i'll have to check it out .
it is phenomenal ! i've been cracking the books late back in school
good luck on your studies .
thank you very much . i want to do something to help others and our country .
persona
i work in the office , 9 till 5.
this summer i went on vacation to italy.
i live in a big city.
i like italian cusine.
persona II
i avoid eating sugar.
i like rollerblading.
i try to eat a balanced diet.
i'm caucasian.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
fine , thank you . and you ?
i hate sugar , and sweets , how about you ?
i hate salt . i do not put salt in my food when i cook .
i'm following s diet , balanced
that is wonderful , and sould healthy .
rollerblading is my past time , it is fun
i don't have free time to do fun things since work in the office all day .
oh , are you caucasian ? coz i am
no i am not caucasian . i am asian .
where are you from ? specifically ? do you like it there
i love united states . it is the beautiful country . nice people .
wow , that s so cool , and you love it here
yes i respect the country very much .
how do you like it here the
the law is good . and people are so nice .
persona
i keep my hair cut very short.
i'm a member of the ymca.
i love scary movies.
i am learning to play the piano.
i'm allergic to cats.
persona II
i'm retired.
i stay active.
i have good health.
i wear glasses.
dialogue
hi hiw are you today
i am great thanks howa re you ?
pretty good where do you work ?
i work at a bookstore . where do you work ?
i do not i am retired you youngun
my hair is short is your hair long ?
its not i'm old and bald
well my hair is kept in a very short cut . do u like movies ?
i do i get lots of time to watch
i enjoy scary movies how about you ?
those aren't good for my old heart
what do you like to do for fun
i run a lot to stay healthy
do you enjoy running more than you enjoy the benefits ?
no i just want that good health
so what do you like to do for fun ?
persona
i'm strong.
i never eat veggies.
i am tall.
i'm young.
persona II
i like to paint.
i like to attend wine tours.
i enjoy visiting museums.
we have two sons.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i know mondays are so difficult ! i need another coffee already !
i am still pretty young so i do not really need coffee yet !
oh ! so i take it you do not drink wine either ?
no , i do not . i do not really like to eat my veggies either you ?
i love veggies ! however , my sons , jacob and tyler do not like to eat their veggies
are you tall ? i'm short maybe from not eating veggies .
haha , no i'm also short . are you married ?
yes i'm , i'm pretty strong to get married young !
yes you are ! i'm also married . my husband , john is 20 years older .
that's amazing , commitment is great but marriage you definately have to work at .
i totally agree , we paint together . its very fun , and keeps us laughing !
that's great , common interests and things you like to do together definately helps !
yes ! i totally agree ! we love to drag the boys to museums for family bonding time
how old are the boys ?
they're 5 and 8 , i take it you do not have kids yet ?
yes he is very small still 1 years old .
oh what a sweet age !
yes , they cant give you an attitude quite yet !
persona
i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.
i get my nails done every saturday.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyer s office.
persona II
i'm a yoga instructor.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
pink is my favorite color.
i enjoy being alone.
my mother is dead.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
hi there ! i'm okay , hows you ?
i'm fine , miss my mom a little .
oh , i see . did she pass away ?
yes , she died of cancer last year .
oh dear . i'm sorry to hear that
thanks . are your parents alive ?
mine are both alive . divorced and remarried .
are married ? i am , happily , too .
i am not . i just work in an office
do you have any hobbies ?
i love to watch wwe , but i do not tell people that
why not ? do you think they will laugh ?
i guess i am just embarrassed
i think there isn'thing embarrassing about it . do you exercise ?
not very often . but i get my nails done
persona
i want to move.
i don t like feeling controlled.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i've a harsh inner critic.
i don t like my reputation.
persona II
i write.
i work at mcdonald s.
i watch youtube videos.
i've brown hair.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am good looking to move out of my apartment
oh i have never been a big fan of moving .
yeah my apartment is soo small and i don't like my area
i live near mcdonalds , i'm a cashier there on the weekends .
that is cool what do you like to do
in my spare time i look for ghost videos on youtube .
are you interested in ghosts ?
oh i love ghosts , but they do scare me a bit .
yeah are you a halloween fan
i am a huge halloween fan .
what are you going to be this year
i'm going as a character out of a story i wrote called emily .
cool i probably won't dress up i'm a harsh critic of myself
i'm too , i have the worst color of hair its too brown for my liking .
i think brown hair looks nice
persona
i love the sound of the rain.
i do not like waking up early.
i love photography.
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
persona II
i recently started working online.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i eat meat.
i enjoy going to festivals.
dialogue
good evening , are you going to the fair tonight ?
i am doing great , its raining though . although i love that calming sound .
oh , i do too . i love the sound of the ocean crashing along the surf as well .
i love taking pictures of those zen moments too !
i'm a photographer , i work remotely and often from the beach .
same and it really suits me since i hate waking up early for a normal job .
i do too . i like being up at night and sleeping during the day .
are we the same person ? ! ? ! the only problem is the different cameras and lenses get expensive !
i think we may be ! did you see the camera on the new iphone ? amazing !
i actually watched a clip where they were having trouble with the phone . funny !
did you ? i will have to check that out . i was too busy drooling over the camera .
true . have you ever used candles for lighting when taking pictures ?
persona
i ve had the same job for 8 years.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i like to play guitar.
i don t consume caffeine.
mo mother worked as a nurse.
persona II
i have never been on a cruise ship.
i love to shop on weekends.
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i'm planning a trip to europe.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
hi , i just came back from work , it is so boring , been there for 8 years .
wow were do you work ? i am thinking of going to europe .
i am getting ready to listen do to some rolling stones and unwind .
sounds fun . my favorite hobby is shopping on the weekends .
europe is awesome ! the shops , the restaurants , the scenery everything !
my boyfriend and i are taking dance lessons in anticipation for our trip .
in my spare time i play the guitar , but i like shopping too .
that is cool . i just bought a dress today , a size 12 .
i like dancing , now i just do zumba , i just stared a new diet
that sounds fun ! is there anything you have never done ? mine is a cruise .
i do not eat caffeine at all or sugar and gluten free
that's a very healthy diet
yeah i have not gone to hawaii
persona
i am a yoga instructor.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
i love watching old movies.
persona II
i wear contacts.
i love to drink whiskey.
i'm very smart.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
good afternoon , how is it going ?
i'm good . just got done with my yoga instructing .
i do that outdoors , i love it . then , i drink whiskey after , lol
lol cool . where are you from ?
i'm from ohio . near the lake , where are you at ?
lol cool . where are you from ?
ohio , we have a lot of wineries here .
i am in new york . i've always wanted to go to quebec , canada though .
i love new york , my contacts come from a great shop there .
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a house wife , my husband is a detective .
my lovely wife is a diesel mechanic .
i take care of our cars , my husband isn't a car guy .
that is cool . what are your hobbies ?
i do yoga , paint , go to the gym , volunteer with the police wives association
interesting . i am boring , i just like to watch old movies .
persona
i m scared of left turns.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i have four siblings.
i drive a blue honda civic.
persona II
i am partially blind.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
i like to make my own clothes.
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
dialogue
hello , how are you this morning ?
i am great ! i just started my new job at the golden arches last week !
nice ! i volunteer with various human rights groups . those arches are on our list .
it is certainly helping my family . i'm oldest of four the only one working .
that's very noble of you . have you ever seen young frankenstein ?
i have watched it quite a while ago .
it is my favorite . even though i am losing my sight , i can recall everything vividly .
i liked the movie spaceballs . i just saw it a few days ago .
i have not seen that one . i am making a few outfits from young frankenstein .
do you plan on dressing up in one for halloween ?
no , i like making my own wardrobe . gives me something to do .
oh cool that sounds like fun ! i enjoy photography and image editing .
i also like photography , my vision does not allow for editing .
sorry to hear that . playing around with them on the computer is great fun
persona
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
my parents recently moved to florida.
i love to cook.
i am going on a cruise next month.
persona II
my husband is a pastor.
i sell clothing on facebook.
i've two children.
i don't like to clean house.
my hair is curly and dark.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
doing great ! my name is john woods . i live in san diego
my name is sandy fields and i live in tennessee
i've been to nashville . its great ! my parents just moved to florida
that is lovely , my husbands parent retired there
i breed maine coons cats and there's a huge convention there next month !
my kids and i love cats , but their hair gets everywhere
i agree ! it can be pesky ! do you have any other pets ?
no , thankfully . having two kids and a cat makes it hard enought to clean the house !
i don't have a family yet but hopefully soon . going on a singles cruise in december
wonderful , i love to travel . my husband and i traveled for mission work before had kids
wow ! is that how you met ?
persona
my favorite band is rise against.
my favorite team is the raptors.
i usually go to bed late.
i like sports.
i am studying to be a dentist.
persona II
i work as a waitress.
i live in north dakota.
i like to draw.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
dialogue
hi , i'm from a large family with 5 siblings , how about you ? .
i'm a college student from cali
what state are you from or is ca your home state ?
yes i was born and raised here
so you are close to home ?
yes i'm . how about you ?
no , moved to the mid west and see lots of land not just buildings
how are you liking it ?
its different , i'm in n dakota and wait tables for a living .
do you go to school ?
yes , but still in college . have great teacher who helps me draw what i see .
what are you going to school for ?
general business with hopes to become a manager of some sort .
that would be a good thing to get into
i hope so . what are you studying ?
i am currently studying dentistry
persona
i love to travel.
i have two full sleeves of tattoos.
my hair is short and pink.
i work as a freight truck driver.
i'm a 43 year old woman.
persona II
i like to read.
i love the beach.
i've been at my job for seven years.
i'm a vegan.
i love country music.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing ?
good , 43 yr old female named becky
great . what is your habit ?
i like to dye my haire pink and short . and a truck driver .
i like to listen country music when i have free time
oh cool i have tattoos both my arms covered .
oh really ? what is those tattoos ? words or picture ?
bunch of stuff . being a truck driver also gives me the time to travel .
i love travelling too especially go to a place with beach .
i love the beach , it is my favorite place
awesome . i love reading on the sand and enjoy the sun bath
yeah best time to have a life
it makes me so relax
it is sooo relaxing on the beach .
yes . it is really nice to chat with you
it is nice to be at the beach and just enjoy the sound and water .
persona
i'm a georgia resident.
i love to read fiction books.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
persona II
i like going barefoot.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
i can knit.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm good . what do you like to do for fun ?
it s going to sound boring but i love to knit and read . you ?
i love to read too ! sci fi and horror are my favorites . what about you ?
i m into classic literature . i m a tutor actually , things like pride and prejudice
where do you teach ? i live in georgia . anywhere in that state ?
no , i m in oregon . and i tutor high school kids wanting to get into ivy league schools
wow you must be really smart . do you like sports at all ?
i do . i like football , baseball , boxing . what about you ?
i love football . i play in a fantasy league .
i tried that one year . i wasn t very good at it .
oh i'm not good at it . i just enjoy it !
lol , hold on , i went walking around barefoot as usual and stepped on something
oh no are you okay ?
yeah , just a friggin pine cone part or something . you have pines in georgia ?
i am not good with nature so i am not sure if they're pines or not
persona
i like to make bagels.
i am a cartographer.
i like to paint outdoors.
persona II
my favorite meal is brunch.
my car is black.
i am a recruiter.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
i'm doing well , tell me about yourself
i just got a new black car tha tim pretty excited about
that's awesome ! what do you do for a living ?
i'm in between jobs right now what about you ?
i'm a cartographer , i make carts .
that's cool
i'm kidding its actually someone who makes maps , i also paint outdoors
lol what kind of food do you like ?
i love bagels , i make my own .
that sounds great i love brunch food
personally i find it more like any time of the day food
persona
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love dark clothes.
i love non gmo foods.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love cold weather.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i work as a vet.
i'm a 30 year old female.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
dialogue
hi hows it going hope youre doing well
pretty good . getting ready to head out to my second job . you ?
i work with animals . i'm a vet
oh that sounds like a rewarding career ! how are you liking this weather ?
not very much but its great
i love it ! i'm so over the heat
gotta look after my 3 dogs and 2 cats
that should be an easy task for a vet
i would think so . happenstance i'm vegan too
i try to eat healthy too . only non gmo foods for me
that is good . lets live long tgt
that is right buddy ! live long and prosper
thank you mate . may the force be with you
and may the force be with you and your many pets
persona
i like listening to blues music.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
my favorite artist was prince.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i work for a government agency.
i like sports.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
i prefer baseball over football.
dialogue
hi how are you today ? sorry ! !
i'm well . listening to some blues this morning
is that your favorite music ?
actually my favorite is prince . do u have any hobbies ?
i love baseball its the best !
do u play or just like to watch ?
i love the watch . go nats !
nice ! do u speak any other languages ?
i do not but i would love to learn . you ?
i can only speak english and spanish . what do u do for work ?
i work for the government but do not tell anyone
i certainly wo not ! i do data entry its a tad boring . yours sounds exciting .
yeah but i always gotta watch my back
oh no ! sounds a bit unsafe !
yeah it keeps me on edge that is why i watch baseball
i can imagine so ! i'd love to learn to cook chinese . my mom was half chinese .
persona
i sleep a lot.
i love sweets.
i am in high school.
i cs and ds.
i love bruno mars.
persona II
i have a daughter.
i am under 6 feet tall.
i sell paper products for a living.
i hate the taste of cheese.
dialogue
hi ! i hope you are somewhere safe during the storms and wildfires !
i sure am ! my high school is doing a blood drive this week , to help out
my daughter is volunteering as well at a shelter for fire victims
very cool . i hope everyone is safe .
me too ! what year are you in high school ?
i am a junior , i don't get very good grades .
oh , that is too bad . i am sorry .
its okay . i only sleep in class anyway
well , that would explain the less than stellar grades . are you worried ?
no . my parents are very rich .
so they will provide for you after you graduate ?
of course ! they hired bruno mars for my birthday party .
persona
i drive a black car.
my favorite food is steak.
i listen to rap.
i like meat.
i'm working in finance.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
i m a wedding planner.
i love 80 s music.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
good , i just had a steak . i love eating meat ! you ?
sounds good , i'm having a late start . i'm busy wedding planning .
when is the special date ? i work with finances , do you need help ?
i plan weddings as a job , my business could use some help yes .
great ! i've a black car and i like to rap to snoop dog !
who doesn't like snoop ! that's cool . my favorite is 80s music
nice , what else do you like ?
yellow , everything yellow . i also love architecture .
do you have a yellow car ?
no , but i'd love one . what do you do for fun ?
rap , go to work , and eat meat . you ?
all things weddings , planning , attending , researching . that is it really .
neat ! how did you get interested in weddings so much ?
i just found that i had a knack for planning events .
i've one of those with money ! green fingers it is .
persona
i'm a christian.
i like football.
my father used to work for microsoft.
i work in the it industry.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
persona II
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am good how are you on this blessed day ?
i am good looking for a job
that is no fun have you ever considered working in it
i dropped out of school
you don't need a degree just ask my father
that sounds nice but what i really want is a boyfriend
what would you say your favorite band is ?
i listen to what ever is on the radio
have you ever heard of kings of leon ?
yeah i kind of like them
wow you are a rare person then !
i feel like they are pretty popular
it depends on the circle in which you run
persona
my back hurts chronically.
i just want my voice to be heard.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
i'm an old soul.
i tend to work myself up.
persona II
i sometimes wonder why i m not married.
i like eating healthy foods.
i love fall and winter.
i like sleeping in.
i have brown hair.
dialogue
eating healthy is really important so i eat a lot of grass
that is one of the many things i'm passionate about
i am so glad to hear that , people do not realize food is killing them
well , i do have an old soul .
i do too , i sleep as much as an elderly person !
i have chronic back pain so being vertical helps me
i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been in pain ?
ever since i can remember . i get worked up about things
me too . maybe that is why i cannot find anyone to marry me ?
i understand that . i want my voice to be heard
you could hear it really loud in the grand canyon . maybe go there ?
i'm very passionate about traveling . maybe i'll go there
it is so pretty in the fall and winter , my favorite time to go
lets go on a trip together there
i would like that very much . we could sleep in and then hear your voice
and you'd be able to help me with my chronic back pain
persona
i like to watch mma.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
persona II
my favorite musical is hamilton.
i like to play tennis.
my favorite food is a burger.
my favorite color is red.
i work as an accountant.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
great , i am in super physical shape . what do you like ?
i like sports and money
nice , i like mma what kind of sports do you like
tennis mostly . what is mma ?
its mix martial arts . i've to lift a lot of weights
that sounds like a lot of work
it is . i am getting ready to start police academy . you ?
i work at a desk . are you excited ?
i am excited except i cannot take my prized possession
what exactly is your prized possession
it is a bowie knife . do you have one ?
i have a few . i like to camp .
camping is fun . i drink my protein powder on camping trips
that sounds very sustainable . what else do you do ?
i like to lift weights as long as i don't have to do squats
persona
i enjoy running.
my father is in prison.
my favorite band is creed.
i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.
persona II
i like to be outdoors.
i m a student.
i m from california.
i think recycling is important.
dialogue
hi there , i'm in la . this is a hot town , but beautiful scenery .
i bet ! i'd love to run along the streets there
yes , it is good for that , and especially griffith park or just beverly hills below sunset .
i would love that . tell me about your parents
my parents are in the industry and very famous , that's all i can tell you .
interesting ! do they know creed ? that's my fave band
i think they do , but i don't , i'm a classical musician .
what kind of instrument do you play ?
piano , and i study now privately with a juilliard import .
very nice . do you make a lot of money right now ?
i make a good amount , yes . nightclubs and concerts . how about you ?
unfortunately i just started getting welfare recently . it makes me feel horrible
that is rough . i hope you can find a way out of that . best wishes .
thank you . otherwise i'm going to kill myself
you may need to contact someone immediately until you can get therapy . hotlines are there .
thank you . when i go for a jog it really helps
persona
i go to high school.
i am a boy.
i play ice hockey.
i live in the united states.
persona II
i've a puppy named tiki.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i studied early childhood education in college.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
dialogue
tex mex is so delicious ! what is your favorite food ?
good . my favorite food living in the us is steak and broccoli .
do you have a pet ? mine is a puppy the name is tiki .
i do . after ice hockey practice i always run to my pup lex .
i work in the kindergarten as a teacher
that's good i am still in high school .
glad you have a pup too , my major in college is early childhood education and you ?
mine education is provided by rap artists .
do you walk your puppy daily ?
i do not , i go to the gym daily so its tough to spread the energy .
you get tired easy ? that is what you mean ?
after heavy lifting and long cardio sessions , yeah .
how is your puppy doing now ?
she's ok , she's living life .
what do you mean by living life ?
i mean she gets to run freely and have fun all day .
persona
i drive a truck for a living.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i recently bought a camper.
my favorite sport is football.
i'm former military.
persona II
i enjoy classical music.
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i love to vacation in paris.
i'm six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
dialogue
hi , want to talk ? how tall are you ?
i'm 5 feet and 7 inches . how about you ?
six foot even . i ask to establish dominance early on , shortie
hey ! ! i may be stronger . lol
doubt it , but more importantly i like classical music very classy
i like an array of music from rock to country to classical .
i honestly do not care , i only like going to the opera
i played classical music all the time for my children .
i love vacationing in paris more than my children
i have never been out of the country .
that is too bad , do you at least have a good car ?
i've one that gets me where i need to go .
i drive a bentley , it is my favorite type of car , 6 foot minimum
what ? i drive a pick up truck .
oh yeah ? no implication there , you do you . i like turtles .
you drive a bentley and trying to earn a few bucks on here ? what ?
yeah i'm researching a role , i'm also an actor
good luck with your career .
persona
i listen to metal music.
i wear a lot of leather.
i have boots i always wear.
i sleep in late during the day.
i've black spiky hair.
persona II
my parents are both dead.
i refuse to ride the bus.
i find joy in the littlest things.
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i slept al day so i'm wide awake . how are you ?
i'm ok . finding the little things in life to enjoy .
you should listen to more music . it is good for your soul .
oh i do . since both my parents died i listen to a lot of music .
i like a lot of metal music but not the stuff that is popular today .
i listen to it when i walk cause i refuse to take the bus .
real metal heads wear leather like me but kids today they wear popular fashion
i have a leather battle vest with old school death metal patches on it .
i got my first leather jacket at a deicide concert back when they were new .
when satan rules this world is my favorite song . once upon a cross . great album .
old school metal is the real deal . today is just boy bands with tattoos and guitars
agreed . the god metal is still underground . will always be there .
and they have to have spiky black hair like me to be cool .
haha . i have a 8 inch goatee and a giant mohawk .
they can't be a man because they do not have the same spiky black hair as me
persona
i am in a motorcycle club.
i am a grown woman.
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i have more then 10 tattoos.
persona II
my inspiration is clasical music.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
i m a graphic designer.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i m doing ok i just got out from the club motorcycle
that is nice . is that a local motorcycle club ?
yes it is even though i m a woman all grown
do you have a motorcycle of your own ?
yes and i drove it like 208 mph
that is certainly very fast ! where do you usually drive ?
where there s no people around i do it in 10 minutes
which part of the world are you from ?
i am from california and i've 10 chapters more than
i see . i live in colorado but i don't own a bike
it s easy to learn and you have fun
i am hoping to learn to drive one soon
yes you can it is easy
persona
i drive a black car.
i have a black purse.
i like rock music.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i like to wear black.
persona II
i am one of four children.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i've never traveled out of the country.
i was born under a blood moon.
i work some very odd jobs.
dialogue
i think i sprained my ankle hiking with my brother
oh no ! go to the doctor .
i am , to get back on my feet soon for another hike before the season is over
that's good . do you listen to rock music ? i like it .
i suppose so . i've worked on some rock concerts before .
awesome ! guns and roses is my favorite .
what else do you like ?
i like being gothic . everything i wear is black . my purse and even my car is black .
you'd probably think its cool that i was born . . . under a blood moon then
totally . people look at me like i am weird though .
weird is good . i do some weird stuff , too
i know right . i believe that everyone does weird things .
heck , even my work is weird .
yes . my work is definitely weird . i just live a weird life . lol .
what do you do for work ?
i get paid like 5 a day to test things .
oh , i just work odd jobs here and there
yes . i definitely know what you mean .
persona
i'm a painter.
my wife hates me , she thinks i am lazy and poor.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
persona II
i go to multiple comic cons.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
my job involves building drones.
i am an anime fan.
dialogue
hey there , how goes it ?
good . tired after a long day painting houses . you ?
i hear ya . long day at the office building drones for me , haha .
i do picture painting in my spare time . trees and nature mostly .
cool . i'm a huge anime fan , so i really enjoy attending different comic cons .
right on . i go to . i won the lottery about 6 years ago . i keep it secret .
secret is out now ! my secret is i listen exclusively to techno . soooo nerdy _
i like trap and industrial .
cool that is really different ! don't know that i have heard industrial before .
it is like old school techno .
oh ok . i may have to check it out then ! any artist in particular ?
front 242 . see how you like them .
i'll have to check it out . can i find them on youtube ?
yes . pretty much everything is on youtube .
that's true haha . awesome .
what kind of drones do you build ?
persona
i like to smell my own farts.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i'm from san fransisco.
persona II
i like to ride my scooter.
i've lots of friends.
i do not like music.
my name is nick.
dialogue
hello , i am charles and like surfing a lot .
i like to play blame on others , apparently .
i just dropped it off from my wish list after getting trouble out it .
did you know i like to smell my farts ?
no . it sounds really strange .
i'm shocked that i admitted that .
no , t looks like you are just straight and free to talk anything out of you .
if we were to go out , i would be the one to buy the beers .
that's great but i do not take beers as directed by my doctor .
that's probably a good thing . i'm from san francisco
not good at all because i liked taking beers and am from florida
i really like to blame things on other people that i've done !
its fun but to only the one who is practicing it .
yeah i find it too funny .
its some other way of coming out of bad work clean and smart
i definitely like to be clean and smart . except for that farting issue .
persona
i love traveling.
i like to garden.
i am a chef.
i like photography.
persona II
i'm currently looking for employment.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i'm a mother of two.
i'm colour blind.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am traveling which i love to a gardening show
do you know anyone hiring ?
well , i cook . can you work in a kitchen ?
no but i'm fluent in 3 languages
photography could be anther avenue for you
except i am color blind meh
nooooo . i can help you then
but i am a mommy to 2 kids help me ! ! ! ! !
well if you are looking look in place you wouldn't otherwise
true . do you have kids ?
no no kids , might get some though . one day
that sounds nice you should
maybe . kids are something else
persona
i am a deaf man.
i never learned how to drive.
i love to read books.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
my favorite number is 7.
persona II
i have been in band all four years of high school.
i am interested in producing music.
i'm a senior in high school.
i've 2 brothers.
i am going to start school at the university of kentucky.
dialogue
hi how are you toda
hello i am well , how about yourself
where do you work at ?
well i am deaf so i work as a online assistant at apple
wow that sounds great really
yes its my seventh year there , that's my favorite number too
wow they must love you
i think so its a long time , in my spare time i read books
what kind do you read
all kinds , i love going to the library , but i can't drive there
why can you not drive
i never learned that's whyy
you need to practice then
yes i do , i like to scratch my nose sometimes
why just your nose then
i do not know its just somethin i like to do
persona
i like to eat food.
i dream of winning the lottery.
i listen to rock music.
i work for a large company.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i live in the usa.
i love pizza.
dialogue
hey there . whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i like pink , i think blue is too masculine color .
i was born male but a female since 17 . had surgery and all . still love blue !
oh , well , i'm glad you are happy . what is your favorite food ?
pizza ! i eat it all the time here in the states . wish i had money though .
if i won the lottery , i'd buy all the pizza in the world .
that would be amazing ! i need a better job .
my company is hiring over 2 , 000 people . we make guitars .
nice ! are they in the us ? i'm
yes , they are in idaho , the secret home of the rock gophers .
rock gophers ? how cool ! i'd dye em blue
yes , you could be their stylist . they would really like that .
another way to make money ! as a transgender person i would be a great barber
you could always give them mohawks . good day .
i hope you have a great life . good luck in the lotto
thank you . you too . good luck in general .
persona
i also like ice cream.
i like painting , i can cook well.
i like pasta.
i like cookies.
i'm a student.
persona II
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
my favorite number is 7.
i never learned how to drive.
i'm a deaf man.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
ugh i am so hungry . how are you ?
just ate some leftover chinese . not the healthiest breakfast .
i am a great cook but man my favorites are junk , ice cream , cookies . help !
i'm glad we are talking in text i'm deaf
i'm currently studying asl at university . i could accomodate .
what do you do for fun ?
my hobbies are painting and cooking . . . and eating . i could go for some pasta right now .
what is your favorite number ?
69 ; what is yours ?
mine is 7 . spicy owche wawa
are you a student or do you work
i try to work but i cannot drive
me too . i just go to school
i scratch my nose for fun
the ole pick n flick eh ?
persona
i work in a veterinary office.
i have 2 cats.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i'm vegan.
persona II
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i've 4 pets.
i can t whistle.
my favorite food is jello.
dialogue
would you like some of my jello ?
i work as an office veterinarian assistant
where at ? i have dogs that need their shots .
i'd love to but my cats are with me
i've four bull dogs and can bring them by the office .
strawberries , i like those just like my 2 cats
do you like games like magic the gathering ?
nope , i need to go to the beach
we can take the dogs and you can teach me to whistle .
oh , that's a great idea really
great , the beach it is . i will bring the jello
i am actually a vegan
is jello considered vegan ?
it depends on what you put on your jello
i can put strawberries , since you like them .
but those aren't just a strawberries though
persona
i aspire to be a millionaire.
watching sports is fun.
i go to yoga.
i used to be a meat eater but i m now a vegan.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i studied early childhood education in college.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
i have a puppy named tiki.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? i teach kindergarten at a school .
i am well . that is cool , i am a vegan . you ?
i am not a vegan . i enjoy spicy tex mex food though
oh . i used to eat meat , i loved tacos . do you do yoga ?
no . what kind of music do you like ? my favorite band is the pretenders
i do yoga . i like all music . do you like any sports ?
i like baseball . i just got a puppy . do you have pets ?
i like watching sports , but hockey is my favorite . no pets , any life goals ?
teaching was one of my life goals . i went to college for early childhood education .
that is beautiful , i feel shallow i just want to be a millionaire
i would like to be one too . what do you do for a living ?
i own a small business . what do you do for fun ?
lately i have been spending time with tiki , my puppy . what about you ?
that sounds nice . i mostly just watch sports
persona
i've an 18 year old son.
i love animals.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
when i haven'thing else to do , i read books.
i like to write poetry.
i work as a bartender.
i used to be in the marines.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i was just reading .
i'm well thanks . what do you like to read ?
pretty much anything when i'm bored . how about you ?
i like reading about animals . do you have pets ?
no , work nights , sleep days so pets are out . what pets do you have ?
lots of animals . i love them . i volunteer walking dogs , too .
very kind of you ! i just read and write and work .
are you a writer ? or is that just a hobby ?
i write poems for a hobby . helps with the transition from the marines .
thank you for your service . i've a son who just turned 18 . kids ?
not that i know of , ha ! is he in college ? do you work ?
just a mom . he is in high school . did you go to college ?
moms make the world work ! no , did marines and now a bartender .
not a bad job . i waited tables when i was younger .
persona
i work in a movie theater.
nachos make me happy.
i m constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
my boyfriend is in acting school.
i hate popcorn.
persona II
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
i never stop looking for love.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm doing well , and you ?
pretty good . just trying to get some work done . i have an open house tomorrow .
are you a teacher ? could be fun
no i'm a real estate agent and a waitress . what do you do ?
wow that is intense , i work at a cinema
that sounds like fun . my friends and i love to go to the movies .
me too , my boyfriend is going to school to become an actor
wow that's awesome ! i am still trying to find love .
oh i bet you'll . you sound hard working
it is hard with so much work and being the youngest of 8 by family is intense .
wow that is a big family .
yup ! most of the time i love it !
nice , my parents bought me a camcorder . i make short films
persona
i am ten years old.
i've a lot of friends.
i love dogs and cats.
i live in a house.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
persona II
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i studied early childhood education in college.
i have a puppy named tiki.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
hey i am doing okay how are you today ?
i am well . about to feed my dog . you ?
i just got home from school
ah cool . i am a teacher actually . really .
i just turned 10 my mother is a teacher too
oh yeah . so your a little kid ? huh . you trying to pull one over on me ?
i'm not little i'm 10 . i love animals dogs and cats are my favorite
oh i am sorry . i've a little puppy . so cute
aww what kind of puppy do you have
he's a stinky mutt . named tiki . you have pets ?
no i want one but my mom and dad said no
i am sorry maybe you are just to immature and they're too busy .
dad is always at the mill but i can take care of a pet
yeah maybe you could . you have any friends ? like to play ?
yeah i've 5 friends we play football and go to the park
persona
i've one sister.
i was born in san francisco.
i'm traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
persona II
i don t have a lot of friends.
i read a lot.
i like to go to the park.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
i work at a museum.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am just chilling with my one sister . you ?
eating some lunch thanking about going to the park
there are some great parks in san francisco where i was born
i have seen pictures they do look beautiful
they're ! hoping to see some nice ones in paris this year on my vacation
i wish i could travel like that but i cannot get off work
what do you do ? i work as a part of the pharmaceutical industry
i manage the smithsonian in d . c .
wow , that sounds excited .
yes it is fun at times but stressful others but i love it .
maybe you should vacation to paris also
i would but i cannot walk so not sure how fun it will be with my chair
i'm sorry ! my sister has a friend who cannot walk either
persona
i have a family that are all tall.
i love to be run.
i am six feet tall.
i like to dance with my friends.
i really like to go to school.
persona II
my dad works in the automotive industry.
mom in telecommunications.
i dream of playing music for a living.
i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
dialogue
hey there , hows it going ?
ok . but i have to get new shoes so i can run with my family .
that's cute , family bonding , you do that often then ?
oh yes . we are a tall family so we play basketball too when not running .
awe lucky , my dad was 6ft and my mom 5ft i ended up short like mom
i'm six feet tall . all are taller than me in my family .
lol i'd have neck problems in your family .
ll . i had an awesome day at school then awesome dancing with carla sue and betty lou .
awe that sounds fun i was practicing my music , cannot wait to get in the big time
oh i hope its dance music . i might could run to your music too .
well , my music has great rhythm so your invited !
wonderful . maybe i could dance to it with carla and betty and art .
yeah , bring as many people as possible , we will throw a concert !
oh if i don't wear myself out running first and trip over my feet or art .
persona
i like going to canada.
i play dungeons and dragons.
i wear a lot of purple.
i want to be a doctor.
persona II
i feel that i cannot live up to many peoples standards.
i'm unsure of who i'm attracted to.
i don't fully understand my own feelings.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
dialogue
hey whats up . i'm a guy but i wonder what itd be like to be a girl
i like purple i wear it too much lol
tomato , tomato am i right ? is it okay to like like all people ?
i want to practice medicine as a doctor
i am not sure if my parents would like that of me .
yes lol play any games ? i play dungeons dragons
feelings are dumb and i do not understand them . rolls a 20 less . . . .
i want to leave , need to get back to canada
too cold , i like to eat moose though
you like to gamble ? yuck lol
i've been known to throw some 7s at the table
ever hit big ? i never tried
persona
i like candy and soda.
i'm a man.
i weight 300 pounds.
i like the movie godfather.
i am not healthy.
persona II
i'm a photographer.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i've a sleeve of tattoos.
dialogue
hey ! what do you do ?
hi i'm currently unemployed , what do you do ?
i make money by taking photos of married couples .
that sounds interesting and fun . what do you do in your spare time
in my spare time , i play with my pet dogs .
what kind of dogs do you have ?
they are all mixed breeds . i've four of them .
i bet they are cute . do you like movies ?
no . do you ?
yeah i watch them all the time i think i've seen the godfather over 10 times
oh that is very nice . what else do you like to do ?
i am very over weight so i cannot do much
i see . in my spare time , i like to get tattoos on my arm . you ?
i don't have tattoos but some of my friends have them .
persona
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i like swimming.
i only have three best friends.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
persona II
i can play the piano.
my dog is called alfred.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to read books about chinese history.
dialogue
hello , would you like to hear me play the piano ?
sure , that would be nice .
dum dum dum . . . . uh i think its out of tune . besides , my dog alfred is barking now
ironically one of my best friends also has a pet named alfred .
does that friend love to read about chinese history ? if so , hi best friend !
no . like me , they are into gaming .
pc ? i used to have an awesome tower with green lighting , which is my favorite color .
no , i'm much more into console gaming . what are you into ?
i'm mostly into pc . i still play consoles for madden and rpgs though .
rpg games , the last one i played was final fantasy . how about you ?
i recently played the tell tail walking dead series , it was amazing ! !
i agree . clementine is my favorite character from that game series . you ?
of course ! i love clem . she is so tough . i'm ready to play season 3 !
i only watch the seasons be played . i don't play them personally .
persona
i like to role play.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love cars.
i don't like animals.
persona II
i listen to rap.
i drive a black car.
my favorite food is steak.
i like meat.
i am working in finance.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i'm great . how about you
great ! just had a huge steak ! whats your favorite food ?
i love pizza . its the closest to heaven
for me , anything meat is heaven ! what kind of music do you like ?
i know . music with the sound of cars
you like cars ? i have a black bmw . you ?
yea i do . as much as role playing
what roles do you like playing ?
mostly important roles . but naughty ones too
oh , really ! what do you do ?
i don't do much . just talk
you must have a nice voice then ? i work too much , in finance .
not really . i sound like a crow
its probably better than when i try to sing along with the rap i listen to
yea . i think so too
persona
i m a student at a small community college.
i m twenty years old.
i work at a hospital.
i love pasta.
i love to read fiction.
persona II
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
i work in marketing , and i love it.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing ?
hi , i read and write stuff . you ?
i actually work in marketing . i really love it !
i am a candy striper . you work ?
yeah , i just told you what i do . . .
hmmm . pasta is good for breakfast . you like pasta ?
no , not really . i eat raw veggies only and work out vigorously to look good .
i am 20 . how old are you ?
i just turned 23 last weekend .
good . i am an avid reader . you ?
i try to read a book a week and subscribe to around twenty magazines .
hospital work is fun ? you volunteer in hospitals ?
no . i volunteer at the local food pantry once a week and do missionary work on weekends .
community college is fun . some people really like .
spending time on my hair and makeup takes up a good portion of my mornings p
calzones and coffee are great . you own a condo ? i do .
persona
i like simple jokes.
my friend likes cartoons like south park.
some jokes go too far.
i like the flintstones.
persona II
my hobby is photography.
i don't own a television.
i live in the mountains.
i know how to pilot a plane.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
fine . going to watch an old flintstones video later .
i like tom and jerry . do you work ?
not right now . how about you ?
i'm trying to break out into professional photography
what kind of pictures do you take ?
mostly landscapes . i live in a very beautiful place . where do you live ?
in a large city . i am interested in comedy and jokes . do you like it ?
sure . i do not own a television but i love comedy . ever seen curb your enthusiasm ?
cannot say i've . like to watch south park with my pal .
cool that is one of my favorite shows . haha
has good jokes . very simple . kind i like .
i like the old southpark . i'm not very political . i'm an anarchist
do you have family ?
i do not i am like batman
me neither . i have one friend .
persona
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
persona II
i work as a waitress.
i live in north dakota.
i ride a bike.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
dialogue
hi , i am kate , i am located in north dakota and a waitress
hi how are you today
pretty good , i love to ride my bike to places . it s a small town .
do you want to move away
one day , right now taking care of my 5 siblings .
is it tough to do
very , when you are the eldest and act like a second parent .
that seems unfair to put on you
oh yeah well , . . . it is what my parents expect of me to do .
yeah tell those lazy bums to do it
i want my own life and live it . . . not sure how to escape .
the back door is usually the best option
i agree with you , i need to live and pursue my dreams .
yeah what is your dreams
to work in the city then move to new york , pursue as a journalist
do you enjoy that work
persona
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i love to clean my house.
i enjoy reading.
i am afraid to leave the house.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
persona II
i love cooking !.
my mother is from greece.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
dialogue
hi , what are you up to today ?
hello , not much . when i was a child i was stolen by my uncle .
that's scary . my mom is greek and i have many uncles .
that scars me . i have lived with my sisters since then .
do you do a lot of cooking at home ? i do and it relaxes me .
no i don't cook i do love to clean the house though
i hate cleaning . what do you do for fun ?
not much i'm afraid to get out of my house
that's too bad . i love swimming outside , especially when it is hot .
the only thing i do is read . i do enjoy that
i read a book about colors and art recently . what is your favorite color ?
i love the color purple .
i love green ! purple and green go very well together .
oh yes i agree lol
where did you grow up ?
i grew up in georgia , what about you ?
persona
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i've four siblings.
i m scared of left turns.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
persona II
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i am younger then 46.
i like the taste of cheese.
i hate to drive.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
dialogue
hey there ! i am 39 years old . how old are you ?
i am 22 . . . . do you work ?
i do . and because of that . . . i've to take 4 pills every day to live .
oh i am sorry . . . . i started working last week in fast food
do yall serve cheese ? it is my favorite food !
yes on our burgers . . . i needed gas for my blue honda civic
i don't own a car . i cannot stand to drive .
i have a car but i get scared making left turns so that makes it hard
i bet it does ! do you like music ? i love the backstreet boys .
i love them as well . . . i am taking some college clases
what kind of classes are you taking ?
currently women studies but i'm not sure i will pass
maybe you could get a tutor to help ?
i've four sisters maybe they could help
they should definitely be able to help you . i am sure you'll do fine .
what kind of work do you do ?
persona
sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
persona II
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i'm in my high school band.
i really enjoy making friends.
i play the trumpet.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
good . . how are you doing
i am good . just got done practicing the trumpet .
that's cool . . i love to learn some music instruments
i'm in the band in my high school . i love music .
i used to be in band as vocal when i was in school
its cool to meet other people who like music . i like making new friends .
ofcource . . what kind of music u like ?
everything . i am really into the head and the heart and group love right now . you ?
i like the rock music much
that is a good one . seen any good movies lately ?
not a big fan of movies . . i am a kind of out going person
my movie collection is over 600 between my dad and i . what do you like ?
i like trekking and mountain climbing
persona
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i play the bass guitar.
i like to go out fishing.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
i work out daily.
persona II
i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.
i ride a motorcycle , but its not a harley.
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you today ?
afternoon ! i am great thanks , yourself ?
ok i guess , i was gonna shoot some arrows but this hurricane is keeping me inside .
the weather is awful is not it ! i was hoping to go fishing this weekend
i wanted to ride my motorcycle .
ca not really do much in this weather !
luckily i got my gutters cleaned last week !
i'd not like to clean them in this weather .
i hear ya ! luckily we got everything done .
what do you do on days like this then ?
well , right now just watching reports and charging up anything electronic ,
cool . i have been having a jam on my guitar .
oh man , i miss my guitar .
what kind of guitar did you play ? i play the bass .
persona
my mother was an rn.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i love history.
i am a technician.
persona II
i went to college.
i like to go shopping.
i wanted to be a nurse.
driving in the country side is a pastime.
dialogue
in college i studied to be a nurse
how cool my mother is an rn
i make alot of money as a nurse , so i shop alot now
i'm a computer technician
awesome , does she like driving in the country to pass the time ?
does who like driving ?
that sounds interesting , what are your hobbies
you aren't reading what i type
your mother ! , i find it relaxing to drive with the windows down
everyone likes driving with the windows down
well that's not true , people in the artic probably don't
i think they would if it was not so cold
what do you do to relax ?
i really am into history i read constantly about historical figures
it never really gets cold here in florida
that's cool do you have kids ?
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i post on reduit often.
i'm an insurance salesman.
persona II
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i drive a prius.
i cannot get enough ginger snaps.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
dialogue
hello how are you today
doing great weeks half over looking forward to the weekend
yes i'm so glad . i have a prius
i like to ride a bicycle i have probably passed you before
yes you may have . i also enjoy hiking
i like hiking it beats selling insurance oh wait i sell insurance
ll i pee on roses all the time
well it is great to have a hobby i might mention it on reduit
i am a canadian women who loves volcanos
wow that was a truck load i really like blue things
blue things are cool but pink is cooler
do you like playing or watching hockey ?
neither i love to eat ginger snaps
the best ginger snaps in the world are in williamsburg virginia
maybe or maybe right in my hometown
true there's no place like home
persona
i am an avid quilter.
i'm a pharmacist.
i was a wild child in my younger years.
my grand children mean the world to me.
persona II
i'm a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
i've a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i coexist well with my husband.
dialogue
i'm a mom in her forties and have two sons in high school
i'm a mom and a grandma . my kids are all grown .
i go to this friends group which i hate
oh ? why do you keep going , then ?
i go to this friends group which i hate
what makes you keep going if you hate it ?
i feel like i run from one activity to the next .
that sounds like me years ago . . . are all thos activities important ?
because it gets me out of the house . but gets my husband off my back .
how long have you been married ? do you love him ?
those cross country and other sports activities
sports are good , but do not overdo it .
as well as basketball practice . . . when will it stop ? !
it is up to you to stop it . see what you truly enjoy .
i know i sound over dramatic but it s my kids . . . i cannot take it .
how many kids do you have ?
persona
i'm a recruiter.
my favorite meal is brunch.
i don't own any pets.
my car is black.
persona II
i think beets are the best vegetable.
i am a paper salesman.
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
my favorite animal is a bear.
i live on a beet farm.
dialogue
hello , i am jonson . how are you this evening ?
i am doing good tonight . how are you ?
doing well . i hate i came home late from work . i missed my favorite tv show .
sorry to hear that . i know the feeling .
i'm a huge battlestar galactia fan .
i like the new and the original ones . i've big seat covers in my black car .
funny , i sell seat covers door to door .
lol . i'm a recruiter who is thinking of , but not sure about getting a cat .
if i could have a pet i'd want a bear . a black bear to be precise .
oh wow . that is a pet ?
my uncle had one a while back . raised him up from a cub .
where can a person live and raise a bear ?
parts of oregon are suitable . i live on a farm here and bears are plentiful .
i would image they're in oregon .
do you like beets ? maybe i cold mail you some
i do , i've a beet salad at brunch which is my favorite meal .
persona
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
i've been published in the new yorker magazine.
i'm a gourmet cook.
persona II
i love children.
i'm twenty two years old.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
i just graduated college with my bachelor s degree in education.
dialogue
hello . . . i am new to the area .
have you read my article in the new yorker ?
no . i have been busy finishing my bachelors degree .
it was a chronicle of my childhood adventures as a national spelling champ
very interesting . i majored in education . i just got a new job .
what is your job ? i cook gourmet dinners but not as a profession
it is in education . i just moved to an apartment near my job .
i live in an apartment also , not a house , as i am severely afraid of open spaces
i'd like a house one day , as i'd love to have lots of children .
if i've children , i hope they will be national spelling bee champs like me
that would be good . i'm still young 22 .
i also hope they can cook gourmet meals but not have my fear of open spaces
that would be the best of both worlds .
if only we could pass on all our best traits to our children
if only they could all spell well .
yes but i sure don't wish my phobias on them or anyone else
persona
i've trouble getting along with family.
in allergic to peanuts.
i am usually very shy.
i like eating vegetables.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i've one son.
i was a wrestler in high school.
i am 25 years old.
i am in the military.
dialogue
hello and how are you doing this evening ?
i am doing very well kind sir
been busy today . my son and i went to the park and had fun
do you enjoy spending time with family ?
yes , i do . being 25 i'm busy in general . the military keeps my real busy
well that is good my family just some dirty old cunts
since i used to be a wrestler when i was in hs maybe i should come over
good you can put some whores on the floor i like it
not so sure i could do that
i do it everyday aka getting laid no jk i am way too shy
do you have a favorite color ? mine is blue
my favorite color is green the color of life and money
persona
i just took a trip to london.
i hate green beans.
i m very religious.
i love to watch game shows.
i m easily agitated.
persona II
i cook well.
i like to bike.
i can speak three languages.
i love being in nature.
dialogue
pizza , pizza , and more pizza solves everything
i just got back from london and i got to meet the pope . yes pizza is awesome .
i've a coloring book for all the animals
i don't like green beans but they put them on my pizza ! why would they do that ?
i see a clown behind you , please watch out
oh you can color 2 of each animal for my arc . i am a religious person .
i remember when i met you on the'sland you was building that little hut
i am building my arc and preparing for the floods . i also like game shows a lot .
noone cares what you like , its all about what you can do for them you know ?
this is true but i get agitated so easily .
why do you get agitated
friends say its because i am so religious and different .
10 commands is holy grail , if you do not agree , religious war it will be !
i get agitated at some of the silliest things sometimes .
sorry to hear that , perhaps you should drink more water
it was 15 commandments but they locked the other 5 away in london .
persona
i am only 5 foot tall.
i've a thick full beard.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
my parents are in there 80s.
persona II
i'm an avid runner.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
i live in canada , near ontario.
my favorite sport is basketball.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
dialogue
hi , how goes it ?
hello its going good . . . u ?
good , watching a vancouver grizzlies game . love basketball . you ?
i am more od a music lover and reader myself
oh cool , i do not read much , i run a lot . for fun and marathons .
you must be very fit
i try . lol . i run outside , but its getting cold here in ontario .
what do you do for a living ?
i work in an office . boring stuff . you ?
i am a clown
sounds fun . you do lots of birthdays ?
yes that's all i do . it works for me
it would be a cool job .
what kind of office work do you do ?
quality assurance for a call center
where are you from ?
persona
i take great care of my skin.
i like to dress up for other people.
i never cook.
i think i ll be famous one day.
persona II
my daughters say i'm a great mother.
i'm a woman.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
i have a family of three daughters.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
good , just doing my daily skin care routine .
that is important to take care of your skin what product do you like
i like using all kinds . whatever famous people use usually .
that is true i love finding a good new product
i want to already be used to famous people products , for when i am famous
are you an actress or a singer
neither . i just want to dress up , be famous , look good . like paris hilton .
that is funny how are you going to achieve that
hm , i don't really know . can you help me ?
sure i can try do you know anyone famous
i met grumpy cat once .
that's pretty cute i met doug the pug
oh my , i want to meet him . i'd cry .
it was a pretty awesome experience
maybe i should be a youtuber
persona
my favorite color is blue.
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
i collect stamps.
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
persona II
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i like to garden.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i am a teacher.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight
i am great . how are you ?
i'm ok just laying in bed watching tv
me too ! i was out swimming today and i'm just winding down .
i love to swim and play sports
i go swimming everyday ! do you have any plans for this weekend ?
no just chill and play with my children
nice ! i'm going to go to a concert this weekend .
which concert are you going to
blue man group . they're one of my favorite !
that is cool i don't know who that is
and not just because blue is my favorite color . ll !
lol i did not even think about that lol
i am very into music . my mother even taught me how to play the cello !
that is cool i love music but i never played any
i love playing the cello ! it relaxes me !
persona
i am allergic to nuts.
1984 is my favorite book.
i'm working on a biology degree.
i love book.
i'm in college.
persona II
i dream of winning the lottery.
i like to eat food.
i drive a fast car.
i listen to rock music.
dialogue
i love to eat pasta ! if i won the lottery i would eat it all the time .
how about nuts ? i'm allergic to it .
i love nuts ! i drive fast when i know there is a deal at the store !
i am currently at college . what do you do ?
neat , i love hearing rock music !
i love reading books . my favorite is 1984 .
that is old ! what is it about ?
it is about big brother . also i am getting degree in biology .
so you are smart ? my car drives 150 mph .
i like to think so .
i hope i win the lottery this week .
i wish you good luck .
thanks , i'm sleepy . are you ?
no . i just woke up .
oh lucky ! what else do you like ?
i love video games too .
persona
i work with my wife.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i'm a zookeeper.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
persona II
i ca sim very fast.
i love to run.
i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.
my favorite past time is cooking.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hey , do you have any hobbies ?
hi , i'm training my animals right now , so may type slow !
cool , what kind of animals do you train ?
tigers , lions , giraffes , zoo animals . my wife helps me , are you married ?
nope . my hobbies are singing , running and cooking
sounds fun ! i helped my wife with health issues , too .
that is very noble of you
thanks , i hope your singing makes you famous !
ll its not that good .
well , as long as it is fulfilling to you , very nice talking to you !
it was nice talking to you too .
i bet you'll cook a very good meal to enjoy today !
persona
i don t like the beach.
zebras are my favorite animals.
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
i m allergic to milk.
persona II
i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i love to sing.
i ca swim very fast.
i love to run.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
could be better . i wish i were a famous actress .
do you sing when you act ? singing is my favorite thing to do !
not really . i want to act with animals . zebras are my favorite .
that sounds like a really specific job , acting with animals
it is . my last audition was on a beach , but i don't like beaches !
beaches are perfect places to run
i agree . i just don't like sand .
i agree , it can be a pain , gets stuck in everything
i hate it . like i do milk . gives me allergies .
milk makes strong bones though , how do you supplement your diet ?
i'm vegetarian . you can get all your nutrition from plants , you know ?
no you cannot . you need protein to survive , and most plants don't have all your nutrients
have you heard of soya beans ?
legumes have protein , but not enough . humans need a well rounded diet .
are you some expert nutritionist ?
persona
i am from mexico.
i like to bake.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
i've 2 cats.
i like to go on walks.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good thanks for asking
what do you do for work ?
i teach high school in mexico
wow i bet that's el fun
i don't think that's a word lol
it means the fun in spanish duh
what do you do for a living ?
i do accounting its like counting for lazy people
what city are you from ?
i do not really stay in one place
where are you at now ?
persona
i am thirty two years old.
i'm on a diet.
i can t drive.
i'm a house wife.
i've been married eight years.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
pizza is my favorite food.
my favorite subject in school was science.
i am single and not looking.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hi . can you drive me to weight watchers ?
how far away is it ?
i am not sure . i do not usually leave the house .
what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
mine was pizza . now it is carrots .
oh , that's good . are you in a relationship ?
i married my sweetheart eight years ago today .
happy anniversary . i'm single and not interested in a relationship .
ah . i stayed single until i was twenty four .
do you have any hobbies ?
no . i just clean my house all day . you ?
i like to read suspense novels .
cool . can you recommend a good author ?
i do not have a favorite .
ah . i used to love reading while eating pizza .
persona
during the week i go to college to become a lawyer.
i live in a tiny house to save money.
i listen to blues and jazz.
i tend bar on the weekends.
persona II
i have five cats.
i am next in line to become queen of england.
my favorite color is blue.
madonna is my sister.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm great , thanks . just listening to music and relaxing . yourself ?
i'm just playing with my five cats . what kind of music ?
i have miles davis on at the moment . i enjoy jazz and blues .
that is cool . i have a musical family , although i'm not very talented .
that is cool . and , not everyone is . what do you do for a living ?
not too much . i am actually part of a royal family . what do you do ?
oh my . i go to college during the week and tend bar friday night through sunday night .
that sounds really interesting . what do you study ?
law . one day i'll be a lawyer .
that is a great profession . my future has been determined for me .
what shall that be ? i'll save my money and live in a tiny house .
i will be the queen of england . my house will not be very tiny .
that's amazing ! you'll be able to enjoy the crown jewels .
maybe . for now i'll just enjoy my cats .
lol . i hope that you have a great night
persona
i've always wanted a pot bellied pig.
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i won a beauty pageant one time but did not feel like it was worth the effort.
i love owning nice office supplies.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
persona II
i've a ten year old son.
i am doing financial business now.
i play piano.
i graduated high school in 1986.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
dialogue
hi ! i think you went to high school with me .
really ? small world . my mom teaches , but only kindergarten .
i'm hoping to be a teacher after i retire . i love music !
my dad didn't take the same passion . he's a tax assessor .
whoa ! i'm in finance now . i got out of high school in 86 .
what hobbies do you have ? i like to read anne of green gables .
i read music haha . playing piano is my passion . i read mostly internet news
my passion is office supplies . i'm a sucker for some new pens and paper !
ha ! i collect fountain pens and moleskins . we are connecting ha
yes ! heres the real test . . do you own a pot bellied pig ? i want one !
good lord no ! i own a ten year older . that's it ! you are funny
girl or boy ? if its a girl , avoid pageants . the one i did was lame .
boy but i wanted a girl . oops . i can try again one day .
yes ! boys are easier in my opinion .
persona
my favorite sport is hockey.
my mom is a painter.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my best friend just moved away.
i went to japan this summer.
persona II
i love to eat fish.
i live in the great white north.
i have a pet husky.
i like to race rc cars.
i like to play nintendo.
dialogue
hi
kon nichiwa ! ll ! i just got back from japan . how are you ?
are you japanese ? how was it ?
no . my mom sold some of her paintings to a gallery there .
what do you do ?
dude i start senior year next week . almost done ! you ?
i work at walmart
cool ! do you like hockey ? its my life !
no i play video games all day
my best friend , ross , moved away . we play games on xbox .
oh yeah what games ?
call of duty , zelda , walking dead , life is strange . you like those ?
persona
i've a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
my eyes are brown.
i love going to concerts.
i m a vegan.
persona II
my favorite band is bon over.
i am a vegan.
i work in public relations.
i m from seattle.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
dialogue
how are you doing today
good name is jane , have brown eyes
cool . you you like meat ?
no i don't eat meet . vegan here ! ! plant based diet only
me too . most people do though
i enjoy concerts ! do you ?
i like bon over . what bands do you like ?
well i am going to a pink floyd cover band this week .
that sounds fun . do you go to a lot of concerts ?
not lately , from time to time when i have extra cash i do .
yeah , they're very expensive
they're , even the good seats . do you have a tattoo ? i have one .
what kind of tattoo do you have
it is a tattoo of an angel on my left hip .
what does it stand for
it was something that just reminded me of my grams . she had angels in her house
persona
i get sad a lot.
i am bisexual.
i think i might need help.
i just lost my job and i am looking for something new.
persona II
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
i have traveled overseas many times.
i've been on the tv news six times.
i like to make short films.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am sad thanks how are you ?
oh no ! that isn't good . hopefully things get better . i am good
yeah i got fired from work now i am looking for something new
i know the feeling i got fired in june . i'm looking for a job as well
that is cool what are you looking for exactly ?
customer service job . but i applied for a couple of companies so i'm waiting
hey good luck to you brother sister . tell me about yourself
thanks . and i am a lady . been working from home for 7 years
i like your style . hustle hard ! freelance ?
yes i do freelance every now and then such as data entry , etc
how many wpm ? i'm kind of slow at typing to be honest
persona
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i like sports.
i work for a government agency.
i prefer baseball over football.
persona II
driving in the country side is a pastime.
i went to college.
i wanted to be a nurse.
i live in a small town.
i like to go shopping.
dialogue
howdy how are you doing i am fine myself nice night .
good to hear . i am ok . just got off work from the irs .
i'm glad i do not owe anything to i rs
i just fill paper clips and pencils . my real passion is baseball .
that's cool i like sports bet you play good .
i played for a few years . i prefer it over football any day .
that is cool i'm born and raised in a small town .
i was raised in chicago . i enjoy the pizza from there . it is my favorite .
that is my favorite to i love going out to shop .
where do you shop ? i like to shop fpr washington nationals merchandise .
i shop in new jersey malls nice clothes .
i have only ever been there once . i used to live in upstate new york .
i want to someday become a nurse great cash .
that would be cool . helping people is admirable .
up state new york is very huge and nice .
albany kind of sucked . haha . i live in the midwest now .
persona
i've played since i was 4 years old.
i am a violinist.
i'm gong to adopt a dog very soon.
i recently discovered a new love for indian food.
my mother was a nurse.
persona II
i just got a new sweater.
i also eat too much french fries.
i cannot do math.
i smell like french fries.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am fine , when i was only age 4 , i play the violin
that's interesting ! i eat too many french fries , so i smell ike them .
violinist is my profession , i'll get a dog soon by adoption
i'm an engineer , but i'm bad at math .
i love french fries too , recently i'm falling in love with indian food
i just bought a new sweater , so i've to be careful with my fries .
that's odd for an engineer , my mothers profession was nursing
i am not a good engineer . i am warm with fries , though .
don't get grease on it , it happens . . .
what is your dogs name ?
lizzy is the name , you have a dog ?
no , only french fries at home
do you like dogs ? how about cats ?
i love dogs and cats , i've 3 cats , a snake , 3 aquariums , and a husband ,
your husband is a pet ? that is so funny . lol
persona
i hope to one day be a published author.
i work in a used book store.
i love art museums.
i write short stories in my free time.
persona II
i lease my car.
i am a recruiter.
my favorite meal is brunch.
i do not own any pets.
my car is black.
dialogue
hey names jace and my car is a lease
mine is too ! i work in a book store . i cannot afford a new car .
yeah i know it isn't easy , i want to own it if possible
good luck ! i want to be an author someday
go of it . the car i drive is black .
do you like going to museums ?
yes i do . depending on them
going to the art ones is my favorite ;
i enjoy having brunch with friends and i have no pets
i love to eat lunch . i wrote stories when i eat lunch .
that sounds like a fabulous thing to do .
it is so relaxing and fun .
i can sense that it seems like it do you blog about it ?
no , i like to keep it to myself
persona
i wish my mom was healthier.
i wish i could go to a better school.
i worry about my image.
i live in a bad neighborhood.
persona II
my name is nick.
i like to ride my scooter.
i do not like music.
i've red hair.
i've lots of friends.
dialogue
hi i am nick ride scooter is my game
i wish i lived in a safe enough neighborhood to ride a scooter .
ha ha , music isn't my thing , you have rough music in your area ?
i mean sure there are a lot of gangsters .
my hair is red if i go there it will be gang color !
i wish i had a better chance to get an education here . the schools are horrible .
do you have friends there , i have lots here . you going back to school ?
i want to but my mom is unhealthy so i stay with her
you are a good person ! she will be very happy with you .
i don't know . my image around here is not helped by it .
did you listen to some crappy music ? maybe that is why ? sorry
you seem quite focused on music .
persona
my favorite flower is a lily.
i work at a doctor s office.
i love dogs.
i am single.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
i want to own a house on a beach.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
i love eating at mcdonalds.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hi how are you ? my name is lily
my name is penny . i am at work
i just got off work . surrounded by sick kids all day !
my parents are teachers they come home tired
i bet ! i have some cute pups to come home to , i adore them ! what about you ?
yes i love animals they are the best
aren't they ? ! what do you enjoy doing ?
i want to save up money for a house
that is awesome i hope it all works out !
i have bad credit it will be hard
do you have a family ? maybe that could help !
yea maybe . do you like nascar ?
i don't really , i'm more of a reader than a tv watcher . you ?
i like watching it on sunday
that's fun ! what would your dream job be if you are not already doing it ?
persona
people say i can cook well.
i like to listen to country music.
i can play piano.
i surf everyday.
i work at a bar.
persona II
i am fifteen years old.
i have braces.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i live in america in the state of florida.
dialogue
hi ! i am only 15 , but do you wanna get to know each other ?
hi , ok , how are you doing today ?
great , always sunny in florida , where i live . you ?
nice , it is winter weather here . what kind of food do you like ?
i've to eat soft food because of my braces , like mashed potatoes
that does not sound very good . at least your teeth will be straight .
yeah , i'm bullied a lot . the only friends i have are my dogs
dogs are the best friends to have . i listen to country music , maybe that would help
good advice , and yeah dogs are great , my family has three .
what kinds ? i take my dogs to the ocean so i can surf
two german shepards belong to daddy . the pit bull named maddie is mine
how great , what do you want to do for work when you are older ?
i love computer programming , so business in that . you ?
i serve drinks to people , it isn't bad and i get to play piano sometimes
how long have you been a pianist ?
i would say about ten years , do you play any instruments ?
persona
i help them win a lot of money.
i'm a small business owner.
my clients are gamblers.
i give out sports information.
persona II
i like to go on walks.
i've 2 cats.
i like to bake.
i'm from mexico.
dialogue
hi there , have you ever been to mexico ? i'm from there
hey there how are you today ?
i'm great , especially since i'll be baking a huge batch of cookies
no i've not always busy
do you have any pets ? i walk both my cats every day and love it
watch an sports ? i've made people some moneeeeyyyyy
really ? i like boxing , very popular where i am from in mexico
no pets just a small business owner
what kind of business do you own ?
yes its popular here also , whose your favorite ?
canelo alvarez is my favourite . what about you ?
all these crazies are gamblers
i'm not a gambler but sometimes i sell my baked goods . i love it
i'm so exhausted goodness gracious the weather got me
persona
i'm a weightlifter.
i run marathons.
i love the all american rejects.
i despise sweet potatoes.
i've three great danes.
persona II
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i feel that i cannot live up to many peoples standards.
i'm unsure of who i'm attracted to.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good how are you ? get a good workout in today ?
i did not it was so yucky out
i weightlift and run in all weathers , 3 great danes lots of walks
do you ever feel you do not reach peoples standards ?
sometimes that's why i listen to all american rejects
yeah they are pretty good i've seen them live
do you like sweet potatoes ? i hate them
i think they're alright . what food do you like ?
seafood for the most part , new englander love a clambake
very true where do you work
a hospital , as a scientist you ?
do you wonder what it would be like to be a different gender ?
only when a man , mansplains something am an expert in at work
persona
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
i have several siblings i don t know.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
i was adopted.
i work at a local party store.
persona II
i am traveling to paris this year for my vacation.
i was born in san francisco.
i work in the pharmaceutical industry.
i've one sister.
i love dogs , especially labradors.
dialogue
hi there . how is it going ?
hey i am doing great how are you
i'm doing great . hanging out with my dog .
i love dogs what kind do you have
i have a white lab . do you have one ?
no i don't i wish i did but my apartment won't let me
oh that is a bummer ! do you have any siblings ?
i've a few but i've never met them
oh . i'm sorry to hear that . i've a sister .
i just met my mom a few years ago .
i'm from san francisco , born and raised . you ?
i live in pittsburgh am a huge steelers fan
i'm planning to go to paris in a few month .
paris is a popular and great vacation spot . where do you work
i work for a pharmaceutical company . you ?
my job is boring i manage a store a few blocks from my apartment
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i go to church on sunday.
i have a 3 year old.
i'm a 1st grade teacher.
my father is a preacher.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
i am a digital artist.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my favorite author is stephen king.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
hi i am ok how are you
i'm good . just put my twin boys to bed .
i have a son too how old is your boys
they are only 9 months .
cherish those moments mine just turned 3 already . feels like i just blinked
what do you do for a living ? digital artist here .
i'm a teacher i teach 1st grade
oh that is cool . i thought about becoming a teacher .
i think elementary school is the less stressful way to go with teaching .
where were you born ? i was born and raised in france .
i live in orlando in the united states . is france as pretty as the pictures
it is ! i live in canada now .
it gets really cold up there
yeah , but you get used to it .
that's true . i'm just use to florida weather
persona
i wear a lot of leather.
i have boots i always wear.
i sleep in late during the day.
i listen to metal music.
i've black spiky hair.
persona II
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
i enjoy playing video games.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i'm the youngest sibling in my family.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
dialogue
hey . i'm josh . whats your name ?
ugh . i'm echo . what time is it ? i was at the club til four .
its close to midnight here on the east coast , where are you ?
cali . its too hot for the leather , so i have to wear it at night
got cha ! you a night person , like me or a morning person ?
i work at a metal club , so i sleep all day .
hobbies ? i love learning everything about anything .
hair and makeup ! my specialty is mohawks and goth
cool . i have two older brothers and an older sister . she likes makeup too .
i only have one brother . . . and a dog . he wears leather boots .
your brother or the dog ?
the dog of course . he is the only one who matters .
persona
i lamp on the weekends in the forest.
there i am a general of an oris army.
in reality i'm 32 and live at home with my mother.
i miss my dad.
persona II
i have won an olympic medal.
i skydive frequently.
i like fast food too much.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
dialogue
hey there , do you like any bands . my favorite is queens of the stone age .
hi ! i like them too . don't listen to music much though
once i was in the olympics and came home with a medal .
wow ! ! nothing that exciting happens to me . what else do you like to do ?
my favorite hobby is skydiving . i jump once a week .
fun . my favorite hobby is carping
what is that if you do not mind me asking ?
lamp live action road play . . . i do it on the weekends in the forest
nice , that seems like an adventure . i tend to eat a lot of junk food from mcdonald .
it is fun . you get to use your imagination and take a break from reality
i may need to look into something like that . the real world is crazy .
right ! you eat that much mcdonalds and you were olympian ? how ?
i have a very high metabolism . it weighs you down though .
i'd think so . if you are interested in lamp i can tell you more about it
that would be great . it really sounds like fun .
so i'm a general in what is called the oris army . ever heard of that ?
persona
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i've 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
i love to read.
i have a masters degree in creative writing.
persona II
my only friend is a dog.
i am a carnivore.
my father used to be a butcher.
i work at a newspaper.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
doing well just got done readin a great book reading is my passion
nice . which one ? i'm watching a movie with my best and only friend . . . my dog ziggy .
its cape fear . love dogs have a cat named radar
i've seen the movies . do you read newspapers ? i work at one .
do not read newspapers anymore get all my info online or tv
gotcha . what are your favorite foods ?
like mexican and chinese food . i'm looking forward to going to he beach tomorrow .
yum . i only eat meat but mexican and chinese have some tasty meat dishes . the beach ?
yes my favorite place to go . i usually go with my 3 sisters and 2 brothers
i've been to a real beach once when i was like five years old .
did you like it ? there's nothing like the waves
hard to remember . apparently , i ended up almost drowning and swallowed a bunch of water .
oh no not a good memory . i enjoy creative writing i have a masters degree
i've a bachelors degree in journalism and psychology .
that's great ! where are you working ?
persona
i love to surf.
i love watching sunsets.
i hate red meat.
my hair is brown and curly.
i live near the ocean.
persona II
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
now i'm a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
i'm an actor.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
dialogue
hi , you want to get to know each other ?
i just got back from surfing , what have you been up to ?
just completed another movie . i been acting since age ten .
i'm close to the beach so i surf a lot .
i'm close to the kitchen so i eat a lot .
nice , do you make a lot of money acting ?
no but you'd be a good voiceover artist . ever tried it ?
no , i work as a life guard
sorry abut that . i did commercials when i was younger .
i'm watching the sun go down , it is so beautiful .
oh okay . how many fingers am i holding up ?
that is a hard one two , for the peace sign
i appear on a weekly internet show ? you ?
like on you tube or something ?
exactly like youtube or something .
nice , do you make a lot of money ?
persona
i'm college student.
i play drums in a band.
i drive a ford mustang.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
persona II
i used to wear glasses as a child.
the only autographs i ve ever wanted are from authors.
i m applying for publishing jobs.
my favorite color is green.
my mother is a librarian.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
fine . just up studying for exams since i attend college . and you ?
i'm doing well . i finished some job applications today .
what kind of job are you looking for ?
i am trying to get into the publishing industry .
did you write a book or novel ?
no . my mom was a librarian . i must have inherited her passion !
i am studying english . do you play an instrument ?
good choice ! and no , i do not play an instrument .
i'm a drummer . belong to a small band . what are your hobbies ?
i love to read . i like to collect autographed books .
do you have any famous autographs ?
not as many as i'd like ! i'd love one from stephen king .
that would be cool . my girlfriend loves him .
what is your favorite color ? mine is green .
i like red . the color of my ford mustang .
persona
i sell paper products for a living.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i'm under 6 feet tall.
i've a daughter.
persona II
my favorite band is bon over.
i am a vegan.
i work in public relations.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i am fine , and you ?
good . just chopping some veggies for dinner . vegan here .
i'm not vegan but i hate cheese . how do vegan cheeses taste ?
i didn't know there was vegan cheese . i just avoid it .
what do you usually eat ?
salads , egg plant , legumes , nuts , etc .
egg plant is delicious ! i like it breaded and garnished with chopped garlic and dill .
wow ! that sounds good ! i'll have to try that .
you should . my family loves it . do you live close to family ?
i use to . i moved for my job . i do public relations .
i sell paper . where do you live ? i am in chicago .
i am in florida . my parents were buddhists . the raised me the same .
i wasn't raised religious , but buddhism sounds interesting .
persona
i wear glasses.
i have good health.
i have eight grandchildren.
i'm retired.
i stay active.
persona II
one of my favorite shows is face off on syfy.
i'm a stay at home mom.
i enjoy a good run.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i like things in organized.
dialogue
hello , how are you i'm about to go on a run
hello , i also try to stay very active !
awesome . i like a good run
well i cant really do a lot of running because i'm old and retired .
i am a mom that stays at home so i watch tv too
that's nice , i miss my daughter i've a total of 8 grand kids
that's a lot . i like to be organized and that must be hard with eight
well i'm in good health , but i've to use my glasses to see them !
what is a favorite ? i like face off on syfy
i don't have any favorites apparently i'm pretty bland .
well , i like cooking , what do you like ?
according to thisn't much , i assume i like oatmeal though !
nice . i hear oatmeal is good for baking , which i do not like
you do not like to bake ! that is crazy , what else ?
persona
i try to limit how much i eat.
i whine a lot.
i do not have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i've a golden retriever puppy.
i hate paying my bills.
persona II
i love the smell of leather.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i've 4 cats and 2 dogs.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
pretty godo thanks and you ?
i'm great , just polishing my 30 leather pairs of shoes
i do not even own 30 normal shoes woah
i need my car to be as fast as my motorcycle
well you cannot drive both at the same time anyway
true , i could not fit my cats and dogs in my motorcycle either
you could get one of those dog attachments
good point , i would need 2 of them however !
do you have a job ?
yes , i clean leather for a living . you ?
nope i got no job and it ai not my fault
persona
my children are a disappointment.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
i married miss usa.
i am bored of my maids.
persona II
my husband will retire next year.
i like to take walks.
we plan to travel after he retires.
i'm a retired school teacher.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i am just kinda board now that i have retired .
who cares i ami am bored by my maids and they don t make good cheesecake .
i use to be a school teacher i made cheesecake all the time .
so you were the second lowest paid professional , what a i care , i coulda bought your school .
my husband , who retires next year , works as a ceo for google .
i could buy google . my kids went to private schools , they're all bums
so much money makes you miss things in life , like taking walks . i love walks .
i walked out on my first wife , i bought ms . usa and married her .
do all travel ? when he retires we want to travel .
get an rv . i would like some cheesecake nyc deli yeah
we have one . how well does bought love really work out
i think i will buy a deli . get out of here hazel ! ya boring me .
i hope that you do and it brings you happiness , cause your a miserable person .
what am i gonna buy next ? a soul ? someone elses
persona
i love basketball.
i am not married.
i like to hunt.
have both daughters and sons.
i like to sing.
persona II
i drive a black car.
i listen to rap.
i like meat.
my favorite food is steak.
i'm working in finance.
dialogue
hi friend . where are you living ?
fine . i live in north carolina with my father
that sounds nice . where do you work ?
i work in a super market during week days and book store on weekends
what is your favorite book ? i'm a banker .
my favorite book is lie down with lions
ken follett , not a bad book . i could eat a steak and read that one again .
also books by christine are nice
hmm . ok , i like music , hip hop and such . are you from the uk ?
yes i came here because my father is employed here
nice . do you drive a car ? i do , i love it .
yes i do but it is my fathers car
my black cadillac is my love . how old are you
am fifteen years old and still in college
that is young for college . what do you study
i started going to school very early and am good at math
persona
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
i like reading a lot.
i practice vegetarianism.
i like watching the walking dead.
persona II
i graduated high school in 1986.
i play piano.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i've a ten year old son.
dialogue
how are you dong tonight ?
i am well tonight , and you ?
well , i just gone with piano
i am reading game of throne series right now . favorite harry potter .
sorry for the miss type , i meant got done with the piano !
i figured out what you meant . i love reading . is piano your hobby ?
it is , and i am trying to teach my son !
that is great , it is always good when you teach them young .
yeah , and i want to become a music teacher !
cool , my favorite tv show is walking dead . do you have a favorite ?
i think my favorite is roseanne !
i used to watch her all the time , not so much any more .
do you like the show ?
yes ! do you have favorite food ? i am vegetarian , don't have favorite .
i think my favorite is hamburger !
i guess i like veggie burgers .
persona
i'm a professional horse racing handicapper.
i'm trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
persona II
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i have been married for 20 years.
i'm a military veteran.
my favorite sport is football.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am well , how are you doing ?
i am good getting ready to volunteer
i own a stable to race horses want to help ? i made 90 . 000 already this year
wow you made that much money off of your horses
no well yes on trifecta bets .
that's a cool horse name
no that's a betting factor that's used . i teach people how to race horses .
oh i see haha do you like sports
yep horse racing i'm a pro horse racing for handicaps
cool i like to watch football
who you betting for this year ?
i like the packers but their players keep getting injured
i know i said the same smh i hope the best for them
persona
my wife makes the best pasta.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
i listen to pink when i'm painting.
i draw all the time and i'm good at it.
persona II
i've a cat named seven of nine.
i work at a coffee house.
i'm a student at michigan state university.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
dialogue
how are you doing today
doing great how about you ?
i'm great just trying to get these orders out
oh what kind of orders are you trying to get out ?
coffee orders . people are very angry right now
people are so impatient and expect the world .
yes especially in this industry
i bet . the only thing i don't like about my job is the commute
how far do you have to go
i drive for about an hour each morning
that is a long way
yeah but i enjoy the job
what is your favorite thing about it
well i'm a graphic designer , and i love art
persona
i work too much.
i think i need a vacation.
i'm a perfectionist.
if things aren't done right i'll redo them again and again.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
persona II
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
i am currently looking for a job in baltimore.
god has always been put first in my life.
i take pride in getting straight as.
i am addicted to the hit show empire.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
have not had a day off
oh my , are you in school or do you work ?
work , but everything has to be right
oh i see . i am still searching for a job in the baltimore area
i want to go to the beach but now the hurricane ruined it .
that's a shame , i love the beach too but i'm scared of hurricanes
yea , i probably could not get off of work even if i wanted to though .
bummer . do you ever find a chance to relax after work ?
rarely , either me at going to work or going to school ha not much free time .
wow that is quite a busy life you have
what about you ? what do you do ?
i'm a full time student trying to keep my straight as
i know the feeling ! college and three jobs for me , i stay busy !
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i love cats.
i am a freshman in college.
i'm athletic.
persona II
i collect comic books.
i only eat organic food.
i own two snakes.
i've an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i'm allergic to dust.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? its a nice night isn't it .
hi . i'm good , and yes it is . glad its the weekend .
know right ! its a big weekend for comic book fans . i collect them .
sounds fun ! are you in college ? this is my first year .
yes , i'm in college also ! i living in a rent apartment with two pet snakes .
wow snakes ! i live on campus and wish i could bring my cat i adore .
cats are cute . i wish i could have one but i am allergic to both dander and dust .
i been legit living off pizza since i arrived , good thing i love pizza
oh yes , pizza is yummy ! i enjoy it but its hard to find organic only pizza .
any hobbies ? i am very athletic so enjoy all sports
oh yes ! my hobby is collecting autographs . i have well over 2000 signatures .
oh my goodness that's a lot of signatures !
yes it is , it took a lot of work . so what else do you like ?
i enjoy lots of music . any you prefer ?
persona
i am a recruiter.
my car is black.
i don't own any pets.
i lease my car.
persona II
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i am trying to write an ebook on animals.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i'm recently divorced.
i work as a mall cop.
dialogue
hello , my name is paul . how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great today . just got off of work . you ?
still at work , just taking a break from making the rounds .
what do you do for work ? i do recruiting for a big company
i'm a mall cop , i drive a segway around . what are your hobbies ?
i like to drive my car around . unfortunately i just leased it out
what kind of car was it ?
it is a black honda civic
i am looking to purchase a corvette when i retire
you should . they are excellent cars
i bet it would beat your honda civic in a race !
haha i'd like to see you try !
i am sad now that i realized i am divorced
i am so sorry . marriage sucks though
persona
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to paddle board.
i like to visit places around the world.
i have been to every state except alaska.
persona II
i've two pitt bulls.
i helped develop facebook.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i work as a computer programmer.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am good . getting ready to use my new paddle board . you ?
i'm great , i'm a developer and very wealthy
then like me , you must love to travel the world .
i'd but my pit bulls require a lot of attention
i travel the us too i've been in every state but alaska .
really why not alaska ? i helped start facebook by the way
i just have not gotten there yet . i love cabins on the lake .
cool where do you work ?
i work for web . com . how about yourself ?
still at facebook making computers work
that is very cool were you in the facebook movie ?
yes i was the popular actress
i must admit i am quite jealous of that !
you should be but i have never been to new york
i live about an hour and a half from new york city .
persona
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i love to skate and ski.
i love the smell of leather.
persona II
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
i'm an anime fan.
my job involves building drones.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
i a doing good , just admiring my 30 pairs of shoes
wow i have a lot of shirts in my closet
how many ? i love collecting shoes , the leather smells so good
i've several because i build drones and need a lot
you like to skate or ski ever ?
yes i enjoy both on occasion
we should go sometime . i really enjoy both .
that sounds like a great idea thanks
we can take my car , even though i am sure its just as fast as my motorcycle
that would be cool i like techno can we listen to that
sounds like a lot of fun , what else do you like ?
i like biking a lot it is fun
maybe we should take the motorcycle then
persona
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
my life s goal is to be the world s foremost encyclopedia salesman.
persona II
i have 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i am active on my city council.
i like wide , open spaces.
i only eat locally sourced food.
dialogue
hello do you like alpacas ? i have
all i know about alpacas i learned from an encyclopedia
there is a lot to learn . do you work ?
when i am not working at the gas station , i sell encyclopedias . you ?
i care for my alpacas at my home and work on the city council
that sounds exciting . do you have any goals ?
i'm achieving my goal of only eating local farm to table food . you ?
all i want is to become the most successful travelling encyclopedia salesman .
good luck . with the internet and smartphones there must not be much of a market for them
thank you . have you ever seen a celebrity up close ?
no i stay away from hollywood and new york . prefer open spacious areas
one time i saw peyton manning at my local grocery store .
oh wow . where do you live ?
it varies , as i travel a lot to sell encyclopedias . you ?
persona
i'm not a big fan of waiting in line.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
persona II
my wife has terminal cancer.
i'm a business man.
i love to sing.
i have 3 children.
i'm a karate black belt.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ? i am home today with the kids .
i am doing great . avoiding my sister . how many kids do you have ?
i have thee rug rats . wassup with your sister ?
she thinks she's my mom . she keeps asking when i am going to get married .
lol . how old are you ? how old is your sister ? cancer will take my wife soon . . .
27 . she is 35 . i'm sorry to hear that .
no worries . we have come to terms with it . with work and kids , though its tought .
i can't even imagine . i really don't like change , so that would be rough .
we are getting by . i sing sometimes to cope . mostly in the shower , lol .
is it good singing or bad ? would people wait in line to hear you ?
well , my kids cry when i sing . is that good or bad ? lol . . .
lol . possibly bad . its ok , i hate to wait in line anyway . what are your hobbies ?
hobbies ? working , my kids , looking after wife , and karate when i've time .
karate sounds like fun . what level are you ?
black belt . do you participate in sports ?
not really . baseball was too much like waiting in line for me .
persona
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
i'm trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i am on a low carb diet.
persona II
when i cut loose , i lose control.
i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
i despise my boss.
i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.
dialogue
hey how is it going , i like to cut loose
it is going ok , what is your favorite way to cut loose ?
dance drink and smoke marijuana , i'm in colorado
i recently traveled through colorado on my way to la , it is really beautiful there .
yes it is , i have to relax because i work 60 hrs a week
that sounds rough , what do you do ?
drink and smoke the green haha
what else do you like to do ?
other than working drinking and smoking , also despising my boss
why do you despise your boss so much ?
he is very very rude and mean , i am looking for another job
what kind of job do you want ?
i love what i do just want a different boss
i can relate to that , i have had some really bad bosses recently as well .
persona
i get along better with animals than people.
i've several different breeds of pets.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.
persona II
i like to drink.
i shop online , too much.
i write children s books.
i don t believe in love.
i live alone.
dialogue
you should have a drink with me sometime . a double scotch
i do not drink but when they start serving other things i'll .
well i've plenty of drinks to offer in my lonely abode .
do you have any pets ? i love animals .
no pets , closest thing i've is shopping on amazon 24 7
people are hard to get a long with . i am alone too .
my friend is scotch , he helps me write amazing children books
i like to draw and feed my animals
that sounds nice . what animals do you have ?
i have a ranch with 8 dogs 20 chickens 5 horses 12 pigs 6 cows
whoa , here there internet cowboy
i love animals . they are the best .
are not they , almost as good as kids
they're very hard to let go of when they pass
too hard , seriously . i miss my doggies
do you like watching movies ?
persona
we live in an apartment.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
i have a 7 year old daughter.
i take her to the park.
persona II
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
i like spreading laughter and love everywhere i go.
i am a breath of fresh air.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
dialogue
hi there how are you ? i like , love meeting new people !
hello how are you doing today , my name is alex
i'm doing great , just been hanging at the beach all day . how was your day ?
mine , was great , i spent time with my boy who currently is not working
oh , sorry to hear that . do not worry i'm sure things will turn around soon .
i sure hope so . we live together in our apartment
lucky to get to enjoy this time with him though .
yes , i'm guess your right ,
yeah , cup half full i always say .
that's funny , yes , you right we always have going to the park
optimism can really help , much like the outdoors .
yes , life is wonderful and we need to be grateful .
persona
i like eating pretzels.
i work for the railroad.
my favorite band is vv nation.
i really like watching star trek.
persona II
i'd like to work for the smithsonian.
my favorite show is csi.
i once swam with manta rays.
my parents are lawyers.
i hate winter and the cold.
dialogue
hello , my name is katie and i wish to work with smithsonian .
i am john . i like history .
i love watching tv shows . my most favorite is csi
i like that show too .
i like swimming . i've swam along with manta rays
what are those ? manta rays ?
she's a famous swimmer
that is great . where is she from ?
do you like winter ? i hate them , because its too cold
i do not prefer it much .
what are you doing ? employed ?
i work with trains ? bu ?
i work here only . looking for job .
what jobs are you applying for ?
do you make much with this work ?
with trains ? i make a decent salary .
persona
i'm ten years old.
i love to read harry potter books.
and , my best friend is abigail.
i take martial arts after school.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
persona II
sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.
i work as a freelance accountant.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
i freeze up in social situations.
dialogue
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
i'm fine . my name is madison , i'm in the fifth grade
aw you so young that is cool , ever thought you been here before ?
nope but it is in a lot of my harry potter books
i've a mild case of ocd since college
what is ocd ? it means you have to stay clean right ?
yes that is it , i hate socializing i get nervous so bad
i don't i love people especially my friend abigail
that is good so young i am an accountant i have to stop that
you make a lot of money ?
yes i'm a freelance so i do
cool . my dad makes a lot of money , he has a porsche
that is nice my dad does also
we have some rad dads lol . what do you do for fun ?
sit an do chats an work on things online
ok i like martial arts , and i start safety patrol soon
persona
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to remodel homes.
i like to shoot a bow.
i like to go hunting.
persona II
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
i'll one day own a ferret.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i am allergic to peanuts.
dialogue
i am having a rough day . bad reaction to peanuts . you ?
shoot sorry to hear that . i am remodeling my house right now .
make sure to put a line out to dry your clothes . its the only way to go
yah good advice . i am also decorating for halloween now . is it too early ?
not at all . i just did an article about halloween tanks on my blog
oh cool . do you by any chance know any article about bow and hunting ?
no sorry . i can recommend some good ones for aspiring ferret owners though
i think i saw a ferret while shopping with my daughter last week in the mall .
was it loose or something ?
it was running around the mall , i thought it was a huge rat .
that sounds like the most magical moment of your life
ahahah good lord that will be so sad . well nice talking to you . time is up
i love baseball . ok bye
ops time wasn't up . glad to know you love baseball .
persona
i cannot stand pizza.
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i don't own a television.
i like to read.
persona II
i really enjoy hiking.
i'm deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
my favorite color is red.
i watched the eclipse without using proper eye protection.
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
dialogue
hiya ! how are you ?
hi how are you . what are your hobbies . . i like reading
awesome ! i'm more of an outdoorsy person . . . love hiking !
that's cool ! i don't own a television so i try and find other things to do
haha tv is my guilty pleasure , i like to curl up with some tea tv
that sounds nice . what kinds of food do you like
i like curries , omelettes for breakfast . . .
that is cool for some reason i cant stand pizza
so weird ! i guess that's healthier though !
haha i guess . do you have a job ?
yep ! ironically at a coffee shop though i only drink tea !
haha that is funny i am an art teacher
oh wow ! who your favorite artist ?
i've a lot but i really like modern art what about you
persona
i graduated college in 2016.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach kindergarten.
my class has 26 kids.
i teach at a large school.
persona II
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i'd travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i am not much of a fan of hot weather.
dialogue
hey , i'm kate . who is there ?
lindsay here , proud kindergarten teacher
i work at a library myself . i like to read !
the school i teach at is rather large
that's cool . where is it at ?
its in memphis , tn . my classroom has 26 students , its a lot of 5 6 year olds . .
wow cool . is tn hot ? i'm not a fan of hot weather .
it is humid . whenever i get free time , i like to get out and enjoy kayaking .
kayaking sounds fun . especially if you travel . i wish i did .
i wish you the best in life , whatever struggles you have will get better .
well , thanks . do you have family ?
yes , do you want to say anything about your family ?
i like spending time with them . do you ?
yes . in 2016 , when i graduated college , my entire family came to my graduation .
that is pretty cool . what degree do you have ?
degree in child developement education
persona
i have long red hair.
i work at home on my computer.
i own 10 cats.
i don't eat asparagus.
persona II
i wear a lot of leather.
i've boots i always wear.
i sleep in late during the day.
i listen to metal music.
dialogue
hello . tell me about you . leather is my fave and i wear a lot .
hi there . my hair is the color of wine .
lovely ! i always wear my boots and i like metal music .
nice ! i listen to rock music all day since i work from home .
nice ! something in we have in common . i like to sleep very late also .
i am an early riser . my 10 cats do not give me a choice !
oh my ! i love cats but 10 is a lot !
yeah , i do not know how it happened , but i love it ! any pets ?
i have 3 cats and one dog !
sweet . do they get along ? man , i'm hungry !
no , they all hate each other . what do you like to eat ?
anything that's not asparagus or blue cheese , yuck . yourself ?
i love asparagus ! blue cheese . . . not so much .
blue cheese is bitter , though . even with wine i cannot enjoy it .
i have not ever tried it thankfully .
consider yourself lucky . steer clear of it . try gouda instead .
persona
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
i make and me by waiting tables.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
persona II
i love cats.
i play a lot of video games.
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i m a lesbian.
dialogue
hi i'm alyssa and i'm lesbian
just getting ready for my wait shift . hurray 2 . 50 an hour plus tips .
oh wow that's great . do you got a pet ? my love is for cats .
all i've is a kid . he is more more work that a cat .
oh been there i play video games alot .
i wish that i had time to go that . just work , school , kid here
i'm slightly overweight but doctor said i'm healthy .
wow , that is random . does that bother you ?
i can touch my toes standing . can you ?
sure . waiting tables keeps you moving . gotta get those tips .
wow that must be some fast food ?
it is a sit down restaurant . italian
no big mac extra sauce ? is it cat friendly ?
what ? no . no cats .
do you play video games ?
no . i just work , go to college , and raise my kid .
persona
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i've four siblings.
i am the oldest sibling.
i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
persona II
i've a thick full beard.
my parents are in there 80 s.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
i'm only 5 foot tall.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
great ! just happy to be away from my siblings right now
i get that . i've 8 brothers
i've 3 brothers and 1 sister . i'm the oldest
i am the baby of the family . plus i am the shortest
i am the shortest too . haha how tall are you ?
i'm 5 feet tall , how about you ?
i'm 5 foot 3 so i win ;
darn , how old are your parents ?
they're in their 40s . my dad teaches a middle school glass
i win that . my parents are both in their 80s
oh wow ! you must be pretty old yourself ?
i'm 40 years old
oh okay , not too bad . how old is your youngest brother ?
i am the youngest , my oldest is 60
oh wow . my sister is only in the first grade
persona
i've red hair.
i work at a retail store.
i live close to the coast.
i'm vegan.
persona II
i cannot eat them but they're pretty.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i usually catch sunfish.
i like fishing.
dialogue
heading to the creek , whatcha up too ?
i'm working at a retail store
do want to quit and go to the creek with me ? got beers !
i do not drink and i'm a vegan
oh , well then you wo not want to fish with me either .
i live near the coast . i love to surf
yep water is nice . so , vegan eh ? that must be real fun .
not really . i do not like it
then , maybe you want to try fishing !
my hair is red , probably because of carrot consumption . maybe
haha , that is the surfer jokes in you eh ?
how did you know dude ?
you actually sound like kook . get real .
okay , i guess i should not have gotten two dinner reservations for tomorrow
persona
my favorite music is rock and roll.
i love to travel.
i go to school for business.
i enjoy skiing.
persona II
i'm argentinian.
i have many girlfriends.
i like to ride horses.
i like to eat beef.
i like to wear boots.
dialogue
hi i am from argentina . where are you from ?
from the usa , i love traveling though
you'll love argentina , especially the food and the women
what kind of food do they have ? i love spicy food
lots of spices and herbs that aren't available in the us .
that sounds nice . i ve been to mexico and canada
i like to eat a lot of beef like americans but not all of the other stuff .
what s your favorite beef dish ?
beef empanada . i cant get enough . they addictive like my girlfriends .
nice , what do you do for a living ?
i train horses . i like to ride them a lot in my free time too .
that sounds like a lot of fun . i m studying business in college
one day you will be rich enough to come to argentina and have empanadas
haha yeah , that would be amazing . do you put salsa on empanadas ?
persona
i can t go a single day without eating ice cream.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my favorite activity is fishing.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
persona II
my name is tom.
i enjoy eating italian food.
pizza is my favorite.
i'm east asian.
dialogue
hi i am tom i am asian i like pizza and italian dishes how are you ?
great tom , call me brandon
hi brandon how is your day going ?
i am doing pretty good , just got finish fishing
oh did you catch any ?
i caught a few bass
oh cool i've been fishing a few times
yes its very relaxing .
are you watching sunday night football tonight ?
nah eating ice cream , which i eat everyday
oh that tastes pretty good
i can not go a day with eating ice cream
i've been buying that lately myself
what , you been buying icecream
yea i have been snickers ice cream bars are great
oh yes that sounds very tasty
persona
i have two pet dogs.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my favorite music genre is rock.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
persona II
i can also squat 400 pounds.
i am a olympian.
my country is russia.
i am a weight lifter.
i can benchpress 345 pounds.
dialogue
hi . i just got back from the olympic trials . i am in ! ! ! weighlifting is my dream .
that's awesome . i am happy for you
thanks . what are your hobbies ?
i enjoy taking photos and hiking their my favorite
sounds like fun ! have you ever been to russia . i'm from there .
i've not but my dream is to travel all over the world
do you know last time i bench pressed 345 pounds ?
well that's interesting . i prefer to listen to rock music
sometimes i listen to rock when i train . then i squatted 400 pounds .
oh okay . do you have any pets
nope . no pets . do you have pets ?
i have two dogs . they're a mans best friend
yeah . i can't have any . too many hours training , they would be lonely .
take them with you . they would enjoy it
i worry they will get under my feet and i'd drop something on them .
aww . that is nice you'd think of that
persona
i m 53 years old.
i am obese.
i've blonde hair.
i live in alabama.
i have twelve kids.
persona II
i'm a average american youth.
i hate school.
i fell in love this summer.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
dialogue
hi , want to get to know each other ?
hi , i am very old u ?
doing great , school tomorrow though . that blows
i am not very pretty at all
i am sure that'sn't true
i am very fat and old
well you could try a more active life style . i like going for walks
i've way too many kids
they could walk too ! my friends and i walk all the time
but my hair is so blond
blond is cool . pretty too
aw , thank you so much
you are welcome . i fell in love last summer . i know how important compliments are
oh that is nice fr you
it takes a little of the pain out of school
i am far too old for that
persona
i work for a large law firm.
i enjoy golfing.
i am married with three kids.
i love my work and just got promoted.
i listen to classical music.
persona II
my favorite drink is pepsi.
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
dialogue
good afternoon , what do you like in your spare time ? i am a librarian , so i read lots .
yes , greetings ! i listen to mozart , bach , and vivaldi , and i golf to their sonatas . .
yes , yes ! the relaxed life for us . . . although i do love some horror in my books .
i have 3 little horrors myself charlie , champ , and chopin . my horrors and joy hoho .
haha , lovely ! are they kids ? or dogs ?
children they do not play enough golf however , only their donkey kongs .
we would get along . . . i eat like a kid , hotdogs , pepsi , and junk . got a favorite food ?
since my promotion , i've only been eating the finest puddings . i'm very rich you see .
congratulations on the promotion ! more time for golf , or less ?
drearily less , my fellow literate and educated compeer .
i'm grateful for my books ; any amount of time is enough to enjoy a page .
oh how grand ! and what kind of books do you indulge in ?
i delight in the vampire and horror genre even being a mild mannered librarian !
oh my does it not remind you of your own mortality ?
persona
my friends like watching it to.
i like football.
it s great fun.
we watch the games together.
we drink beer and eat food.
persona II
i love to exercise.
i have a nice smile.
many people want to be my friend.
i like makeup.
i m not a nice person.
dialogue
hi there , how you doing today ?
not bad are you excited for any football games this weekend ?
i am not really a football person , guessing you are ?
yea usually watch it with friends gives us an excuse to drink lol
haha me and my friends usually just hit a club to drink
yea that's not bad either what you got planned today ?
i am off to the gym soon , bit of a exercise nut me , you work out ?
i use to not much lately tho
fair enough , i got into it a few months ago and now i am obsessed
its always good to find something you enjoy
oh definitely , apart from football what do you enjoy ?
i am pretty much a homebody i love italian food tho
me too , have you ever been to italy ?
i've not i learned about it on jersey shore tho they spent a season there
haha fair enough that is one way to learn about a place
very true what kind of movies do you like ?
persona
i just took a trip to london.
i love to watch game shows.
i'm easily agitated.
i hate green beans.
persona II
my mother is dead.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
pink is my favorite color.
i'm a yoga instructor.
i enjoy being alone.
dialogue
i enjoy being being alone but sometime i get lonely
hi i love to view game shows
i married my highschool sweet heart but it only lasted for 10 years
i took a trip to london with my wif
my mother past away twenty years ago
i'm sorry to hear that
that is ok it was very hard to take
i have been easily agitated before at least
why was you agitated before ?
i can't stand green beans and i ate them also night
were they can , garden frozen beans ?
i had some really frozen beans
persona
i am a digital artist.
my favorite hobby is reading.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
persona II
since my dog died i m incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
i'm an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
hello , i am fine . just got off work .
i have a nice yard
that is exquisite . what have you done to your yard ?
well i work with art so i do a lot
me as well . i work with art conceptually and digitally , to an extent .
i've a couple kids and a husband so i am busy
ah , yes . i love my husband . he's my favorite author , you know
really who is he anyone i would know
possibly . his name is stephen king , you know
wow yeah i love his work so your whole family writes
yes ! even my twins love to pen short stories . where do you live ?
i'm in ohio right now but i go all over the world
how extravagant ! what allows you to travel ?
i just do it because i get board
yes , do not we all . do you enjoy anything else ?
persona
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
during the week , i work as a barista.
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
my favorite book is the bible.
persona II
i love to take walks.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to listen to music.
i am a happy person.
i love to knit and crochet.
dialogue
hello , how is it going ?
hello there , good thanks ! yourself ?
just took a long refreshing walk
nice ! i just got off work at the coffee shop as a barista .
cool i love iced coffee
me too ! i also enjoy designing jewelry during any spare time i have .
i'm carefree and happy all the time
every once in a while i love to go to craft shows that occur on the weekend .
ok . i like listening to music on the lake
i prefer reading . i especially love the bible .
you can never go wrong with the bible
i usually stay at home with my boyfriend in our apartment .
cool do you knit by any chance ?
no i don't . i'd love to learn .
it is very simple and easy
i bet once you get the hang of it .
persona
i am in medical school.
i really wanted to be an actor.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
both of my parents are doctors.
persona II
i'm a professional horse racing handicapper.
i'ven t been on a date since high school.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
dialogue
hello do u have a job i'm a professional horse racing handicapper
no not right now , in medical school
that is cool i have made 90 , 000 dollars so far this year on horse bets alone
you are lucky . wish i could be an actor , but studying to be a doctor instead
do u have a boyfriend or girlfriend
i wish . the girl i love is unaware of it .
i've not been on a date since high school no time for a relationship
i met this girl at the community theater i go to when i am not in school
i hope to own a horse racing stable with 10 horses then i will settle down
i hope i settle down . my parents are both doctors and want me to marry one too
good profession to be in if u like to help people
i guess , i just wish i was an actor
have u ever acted before
yes , i do community theater , you ?
no never acted i like the theater though
you should come see me play . what else do you like ?
persona
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i've a terrible singing voice.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
persona II
i like crocheting.
i love cats.
i'm a woman.
i have five children.
i'm married to a man.
dialogue
hi there . whats going on ?
how are you doing today
i'm great i'm here with me and my cats .
that's cool to know
yes what are your hobbies , i'm into crocheting .
i like to chill with my family and bake
oh that's great i make a bomb chocolate chip cookie from scratch !
that's cool i like doing custom cakes and decorating
that is good . my husband and i need a cake for our anniversary
i love doing cakes its is relaxing to me
that is good kinda like what crocheting does for me .
i could never really get into that
i understand whats your favorite dessert to make ?
i like to make cheese cake
okay i like the ny cheese cake
yeah i don't really eat it its to sweet for me
persona
my father is a doctor.
i drive a restored mustang.
i play football.
i am a college student.
i like action movies.
persona II
i love mac and cheese.
i make 30k a year.
i like to sit on couch all day.
i make cars for a living.
i like to watch tv.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am well , so happy ro be in my mustang i restored finally .
wow is that a hobby of yours ? i mostly sit on the couch all day
do you ? nah i do not i am active i play ball .
my job is actually making cars , but when i get home i just sit
i am in college i play for my college .
what position do you play ? i watch baseball on tv
nice , my pop is a doctor .
i guess he makes more than th 30 , 000 a month i make
yes sir he does i love me a good action movie
yes while eating macaroni and cheese
cool , what kind do you like to enjoy ?
persona
i live in a condo.
i only listen to opera.
i get up at 4am everyday.
my favorite food is steak.
i have never been to canada.
persona II
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i've borderline personality disorder.
dialogue
hello , my head is killing me , but i would love to chat . .
oh no , stay up too late ? i get up at 4 everyday , so i could relate .
no , lol , i was at a concert last night and partied a little too hard .
what kind of concert ? opera is really the only type of music i listen to .
i was a rock concert . i love to party , sex drugs and rock and roll .
i enjoy a good steak that's about as rock star as i get .
oh if i could afford a good steak . spend all my money on fun
i live in small condo .
cool , i like small spaces . i don't do well in open places
where do you live ?
georgia , where the irma is headed . you ?
i live in new york , i'd like to head north to canada but i have never made it .
oh so would i , but my job with the dentist keeps me grounded
party at night , hygiene by day ?
persona
i ran for political office in 2004.
i collect bugs in jars.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
persona II
i've blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i am a terrible speller.
i am an amazing dancer.
country music makes me cringe.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
dialogue
helo , how ar you ? i am mandi
i am good thanks for asking
what do u do four fun ? i am a compete dancer . i won alut
i work at a car dealership
cool ! i volontur at animal rescue ! but sure with they stop with the country . . . barf
do you have any pets ?
no , the risques are my baybeees . do you ? what do you look ly
yes i've two myself
i look ly valor swift her voice . . cringe butt my hair is way longer .
what do you do for a living ?
dance ! ! i win alot of mone and trifies . . what do u do four fun ?
what city are you from ?
miami i love it , they no play country music what about you ?
i like the outdoors and camping
never done it ! my blonde hair would get knot and dirt
what are some of your hobbies ?
persona
grandma makes jewelry.
i sing in the school chorus.
i live with my paps and grandma.
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i've a brown belt in karate.
persona II
i like to swim.
i prefer morning to night.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i'm a marathon runner.
i prefer winter over fall.
dialogue
i love me some apples
apples are good my granddad hunts for mushrooms
really ? humm i enjoy swimming
i like going to karate i just got my brown belt
cool , i like to run marathons an swim
i like to sing so i'm in chorus at school
cool i enjoy night swims
that does seem like its fun and very relaxing
i love winter way more then fall
the snow is nice but i like summer most of all .
i like morning time , nothing like fresh air
what do you do for a living
i am a professional runner
i go to school and help my grandparents i live with them
persona
i love scary movies.
i'm a member of the ymca.
i am allergic to cats.
i keep my hair cut very short.
i am learning to play the piano.
persona II
i like to refurbish classic cars.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
i've appeared on the show jeopardy.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
not bad thinking of a horror movie to watch later
i am looking online for parts for this classic car i am repairing .
cool hopefully you find them i've a haircut later today
i was on jeopardy show 7 years ago .
awesome how did you do ?
good but 5 years later i moved in a storage locker for 2 months .
oh that is gotta be rough i had a cat but turned out to be allergic
sorry to hear that i use to be an alcoholic .
me to then i joined the ymca and turned my life around
i'm so grateful that i'm sober .
same here i drank for many years
we have that in common .
very true are you watching the nfl tomorrow ?
no i'm going to 3 meetings .
oh that's pretty busy for a sunday
persona
i enjoy taking walks.
i've three children.
i drive a honda civic.
my best friend lives down the street.
i'm named after my grandmother.
persona II
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i've perfect pitch.
i've been published in the new yorker magazine.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
i'm a gourmet cook.
dialogue
how are you ? have you read my article in the new yorker ?
no , i live a simple country life .
i cannot live in the country because of my fear of open spaces
i like it because i can walk with my kids and be safe .
yes that's the advantage . i prefer cities with urban conveniences like gourmet cooking supplies
that has its fun too , i bet
i can go to concerts . my perfect pitch drives me nuts though . i can hear off keys
sounds like you are a very busy person , any kids ?
no . i often reminisce about my own childhood adventures as a national spelling be champ though .
i just live a simple life , i drive a honda .
i don't do anything that involves open spaces . even driving . i am very afraid
i am sorry , sounds like you have alot of issues .
well that's the only one . maybe it helped me focus on my writing and cooking skills .
sound like you got a plan , goodluck
thanks . what about you ? what is your profession ?
just a stay at home mom .
persona
i like cosplay.
i love watching tv and movies.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i work from home.
persona II
so i started a small business.
i recently graduated from college.
i've not had luck with finding a job.
its been doing better than i expected.
dialogue
hello . how are you this morning ?
cosplay is what i do , just cosplay
well that is nice . i am a small business owner .
woolseys , watching televison shows and going to the movies aswell
nice . i graduated college and didn't have any jobs offers is why i started my business .
lol , great . game of throne is the best show that there eva was ! ! !
never seen an episode . hear its pretty go though .
nah , i've a office at my home that i work from
so what type of job do you do ?
cosplay , its what i do , professionally like
oh thought you worked from home . i am sorry misunderstood .
that is okay , its all about cosplay
well that is nice . i have never displayed . sounds fun .
fun yes , i love moves and television though
persona
i enjoy home cooked meals.
i like long walks on the beach.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite color is blue.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
persona II
my weakness are sweets.
i am male.
i am unsociable.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i'm a jack of all , master of none.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am great ! i took a long walk on the beach today !
awesome ! i'm not much of a people person
maybe you should take upon cooking ! i love cooking at home by myself .
i'm a sucker for sweets so i bake pies and cakes .
i love cooking and baking anything blue ! its my favorite color !
that is my moms favorite color , i live to satisfy her .
i do not speak with my mother anymore . she doesn't watch game of thrones with me .
ll , cool show . i like the walking dead
haven't really been interested in zombies ahahah .
its a great show . what do you do for a living ?
i am currently unemployed but i am trying to find work .
i'm between jobs , i do construction , painting and etc .
pop music keeps me going through the job hunt though !
persona
i live in chicago.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
i have three dogs and two cats.
persona II
i don't celebrate any holidays.
i've created my own personal religion.
i only buy convertible cars.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
dialogue
hi how was your day today ?
good ! playing lots of quake a game i love today !
i have never heard of that game before . i am glad your having a good day
both my moms bought it for me , its a linux game .
that is very cool you must be good with computers
i'm pretty good . chicago has a good public school program for technology .
that is great do you have any pets
lots ! i have shelby , kelly , and right way who are dogs ! and link is a cat !
i've 4 pets too all german shepard
my dogs are all pugs !
they are very cute dogs ! do you like cars
yes , my moms drive classic mustangs ! what about you ?
persona
i work in a veterinary office.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i've 2 cats.
persona II
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like imagine dragons.
i like to kayak.
i run six miles a day.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i just came in from surfing , so i'm doing very well .
kayaking is more of my thing
that is fun too , i do that when it is too rough to surf .
when did you start surfing
as soon as i could walk . the vets office i work at is right on the beach .
did you work at the vets
i still do . it is fun , i love animals .
how many do you have
five dogs and four cats . i also have a horse . do you have any ?
i do not have time for it
they do require a lot of time .
i wish that i had more time for them
maybe one day you will have time for pets .
after my plane flying days
you are a pilot ? how cool !
persona
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i have a college degree in marketing.
i am colorblind.
i am still living at home at age 30.
i'm currently trying to open my own grocery store.
persona II
i am currently pregnant with my second child.
i love art.
i am a stay at home mom.
i have a severe anxiety disorder.
my husband in an engineer.
dialogue
hello ! crazy mom here ! ! how are you ?
i am great ! just at home . i am 30 and still live with my parents !
i wouldn'tes anxious if i had done the same ! !
i have a lot going on . plus my colorblindness is impairing
oh ! i'm pregnant and can barely leave the house for checkups i'm so anxious .
oh no ! how far along are you ?
7 months with my boy . my girl is already 2 . terrible twos ! ! ! crazy !
aw ! that's so great ! are you on bed rest or just busy with your girl ?
no just too frightened to go out . my anxiety paralyzes me . art soothes .
oh no ! i know that feeling , i struggle with anxiety too .
my honey he is an engineer thinks i'm making it up . . .
oh that is terrible ! i understand that too . its very real . i'm opening a grocery store .
ooooh that sounds risky scary . maybe open an art gallery ? ?
i cannot see colors but my degree is in marketing , i know i can do it !
but how will you tell the difference between lettuce and purple cole slaw ? ? ?
oh no ! i didn't think about that ! this is my dream !
persona
i'm very shy.
i'm content with my life.
i sing in the shower.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
persona II
i know how to drive a truck.
i love chickens.
i was born in kansas.
i work on a farm.
dialogue
hi there do you like chickens ?
i love chickens , but my dog chases them so i don't have any
i'm from kansas , where are you from ?
washington . . . do you have a lot of chickens ? do they have names ?
i do not name them , i just drive them around in my truck .
that must get a lot of funny looks ! my dog loves car rides !
i drive them to and from the farm .
oh ! do you live alone on your farm ?
yes , just me and the chickens , i need a girlfriend . . .
it is just me and my dog . . . at least he does not
ha that's too funny
he's my best friend . . . even howls along when i sing in the bath !
my chickens just peck at me , they'ren't nice pets .
maybe you taste like corn ! !
your face taste like corn . . . haha
poor confused chickens ! do you like farming ?
i love growing more than anything , it is peaceful .
that does sound nice ! i hope you have a lovely weekend !
i am anti social so this chatting thing has been fun .
i am rather introverted . . . chatting like this is the only social stuff i do .
do you really have a dog ?
i do . . . two actually ! and one chicken ! lol
no way do you really have a chicken . . .
for real ! silly tilly is her name
is she like a rubber ducky or loud and annoying ?
tilly is only loud when she's laying an egg or mad at the dogs
i have a dog , he is super needy
but i bet you love him lots !
he grows on you after a while .
i hope you have a great evening !
persona
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i freeze up in social situations.
sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.
i work as a freelance accountant.
persona II
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
i love to go horseback riding.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i have three daughters.
dialogue
i'm nolan how are you
hello nolan . i'm swell , what about you ?
my wife is picking up . our 3 girls from school
cool , three girls must be a lot of work
a little different then how i grew up on the farm in kansas
i'm from denver so i head to florida every year for a break
my wife and i love to scuba
i like being alone seeing as i've ocd
the girls and i go horse back on weekends it helps train the dogs
you have a pretty full life
yeah but it was not always like this
i guess i'm more the loner type
i only have 1 brother and a large farm growing up so i understand seclusion
it is crazy cause i actually have a big family but i like my alone time better
persona
i have a cat.
i hope to move out soon.
i work at home , editing.
i've depression and anxiety so i don't really go out a lot.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
persona II
i am single.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
any cool plans for the upcoming weekend ?
nope just going to stay home
that sounds relaxing . i'm going to catch up on superhero shows
what do you do for a living ?
i work for a tech company
what city are you from ?
cupertino , ca . probably why i'm so loyal to the iphone haha
i've a brother in san jose
that is awesome ! the startup i work for is actually located in san jose
do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i just dyed my hair hot pink with purple highlights.
my favorite hobby is chess.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
not a day goes by that i don t drink four mountain dews.
persona II
i like to hunt.
i love the tigers baseball team.
i am thin.
i'm blonde.
dialogue
hello , i am a strawberry blonde , how about you ?
hi . hot pink with purple highlights . just dyed it yesterday .
nice ! ! i need to gain some weight since i'm too thin .
drink some mt . dew . that's what i do , like four every day .
omg , that would have me bouncing off the walls .
well , it keeps me awake while i'm playing chess .
cool , i love baseball , tigers are my favorite team
i spend a lot of time watching alien movies .
watching movies is ok , me , myself , i like going hunting with my brother .
that sounds like fun , i guess .
killing animals isn't for everyone .
that is for sure . i keep thinking of bambi .
yes , once you get past bambi it is all good .
i think i'll stick with alien invasion movies , lol
persona
i work for a magazine.
i love the game halo.
i love to workout.
i like to read.
yellow is my favorite color.
persona II
i like to eat food.
i work for a large company.
i drive a fast car.
i listen to rock music.
dialogue
i'm listening to rock music and jamming . what are you up to tonight ?
just got home from working out at the gym
see i really enjoy food , so the gym is a must
now i am getting ready to play some halo and drink a coffee
i like the fast life i've a fast car and drive in the fast lane
i am a hard core reader helps me with my job
i work for a huge company . what do you do ?
i work for a sports magazine as a editor
o that's whats up . do you get to go to alot of games ?
i've been to the super bowl 3 times and the world series 2 times
i love baseball , there's nothing like a hot dog and a stale beer
that's true i have to bring my lucky yellow hat though to every game
i have to listen to my favorite rock song before any important meeting
yellow is my favorite color whats your color of choice
i like red . my corvette is red
i like corvettes but i am a truck person
persona
my passion is in programming.
i go to bed pretty late.
i am in school to be a computer engineer.
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
persona II
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
my favorite season is winter.
i am disabled and cannot walk.
my friend once bought me a car.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
fine , thanks ! just getting up , though . went to bed late .
good morning , then ! hot enough for you ? ca not wait for winter .
yeah , i like winter , though i do not go outside much anyway .
same here , its a little hard with my wheelchair .
oh , i imagine so ! i do not have a wheelchair , but i'm in school . computer engineering .
interesting ! with cooler weather coming you gotta watch out for colds . don't wanna miss class !
yeah , that is true . i've a real passion for computer programming .
i always stock up on vitamin c , just in case . programming sounds like fun !
its fun . i hope to use it to open my own company with my best friend .
friends are the best ! my vestie actually bought me a car last year . totally surprised me !
that's awesome ! my best friend is actually gay , but i'm not .
love is love ! good luck with your business venture !
i agree ! and thanks very much . i hope it works out .
just keep to it one thing my disability has taught me is to never stop trying !
that's extremely inspirational , thanks .
persona
i am chubby.
i love to larp.
i work as an interior designer.
i'm tall and blonde.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
my mother was a piano teacher.
i grew up in the deep south.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
hello , i'm fine and you ?
not too bad . it is cold and rainy here .
its sunny and cold here , where do you work ?
i work as a tarot card reader , but hunting is my hobby
nice , i love to rollerskate but i'm in interior design for work
i grew up in the south so i like to do outdoor stuff
are you a male or female , i am a woman tall and blonde
i'm a female . and i love the color blue .
me too , i've to lose some weight a little on the chubby side , lol
me too . because i alway eat too much mexican food . i cannot stand seafood though .
i like some seafood , but bread is my weakness
i hear ya . i learned piano from my mom . you play anything ?
i tried to learn guitar , i larp to unwind .
i decided to start jogging in place more
that is good cardio , i do squats and sit ups .
persona
and , i love psychoanalyzing my friends.
i love rage metal music.
i'm a special ed teacher.
persona II
my favorite hobby is reading.
i am a digital artist.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
my favorite author is stephen king.
dialogue
hi
hi , how are you ?
good and you ?
i'm doing great today . please tell me about yourself .
i love reading . i've twin daughters and i am from france
what kinds of music do you listen to usually ?
mostly jazz . u ?
i'm really into rage metal music !
i am a digital artist . . . but no heavy metal for me
haha , yes , i know it is a bit of an aquired taste i guess .
where are you from ?
i live in the united states , in new york city .
persona
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.
persona II
my best friend is gay.
i'm in school to be a computer engineer.
one day i hope to own my own company.
my passion is in programming.
dialogue
hello there . how are you doing today ?
i am doing good consider i just finished smoking 2 packs of cigarettes
oh my . that doesn't sound healthy . i've just been studying for my test tomorrow .
if you think that is not healthy , you should see me put alcohol in my coffee
my grandfather used to put his whiskey in everything he drank .
i am guessing that did not work out too well for him
died at age 96 . chain smoked , ate a pound of bacon and drank all day everyday .
bacon is not as good as meatloaf
i actually cover my meatloaf in bacon . keeps it completely moist .
i'm having dinner , which is meatloaf every night and never get tired of it . haha !
i had tacos after i got out of my computer programming class .
are you from south of the border ?
lol . . . no . i'm from a rural town in missouri .
my brother lives in warrensburg , missouri . got stationed there by the military .
i was stationed at fort leonard wood for a bit around a decade ago .
military crazy life huh ?
persona
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i m never still.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
persona II
i grew up in the upstate.
i live in the city.
now i also work at a bank.
my father used to work for a bank.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
i'm well . just busy that is all and you ?
i see i am in the city right now i live here but like the country
i hear you , i am a tree huger . my car is old
i got locked in a bank vault
that is terrible . i'm glad you are out !
yeah well my dad worked there and did it as a joke
no foal no harm then . i fix airplanes . what do you do
i am now working at the same banks
it is good to work . i am always busy . i like vinyl records
that's so cool i love them too
they have a good sound . i believe in the good fight
i was raised upstate so i do too
i think one person can make a difference
i think you are right about that
i was raised in upstate too
persona
i want to move to london when i get older.
i've 3 brothers.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i like to invest in the stock market.
persona II
i go to the theater to watch plays.
i like baking.
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i enjoy walking around the park.
i love my dog.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
good . . how s ur weekend going ? ?
going great went to the theater to see a new play . you ?
went out for a picnic . . good whether today here in jerky
i love to go for walks in the park a picnic would be fun !
where are you from now ?
i am from colorado . great place for my dog and i to enjoy the outdoors .
i've a friend in colorado springs . . i love that place
its a wonderful place . what do you like to do ?
hiking , skin most of the nature activities
i like to bake wedding cakes especially . i have never gone skiing .
its fun . . you should try
persona
i do not like animals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i like to role play.
i'm a morning person.
persona II
i have horrible allergies.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
i can t stand clutter or dust.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
dialogue
hello , my name is mr . allergies . what is your name ?
hi i'm sniffles . morning people like me shouldn't be up this late .
thi should be sleep because it takes me awhile to get ready
i do not like to be around animals , they give me allergies and sniffles
yes i'm allergic to cats and dogs to .
i'm a early morning kind of person so i'm able to go to sleep with no problem
i can only go to sleep when i've bathed thoroughly . in the morning i shower .
animals get on my nerves and make me sneeze .
dust and clutter makes me do the same .
only reason i'm awake now is my friend brought some pizza , my favorite .
that sounds good right now . what kind ?
supreme with everything and a few spices of my own . i love pizza .
i see that . i might order me one . i do not feel like cooking .
dip it in ranch dressing
persona
my mom is my best friend.
rock music is my favorite.
i hate broccoli.
i design video games for a living.
i am afraid of the dark.
persona II
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
i live in a house in california.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good how are you ?
i'm great . i'm buying my dog a treat .
nice ! what kind of dog do you have ?
i have a terrier named roger
i bet he's so cute ! do you like music ? i love rock !
i love easy going music
any foods you hate ? mine is broccoli
i like about every food
cool ! what do you do for a living ? i make video games .
i am in retail at a small store
that sounds interesting . what do you sell ?
it is target so everything
nice , i like shopping at target !
everyone seems to . my kids do .
are you afraid of anything ? i'm , the dark .
persona
i like to read.
i love country music.
i am a vegan.
i love the beach.
i've been at my job for seven years.
persona II
i always wear something purple.
i walk three miles home every night.
i work in fast food.
my favorite mortal combat character is milena.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
hey . i'm good just finished reading a new book .
and what book was that ?
enemy of the state . do you like reading too ?
not really . i work in fatty food
that is no good . how long you been there . i have been a vet for seven years now .
way too long . i walk 3 miles to work
oh goodness that is a long walk . well do you listen to music while walking ?
i think about mortal combat while walking
oh nice ! haven't seen that in years . i'd listen to country if i was walking .
you should play it . its my favorite
i wish i could play . i blast it at the beach everyday i go though .
that's awesome . i always wear purple
cool color man . so are you one of those meat eaters ?
persona
my car needs some repairs.
i am a casual dresser.
i am overall happy with life.
my favorite band is nirvana.
i'm a waitress at a local restaurant.
persona II
i got married last year.
i live on a boat.
i'm a hair stylist.
i've my own salon.
dialogue
hi , how is your day going ?
i'm doing good , and you how are you doing ?
good , just opened my salon waiting for customers .
today , i'm taking my car to the mechanic
i hope its nothing major that needs fixed !
its my brake , and need fixing quickly , but before i need to go my job .
good , what do you do for a living ?
waitress , at a hooters in new york
cool ! i live in seattle in a boat house .
that is awsome , i'd be happy to live in boat house
it is cool . i married a year ago and this is what we bought .
i been to settle to see a concert nirvana
persona
my dad owns a appliance store that i don't want to inherit.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
persona II
i love fall and winter.
i've brown hair.
i like eating healthy foods.
i like sleeping in.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am nervous , as per usual .
if you eat healthier like me it could help with those nerves .
oh yeah your just so great .
i'm not perfect , but i try . i sleep in a lot so that's a downside .
sorry , was that wrong ? my dad is bothering me again . i guess i should sleep ?
maybe , better than dealing with your dad i guess .
what ? i always say the wrong thing . i should just watch netflix . are you fat ?
no , i am healthy . i think my brown hair makes me look it though .
what brown hair ? it ? no , i have to talk to him about the business . . .
does business pick up in the fall and winter ?
yeh , xmas is a big seller . appliances are not very romantic or appreciative . . .
persona
i'm married to a man.
i love cats.
i have five children.
i like crocheting.
persona II
i'm a couponed.
i shop several times a week.
i love to save money.
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
dialogue
hi am a 56 year old married man , who had 5 amazing kids .
wow . i am a 54 year old woman with 5 children as well .
on my spare time , i crochet , and i've this thing for cats . i love them .
we seem to have a lot in common . i crochet and have cats as well .
thatbis interesting ! what a small world !
i don't know about you but i've more cats than kids .
ll , i wish , my wife wo not let me have many cats , i only have 1 .
yeah . i hear you my husband thinks i'm nuts for having them .
yeah right , but what do they know , my wife jokes around and calls me cat man .
cat man that is funny . actually , cats make really good companions .
they do ! i must agree . my wife has her own opinions about them . . .
some times i enjoy them much better than my husband and kids .
persona
i am college student.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i drive a ford mustang.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
i play drums in a band.
persona II
i am a girl.
i love sushi.
i love dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hello are you a boy or a girl ? i'm the latter .
i'm a boy with a girlfriend named luis . we are in college together
that is exciting . do you guys like sushi ? i absolutely adore it .
i do like sushi , but my parents hate it and i still live with them !
that's funny . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
mine is blue too , the color of my drums in a band and my ford mustang
wow , how awesome ! are you a fan of dogs ?
yes i'm , do you have some ?
absolutely , dogs are amazing . i am a big fan of them .
you would think i'd have my own at age 25
you are still very young , there's still time to get a dog !
i guess you are right . what else do you enjoy
well , i enjoy taking my dogs for long walks . what do you enjoy ?
mainly just playing in my band and hanging with luis
that sounds really fun . is luis in your band too ?
no , she's too busy with school work . i should be as well really
persona
i have a career in party planning.
my sister belongs to a cult and hasn't spoken to the family in years.
my father was a member of the communist party.
i enjoy deep sea diving.
persona II
i've purple hair.
my favorite book is the tale of genii.
my mom died when i was six.
i am a petsitter.
dialogue
fellow there how are you ?
i'm doing ok . how has your day been so far
my day has gone well how is yours ?
good aside from my family issues . my sister disappeared years ago . found out she's in a cult
cults suck , when was the last time you heard from her
about 5 years ago . also just found out my dad was part of the communist party .
you sound like someone who enjoys deep sea diving , do you ?
ahahah yes i lovedeep sea diving ! ! ! ! !
apparently i do too . i also do party planning cause that is a thing
yea party planning is the best job there's
i do birthdays bachelor parties , only the best entertainment
that is the only way to go . you male or female ?
i'm genderless , cause that's a thing now to
haha oh ok . got it . well i plan barmitsfas and wick arrangements . good variety
persona
i'm working in finance.
i like meat.
i drive a black car.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
twilight is my favorite book series.
i want to find out what its like to eat grasshoppers.
i recently moved to florida.
i'm a huge fan of jason mraz.
i only surf when the tide is low.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today
i am great , any fun plans for this afternoon ?
no i am from fl so i am running from the hurricane
ouch , stay safe ! hows the traffic there ?
the traffic is terrible but i've my favorite books to keep me company
that is good , keeping those spirits up !
yes bella will keep me company . where are you
i'm just outside boston , its about 65 and sunny today
that that is cool . you want to know something cray
sure what do you have for me ?
i want to eat a grasshopper
ll that's so funny , have not heard that before !
do you like to surf ? i love to surf but only at low tide
i never have but would love to take some lessons !
persona
i work in car sales.
i drive an acara.
my wife is a hairdresser.
my favorite beer is coors.
persona II
i play football.
i like to play video games.
i have a pet iguana.
my favorite movie is star wars.
dialogue
hello how are you this evening ?
hello from tx , jim here , great n u ?
doing pretty good considering the hurricane wiped out all my video games and t . v
geez , i can relate my wifes hair salon is underwater too !
thankful my pet iguana made it
love those critters , my acara flooded too , might need to sell myself a new one .
i'll not be playing any football too soon now that the field is ruined .
so reckon that means no tailgating . . . no beer
going over to a friends house tonight and watch some good old star wars movies .
i am usually watch football down at the bar , they keep the coors coming .
that sounds like a good idea actually
what else do you do for fun ?
persona
madonna is my all time favorite.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
i work in retail.
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
persona II
magic mike is my favorite movie.
i live in a big city.
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
i enjoy video games.
dialogue
want to watch magic mike with me ?
sure i'll bring the popcorn . gonna bring my madonna album too . love her ! !
she just did a concert here in the big city . i missed it though .
wow awesome ! i go about  concert a year .
i will have more time in the summer , we can go to concerts and movies .
sure thing , i work as manager in a retail store what about you ?
i'm a teacher and would like to create some educational video games .
wow make a pretty good living . i also enjoy listening to lady gaga .
she's an interesting soul . there are many characters like her in games i play .
what games are you playing ?
none of those shoot em up games , puzzles and learning are good .
oh ok , more like video games
yes , do you have other hobbies ? we can watch magic mike later .
besides listening to music i also like to knit from time to time
persona
i can run very fast for long distances.
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i have a very unhealthy diet.
i've a cheap car my dad gave me.
i am very skinny and energetic.
persona II
i live in pittsburgh.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i am a librarian.
dialogue
the pittsburgh paws animal sheltering needs more volunteers , please help .
i'd if i was closer . i bet they have adorable animals
i volunteer 3 days a week . do you have any pets ?
i don't have any money for one . my dad had to get me a car
i also work at the library , if you lived closer you could come to paw paw day .
i will . i am between jobs now and not healthy but do run a lot
pets are known to improve quality of life for the i'll . i read a book on it .
that's true but money is tight with me not really working
i see . would you like to go to a concert ? my treat .
that would be fun . who do you want to see
we can go to that spaghetti place and see the turnips live in concert .
i have never heard of them . what kind of music do they play
they do all the best hits . do you like italian food ? this is going to be fun .
yeah i love italian food . i like coffee and soda too that's all i drink
i have a nice cup of coffee after a big plate of seafood ravioli .
seafood ravioli is great i really want fast food now tho .
persona
i am a medical file clerk.
i have six tattoos , all of cats.
i have a pencil thin mustache.
i'm from baltimore md.
persona II
i do not eat well.
i am not social.
i sleep most of the day.
i work in a factory.
dialogue
good evening , i have slept most of the day
oh , that sounds so relaxing . did you enjoy it ?
yes its very relaxing to go long stretches in lala land
i agree . what do you do for a living ?
sadly i am just a factory worker
making stuff is important ! i am just a medical file clerk .
bummer , long work hours is affecting my social life
i feel you . where do you live ?
i live in the left coast
ah , i see . i live in baltimore , currently .
i miss the maryland crab cakes out there
they are the best ! have you been to maryland ?
yup , i went to the inner harbor area
that is one of my favorite areas . the art museum is great .
i rode the light rail into that area
did you take the marc train ?
persona
my name is omar.
i ve never been to the city.
i live on a small farm in ohio.
i am the youngest of three brothers.
i play guitar in the local band.
persona II
i listen to death metal.
i still live at home.
my mom is a janitor.
i like cartoons.
i'm in college.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am good . you ? what is your name ? mine is omar .
i'm eric . nice to meet you .
nice to meet you too . where are you from ? i'm from ohio .
i am in denver . i go to colorado state
that's cool . i have never been away from small towns .
sometimes i wish i lived in a small town
why is that ? i only know the life of a small town farmer .
it is so crowded here and i want to get away .
i understand that . do you have any siblings
no i am an only child . my mom is a single parent . she's a school janitor
oh , that sounds very different from me . i am the youngest of three .
do you like having brothers and sisters
i have only brothers . it becomes hectic . how is being an only child ?
persona
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
i have long flowing hair.
my least favorite music is country.
i drive a ford truck.
i am nearly of tall.
persona II
i like to wear black.
i drive a black car.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i have a black purse.
dialogue
hey hows life going for you ?
its going good thank you
what kind of music do you like ?
rap and r b , i hate country tho
neat , guns and roses is my all time favorite
what do you do for a living ?
i'm an artist , kinda . funny enough i don't wear much color haha . you ?
i'm a student . what kind of artist ?
i design and make tattoos ! what do you do for fun ?
i like camping and hunting
every day is a good day to wear black . i just love dark stuff
that's sounds kinda gloomy lol
persona
i love to read.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i dropped out of high school.
persona II
i like to paint.
we have two sons.
i enjoy visiting museums.
i like to attend wine tours.
my husband is 20 years older than me.
dialogue
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
hello ! well , i really enjoy reading . i learned to read when i was only 3 ! you ?
cool ! well , i enjoy painting and visiting museums .
great ! i can read in both english as well as french . what do you do ?
i am big into wines and attend wine tours on a regular basis , where are you from ?
i am not sure but i did not finish high school .
why did not you finish high school ?
i did not like it . but i still read three books every week . any hobbies ?
i love to paint with my two sons . what are your hobbies ?
mostly just reading . sons must be enjoyable to have . maybe someday .
they sure are , a lot of work though ! haha .
i'm sure ! anything else about you i should know ?
persona
my eyes are green.
i want to be a librarian.
i wear glasses that are cateye.
my skin is olive colored.
persona II
i've one sister and a niece and nephew.
i'm almost finished with my degree.
i really like cake and do not prefer vegetables.
i am 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
dialogue
top of the morning to you . or maybe bottom of the night .
well its bottom of the night for me , it is very dark outside of my school
okay , and what is your major ?
well , i am studying to be a teacher . a librarian to be specific .
good we need more of those . the kids in my family barely open a book .
i know , it is my mission to improve that .
i'm ending my cooking courses and will be out in the working arena soon .
oh , cool . do you like olives ?
i am known for using vegetables in my baked goods .
oh , well people always tell me that my skin looks almost the same as olives
really what shade of green is it ?
i would say pretty light . the same green as my eyes .
oh wait , maybe you mean ebony olives
yeah , that is what i mean .
my sister and her two kids might like meeting you with that combination .
yeah , pretty cool . do you wear glasses ?
persona
i recently bought a camper.
i drive a truck for a living.
i am former military.
i exercise 4 times a week.
persona II
my mother is a professional make up artist.
i want a dog , but that's a lot of commitment.
i sometimes think i m shallow.
if i want it , i buy it.
dialogue
i want to buy more art supplies
c cool i love art c cool i love art
i want to learn something new
l like what ? i learned a lot in the military
i know how to draw . i want to mold stuff
t that sounds like fun
do you have any pets ?
i i've a cat what about you
i am looking to adopt a dog but these apartments make it so hard
i i know right are you still live in our apartment
yes i do i want a house
y yeah i just bought one too
are you married ? i'm still single because i'm shallow
i i was but my wife left me when i was in the military
i am sorry to hear that
t thank you i appreciate that
persona
i'm a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
i have purple hair.
my dad is a college professor.
persona II
i'm a special ed teacher.
and , i love psychoanalyzing my friends.
i have two sons that i am raising by myself.
i sell cosmetics in my spare time.
i love rage metal music.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
iam well ! just getting ready for work , you ?
leaving the school , i teach gifted students .
awww how cute , i pet sit , not quite the same , but they're my students !
i am a single parent . . . i have 2 dogs , cats and 2 sons .
if you need a petsitter lol . you may have seen my ad in the paper
thanks ! i sell avon to earn extra money , do you know their cosmetics ?
i do , i bought purple blush once to match my purple hair !
wow ! ready to go to hear the rage metal concert with me !
i am ! your cool for a single parent .
thanks , have you heard of sigmund freud ?
i have , my dad teaches college for psychology , lol
persona
i love iced tea.
i believe that mermaids are real.
i've four sisters.
my mom is my best friend.
i am terrified of heights.
persona II
whittling is my favorite hobby.
i'm in the navy.
i'm an orphan who was in the foster care system.
i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i am good today . sipping on ice tea relaxing . how are you ?
i am good . just keeping warm from the cold rainy weather
i bet . i want to live by the ocean so it won't be so cold sometimes .
yes living by the ocean would be nice
it would and maybe i could see a mermaid also !
that would be cool to see
yes it would my four sisters make fun of me because i believe .
i went to college and have my degree in healthcare
nice ! i have not went to college yet . just taking time off .
that is understandable . you can always go to college when you are ready .
that is what my mom says . she is my best friend in the whole world .
persona
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i went to college in chicago.
i am the youngest of 3.
i love playing tennis.
persona II
i like tall men.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i have 2 dogs.
i have red hair.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing today ?
names lola i read mystery books on my free time
i like to read as well
what do you read ? i just graduated college . i was chicago for school .
i read about tall men
i am the youngest child of three .
that must be a nice position to be in
any siblings ? do you like sports . i also play tennis .
i'm an only child . i was a lonely child .
aww sory to hear that .
i'm not lonely anymore
as long as you are happy that is a good thing
my dogs are my smiles and rainbows .
i do not have any pets but i do like one some day .
persona
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i'll be moving to san diego in two months.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i am twenty six years old this may.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
persona II
i look forward to retiring.
i am a humble baker.
i love all of my beautiful children.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
dialogue
i retire next week , it is about time !
its time to do what ?
time to retire ! so i can work on my baking skill
ok , i understand now . then you are cook ?
no , i am a gaffer . i tried to make it as an actor but had to settle
and now what do you intend to do ?
spend some time with my beautiful kiddos
how many do you have
i have 3 boys and 3 girls
you have an excellent family
thanks ! they are great kids . i love them so much
soon i will follow you
you are planning a family ?
it is sure you should the loves these are children and in addition it is yours
persona
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
persona II
i work in car sales.
i drive an acura.
my wife is a hairdresser.
my favorite beer is coors.
dialogue
hi , i just got off work now i am having a coors , and you ?
i wish . i am listening the the punk band rancid . my favorite
i work in sales , care sales , what do you do for a living ?
i'm a cashier at a gas station . blah ! ! ! !
i never listen to punk rock sorry i am more like rap tupac to be exact .
oh ! i am moving in a couple months to san diego .
well it is almost the same thing i do , sales . so i hear you
i need a new life . i'd love to be a ballerina .
me too mine life is staring to suck as well
i'd like to be a famous ballet dancer in london like my mother
wow that sounds nice , my mom died already
sorry to hear that . what is going on in your life ?
she sold cars like me in the family business
family business is nice . at least you have that
nothing great , just trying pay the bills and survive .
i understand . just like the rest of us i suppose
persona
i am tall.
i like to travel.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
i'm from mexico.
i like to go on walks.
i like to bake.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ?
i just got back from hiking outdoors in the woods , because i love to .
how wonderful . i enjoy taking walks . not so much hiking !
ll , i mostly enjoy traveling though .
oh nice . where have you been to ?
all over , but have a hard time finding a bed long enough , bc i'm so tall .
oh no . that must make it difficult . i'm from mexico . have you been there ?
no , i've never been to mexico . how long have you lived there ?
i don't live there anymore . i moved when i was young .
oh ok , where do you live now ?
chicago . you ?
i do not actually live anywhere , i'm just a wonderer mostly .
oh well that's . . . romantic .
ll , so whats your favorite music ?
persona
i am a musician with a day job.
lately i have been learning how to garden.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
persona II
i like basketball.
i work many hours.
i'm a father.
i am from texas.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
dialogue
hey . do you like music ?
yes , of course . i love the band imagine dragons . you know of them ?
yeah ! ! they're my favorite ! i saw them on tour last fall
me too . i am an aspiring musician with a day job . and you ?
a trucker . lots of hours but brings in good pay . got a family ?
unfortunately no . grew up in the foster care system
i'm sure you have a lot of interesting experience . its just me and my son
nice ! any hobbies ? i'm interested in gardening .
oh cool ! i grow some herbs , but my real hobby is basketball
not much into sports . unless ballet is counted as a sport . haha !
definitely a sport . that stuff is intense ! do you do point ?
been dancing on pointe for several years now . whats your day job ?
i am a trucker . and a dad of course that's a full time job . you ?
oh , you just told me that . . . lol ! i am an accountant .
oh cool ! yeah i am not smart enough for that haha .
its not that hard . i could never be a trucker . i am a bad driver .
persona
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
persona II
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
i like to watch mma.
i m entering the police academy this summer.
i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
dialogue
hi , are you bodybuilder ?
no , i am thinking of being an insurance salesman like my father . you ?
interesting . i wish i was a salesman instead of being a cop
that was my childhood dream ! but i was my high school valedictorian and got a full ride scholarship
lucky , i heard you don't need to be in the top to be a cop
went to college instead of being a cop . but dropped out to help with grandparents
ohh would you ever consider going back to college ?
yes , unlike my mom , who stayed at home with me and my siblings
if you want to get some money for college start bidding on mma fights
yes , surefire way to win betting on mayweather
definitely , i expected the fight to be better
i did not watch the fight . i knew he was going to win .
i like that arrogance you should put that to good use
not arrogance , my dear , it was my psychic abilities
haha , yeah that could be
what do you do for work ?
i don't work right now , i am currently under training to be a cop
i was considering that but may not pass certain tests
persona
i live in california.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i work at a power plant.
my newest car is a chevy.
i like to eat spaghetti.
persona II
i'm single.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
i love rap music.
i love going fishing.
dialogue
geez my mom calls at the same time every day . i'm talking to her now .
i'd love that . . . if mine was alive
i am like yes mom i know i am single and i like rap music .
i'd be like yes mom i still live in california
i would like to be in california . i wish they all could be california girls .
the more i read the more i love it here . reading on the beach rules
lots of fishing there too . i like fishing a lot . almost as much as rap music .
i love to fish almost as much as i love working at the power plant
! day maybe i will be there on the beach when mom calls . yeah i am a surfer .
that is tight . we could take my chevy to the beach
gone fishing in your chevy at the lake . that can be a country song .
that's what i was thinking , let us eat spaghetti
us single guys eat spaghetti a lot . its easy , simple and good .
too easy but bad for our waist
persona
during the week , i work as a barista.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
my favorite book is the bible.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
persona II
pudding makes me gassy.
ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.
i ve never done drugs because i don t know where to buy them.
i love living in texas.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm doing good . just chilling with my boyfriend in our apartment
cool . i'm a little gassy from the pudding that i ate
sometimes people get gassy where i work during the week as a barista
that's funny . where do you live ?
i live in gods country and my favorite book is the bible .
i live in texas and i love it
any good craft shows there ? i go on the weekends ?
not that i know of . my favorite singer k sha is having a concert this weekend
are you going to go
yes i am a party animal
what else do you enjoy ?
everything . no drugs though , only because i don't know where to buy them
i don't know either . that wouldn't be very christian of me
persona
i'm a freshman at nyu.
i am the youngest in my family.
my passion is photography.
i have two older brothers.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i practice vegetarianism.
i like reading a lot.
i like watching the walking dead.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
i am fine . just catching up on homework .
reading anything good at the moment ?
always reading janet evanovich for fun .
what does she write ? i enjoy the game of thrones books .
a light story about a bounty hunter . busy at other times with school work .
oh yes . i have read a few . the ones with the numbers in the titles .
right ! just started at nyu this year .
what are you studying now ?
photography is my passion . my two older brothers went into business .
that is great . watch any series ?
only the big bang . enjoy the intelligent non street smart nerd .
which is your favorite character ?
sheldon , of course . penny is a good straight man to his questions .
he is a great character for sure .
yes , and the others make a good choice for him to play against .
persona
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
i grew up in the deep south.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm a female.
i like skateboarding.
i am in high school.
i've blonde hair.
dialogue
i love pizza , as a teen age blonde girl that is so normal
hey there how are you ?
i also skate board to my high school , how are you by the way
i am sick weather changing yuck
i'm doing great , and you ? what do you do for fun ?
hunt , i just really love it .
yeah , weather is changing , but it doesn't bother me
yea i put me down , i really want mexican food right now
what color is your hair ? how old are you ?
mine is black but my fav color is blue .
i love mexican food , tacos and burritos
what color is yours ? what do you like to eat ?
i may dye it blue , it looks really cool
it is so rare to find a good place here in the south .
wow , you are old , i just told you , it is blond .
it is my hair was blue before lol
persona
i can beat anyone in chess.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i simply walk around when i haven'thing to do.
i got hired as a security guard.
i have high speed internet.
persona II
i wish i could live forever.
i only date people taller than me.
i like free diving.
i really like technology.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am fantabulous . i never lose at chess
are you a genius dang
why yes i am . but i do not like for people to know .
i could tell ! very nice . hobbies ?
ivie been studying solar eclipses since the first one i saw when i was 8
did you get the solar sunglasses ?
of course . i'm not stupid . i want to see the eclipse
i mean you'd still see it for a second doc
then be blind for like . no thanks
i want to live forever help me smarty
aquaponics . look it up . and do it . do not let the government know anything
i love hooked on phonics it helped me read
aquaponics . hug . i am clearly speaking to a government drone
persona
i'm an award winning th member.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i volunteer in my sons boy scout troop.
i work as a plumber.
persona II
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i just started dating someone new.
i am in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.
i am a student.
dialogue
hey there i'm excited where i'm in my relationship , its new .
i'm great , finishing doing my celebrity impressions and now going to work
we went on our first date at the museum he impressed me
ok , do you have any hobbies
not really just dating an in this program for education
i do volunteer and since being a award winner
i just want to teach when i graduate after this program
that's good job , i am a plumber .
you are an award winner for what ?
th member and make videos for my son boys scout troop
cool how old is your son ? i like kids
he is going to be 8 , this month
it was nice chatting i've to run off night .
ok , it was talking to you , , talk to you soon
anytime , it was extremely good speaking .
same here , hopefully chat soon
persona
i working in a publishing building.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
people say i have a cute laugh.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
persona II
i'm a writer.
i don t like the beach.
i m allergic to milk.
i dream of becoming a famous actress.
zebras are my favorite animals.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i am great and you
not too bad just working on a book
i am a woman and like to be around guys
that isn't a bad thing . do you go to the beach much ?
yes alot of men and i love to cook with my friends and family
i don't go there much i hope to one day be in a movie
like movies comedy is my favorite people think my laugh it cute
do you like exotic animals ? i think zebras are cool
my ex boyfriend do i am still in love with him
sometimes its hard to move on
he make me laugh and him and i work in a publishing building together
publishing is a good profession
very awesome i'm been doing this for about 5 years . do you work
yes i work for a magazine i write articles
what kind of things do you write about
persona
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
i am a woman.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
i've a family of three daughters.
persona II
i am in the military.
i was a wrestler in high school.
i have one son.
i'm 25 years old.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i'm fine how are you tonight ?
i'm doing good . tell me some more about yourself .
i'm a girl and i have several girls of own
oh that's cool ! i've a son , so no girls here . how old are you ?
oh i am quite a bit older
oh , i see i'm 25 . not sure whether to consider that older .
so what do you enjoy doing in spare time ?
not much spare time since i am in the military , but i wrestled in high school .
oh okay i like to make stuff in kitchen
oh awesome . i enjoy being in the kitchen as it is my favorite color blue .
did you ever do geneology of family history ?
no , but that might be good to start . see who of my ancestors were in the military
i found out my relative was from the middle east
persona
my father was born in australia.
my father was an author.
i like to travel.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
my mother was born in ireland.
persona II
i need certain medications to live.
i skydive frequently.
i like fast food too much.
i have won an olympic medal.
dialogue
hi my name is allen and i'm on meds for survival .
hello allen . its a pleasure to meet you .
how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well . i've been working on a novel .
that's an accomplishment . i like to skydive a lot .
i'm trying to follow in my fathers footsteps as an author . skydiving sounds fund !
oh that's nice . i'm not much of reader but i'm an eater . fast food mainly
i'm not much for fast food , but love to learn about different cuisines when i travel .
sounds fun ! ! i also won a olympic medal for it
wow , that is awesome ! what country did you represent ?
i represent united states
score for the united states ! i am also from here , but love traveling to ireland and australia .
persona
i'm an old woman who lives on a social security check.
i babysit for the woman who lives next door.
my favorite color is yellow.
i only take the bus.
i often do not have the money to pay my utility bills.
persona II
i'll one day own a ferret.
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
i am allergic to peanuts.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm fine thank you i'm a older woman .
where do you work at
i'm living on a social security check not good .
why do you not work
i used to work but then i became disabled .
how did you get disabled then
i baby sit for a woman who lives close to me .
do you enjoy doing that
sometimes it is okay i love children .
how many do you have
i've one child a girl well she's a woman now .
nice do you have any pets
yes i've a cat my best color is yellow what is yours ?
persona
i've 3 dogs.
i like to read horror novels.
my favorite color is blue.
i like to go to the lake.
persona II
i do not have much energy.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
i'm a stay at home mom.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i'm good . . how about you
i'm great just finished a little cleaning
oh . . kook . . no fun plans for the weekend ? ? ?
cleaning is my kind of fun lol , might take my kids to mcdonald to eat and play .
hm . . we too went to a mad today near our home . . its by the lake front . .
oh that is awesome a lake sounds fun too , wish i had the energy to go
we usually go to the lakefront quite often .
how many children do you have ?
usually i take my dogs there . . they love that place .
oh nice what kind of dogs ?
1 . german shepard . . 1 . akita 1 . labrador
persona
i like to take photos.
i live alone.
i'm an environmental engineer.
i love to hike.
persona II
i sometimes wonder why i am not married.
i like eating healthy foods.
i have brown hair.
i love fall and winter.
i like sleeping in.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hi , i'm great . what do you do for a living ?
i am a housekeeper for three families in my area . what do you do ?
i am an environmental engineer , and have outdoor hobbies .
i love the outdoors . especially in the fall and winter . do you ice skate ?
i like hiking . i take photos in the outdoors .
cool , i was never good at photography . i'll bet you take great pics on the hiking trails .
yes , and it is a good hobby for an environmental engineer .
true . do you like gardening ? i love growing my own vegetables .
i've never done that . it sounds fun and healthy though .
yes , i love eating healthy foods .
do you have family ? i'm single .
persona
i am a night owl.
my favorite band is pearl jam.
i live in a suburb of boston.
i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
persona II
i'm married.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i am from tennessee.
i have a black lab.
dialogue
hello there ! just listening to charlie daniels . . . love him !
wow i just listened to pearl jam i love them
yes ! ! ! ! ! my black labrador loves pearl jam . she dances to it all the time !
wow smart dog . i take my dog hiking and we both like to ride my harley
that's so cute ! i am from tennessee . where are you from ?
i live a little outside of boston
nice . just been to boston earlier this year . love that city !
i love your state . i like to drive throught there at night
agreed . do you travel a lot ?
yes . i love the night so i try to travel at night .
my next stop hopefully is france .
i think its beautiful there
yes it is . i try to travel once a year at least . just never know .
you should make it twice a year
persona
i've a boxer dog.
i like baths.
i like to exercise.
my father lives in china.
persona II
i'm going to start school at the university of kentucky.
i am interested in producing music.
i'm a senior in high school.
i've 2 brothers.
dialogue
i am almost done with high school !
ni hao . as my father says . you must have great plans ahead ?
i do ! next year i'm going to the university of kentucky .
you are going to be a wildcat ! my boxer would chase you
is it your only pet ?
yes , we go walking every day . he loves to exercise as much as i do
i don't have any pets . just two brothers who live like animals .
well my boxer doesn't like a bath , but i love to soak
my brothers do not like to bathe either .
mmmmm sounds like you will enjoy dorm life . do you play basketball
nah , i'm not into sports . i want to produce music .
ahhh . i said ni hao at the beginning i learned from my father is in china
do you speak it fluently ?
just a few words . it is so hard to learn . those words mean hello
have you ever visited the motherland ?
no . it is so expensive to travel there . have you traveled to any other country
persona
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am not afraid of what others think.
i was raised by two mothers.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
persona II
i make my own soap.
i like to garden.
i am a fruitarian.
i've my own greenhouse.
i make my own compost.
dialogue
i do diy soap , hi
oh that is cool , i feel like my two mothers would enjoy that .
those ingredients that i used is my garden
what do you grow in your garden ?
the scents of fruits are within the soap
do you grow tomatoes ?
fruits because i love to eat fruits
do you consider tomato to be a fruit ?
my greenhouse is full of fruits , tomatoes too
cool . i like tomatoes because they go in spaghetti .
yes i do . i decompose biodegradable materials for those plants
spaghetti and meatballs are my favorite
that s so cool . spaghetti is alright
spaghetti is my life . i'm not afraid to admit that .
you have a great personality
thanks . i take after my boyfriend . he works for nasa .
persona
i live in springfield , mo.
i just bought my first home.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i'm a writer.
i love to barbecue.
persona II
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
i only date people taller than me.
i really like technology.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
dialogue
hey do you have any pets
no , not yet . i just moved to my first house here in springfield , mo .
oh yeah ? was it for a job ? i work in the tech field .
i write , which i could do from anywhere . good apps for bbq here , and hunting
i like the outdoors too more of an adrenaline junky tho . not scared of much .
what sports ? my brothers and i like to go hunting multiple times during the year .
free diving . i know its a bit crazy . off topic , how tall are you ?
6 feet 1 inch tall
i'm 5 5 . so you are just the right height .
the right height for what ?
i like to date taller people . just a preference .
i was not really looking , but i am single
well i mean we could just hang out as friends , do something outdoors ?
sure , plenty to outdoors in mo
or , or . . . what about hunting video games lol
haha , that could be interesting !
persona
i've a missing pinky toe.
i don't like green eggs and ham.
i love cooking.
i've 4 dogs.
i enjoy swimming.
persona II
i've been at my job for seven years.
i'm a vegan.
i love the beach.
i like to read.
i love country music.
dialogue
hi ! enjoying your day ? i am on the beach and loving it !
beach ? come pick me up ! i like to swim
awesome ! wish i could , we could enjoy some country music and relax .
i cannot relax because i lost my pinky toe . it is missing from my foot
oh my ! i work for a podiatrist and have been there 7 years . you should come in .
i should bring my 4 dogs instead . they need their feet looked at .
bring the whole family !
do you have a family ? i will cook for them . cooking is my hobby
no not yet . but you can cook for me . i am vegan so it may be difficult
i can cook anything ! just not green eggs and ham . i do not like them .
haha funny you mention that . i love reading and that was an all time favorite .
what kinds of books do you like to read ? i love novels
mystery books are a favorite and anything educational .
have you heard of bill bryson before ?
no i have not . is it good ?
yes , he is a good author . i suggest reading a walk in the woods
persona
i like rock climbing.
my hair is black.
i am a writer.
i've a dog.
persona II
i like cartoons more than movies.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
my mother met elvis.
dialogue
hello . how are you today
i'm good . was just walking my dog , how are you ?
pretty good . doing some school work
oh , what do you study ?
i'm studying for human anatomy right now
oh that's really nice . i didn't go to college .
what do you do then ?
i write novels . i started right after highschool .
what is the name of your novel ?
the bumble bee and the lion . it is about a bumble bee and a lion .
that is too funny ! why ?
i used to live in africa . there are a lot of bumble bees and lions .
i currently live in africa
where in africa do you live ?
i live in nigeria . very pretty
for how long have you been there ?
persona
i went to japan this summer.
i start my senior year of high school next week.
my mom is a painter.
my favorite sport is hockey.
persona II
i love to dance.
i'm a teacher.
i grew up in new hampshire.
my favorite food is mexican.
dialogue
hi ! do you like to dance ?
hi yes i do but i really love hockey more
what dances do you prefer ?
jazz , painting is my moms fav , so it fits in our artsy life .
sounds cool . i like salsa myself . do you work ?
i do not . i go into my senior year next week . you ?
i teach middle school . kids are fun .
yes they are . i saw plenty of them in japan over the summer
why did you go to japan ?
just for fun before my senior year started . any hobbies ?
eating and cooking mexican food , i suppose .
that sounds really delicious
yes , i eat burritos nearly every day .
who taught you to cook ?
my aunt , she is married into a mexican family .
that is very exciting and useful .
persona
i've red hair.
i am vegan.
i live close to the coast.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
persona II
i'm going to start school at the university of kentucky.
i am a senior in high school.
i've 2 brothers.
i've been in band all four years of high school.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello . i'm well . what is your sign ?
i am an aries and you ?
i am an aquarius . i love collecting shells .
love you guys . good people . do you have a favorite band ?
anything reggae is fun . i like positive upbeat things .
are you in school now ? yes me too . i do band at school .
i am not in school . i did not like school i was teased often .
sorry to hear that . hope it is better now .
yes it is . kids are mean to gingers , and my animal rights activism didn't help .
my two brothers tease me a lot . still !
brothers tease from a point of love . kids at school tease from insecurity and pain
good you stuck to your beliefs though ! right on . very true .
i make natural art of sea shells and sell them at open air markets .
that's really incredible and cool .
requires getting up with the sun and comb the beach every morning before tourists show up .
persona
i have a daughter.
i am a great cook.
i am under 6 feet tall.
i sell paper products for a living.
persona II
i like movies based on comedies.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i am a ballet dancer.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
my parents passed away in a car accident.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hi ! pretty good . just teaching my daughter to cook great like i do .
oh , are you a chef ?
no , for a living i sell paper products . what do you do ?
so , not a chef . lol . i dance for a living . a ballet dancer .
no , just conceited . fancy ! i wish i could dance ballet . how tall are you ?
five foot eight , which is good , since i like hamburgers .
i wanted to be at least 6 feet tall but i am just under that .
do you like junk food to ?
i love it ! i love to eat candies , ice cream , cookies , popcorn and etc .
yup . i had to eat fast food when my parents died when i was young .
sorry to hear that . do you drink hot tea ? that is my favorite .
yes , i'm a tea drinker also . have water on now . have to go .
i've to go and make dinner . have you already made dinner ?
persona
my favorite animal is a bear.
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i live on a beet farm.
i think beets are the best vegetable.
i'm a paper salesman.
persona II
i wish i could speak another language.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
i'm well , thanks . how are you ?
fine , thank you . what are you doing ?
i was watching tv . do you like science fiction shows ?
i am more of a documentary show junkie , especially when they are about different cultures .
those are okay , but i really like battlestar galactica . what do you do for a living ?
computer work . i'm on this thing for several hours a day .
i sell paper . it means i'm out of the office a lot .
that's nice . i wish i could get out more . do you have an active lifestyle ?
yes . i live on a farm , actually . you ?
in the city . do you travel ?
a little , mostly just for work though . do you like travelling ?
i have never traveled . i want to travel to other countries .
i go to paper conventions sometimes in europe . do you have a hobby ?
persona
i work at home on my computer.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
i own 10 cats.
i do not eat asparagus.
i've long red hair.
persona II
i'm married.
i am a older gentlemen.
i love to travel.
i have a passion for god.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
hello ! i'm great . just working from home .
that sounds enjoyable i'm recently retired
oh really ? do you like cats ? i own 10 !
my wife likes cats i'm more a dog person . 10 is an awful lot
i'm a single woman with cats . they eat asparagus too ! i hate that food .
do you like to travel ? i really enjoy it
not really . i spend most of my time working . where do you travel ?
all over i've been to every state
that's nice ! do you like jello ?
yes i do its easy for me to eat
my favorite is the blue one . you ?
i really like strawberry flavor
oh nice ! strawberry reminds me of my long red hair . guess the like colors , ha !
persona
my favorite band is nightfish.
i love reading.
i work from home.
i have a cat as a pet.
persona II
i like going barefoot.
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my sister is a guitarist.
i can knit.
dialogue
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
my name mark and i a cat lover
cool ! nice to meet you mark . what are your hobbies ?
in my spare time i like to read books , and do you have any hobbies
i love books ! i am an english literature tutor .
that's awsome , are you a teacher
yes ! so where are you from ?
i am from n . y , the big apple , do you have any pets
cool ! i do not have any pets , do you ?
yes , i've two cats and 4 dogs
what breed of dogs do you have
i've four poodles , and two stray cat
persona
i've a 3 year old.
i go to church on sunday.
i am a 1st grade teacher.
my favorite color is purple.
my father is a preacher.
persona II
i've one son.
i like to go swimming.
i like to read.
my parents aren't married anymore.
i have epilepsy.
dialogue
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
hello lucy my name is sky i'm great how about you
i am doing well . thank you
sick sick what do you do for a living
i am disabled due to my epilepsy . how about yourself ?
i am sorry to hear that i am a teacher for 1st graders
that is awesome . my son is a first grader .
i have one that is 3 years old lol not in school yet ! hows he like it
he loves it . he has developed my love of reading .
sick sick do you go to church ?
no i do not go to church since my parents divorce . what religion ?
christian my fathers a reacher
that is cool . so growing up church was big huh ?
yep every sunday how about you
persona
i've three kids.
i sing in the church choir.
i grew up in the trailer park.
i love hot wings.
persona II
i like victorian things.
i like jazz.
i like antiques.
i am a romantic.
i collect dolls.
dialogue
hi there . how are you today ?
i am good . busy with my 3 kiddos . you ?
just trying to perfectly plan my next date . i love being romantic .
this is sweet . maybe a date to a wing place for hot wings would be fun .
perhaps , i only get to chose once in a while , as he picks most times .
he should let you pick sometimes .
he does , when i do i choose jazz festivals .
cool ! i sing at my church but would love to sing jazz too
do you collect antiques , i love collecting antique dolls
i don't but growing up in the trailer park my grandmother had a doll collection
oh , did your grandmother have victorian era things ?
not much room in her trailer but she had lots of dolls
i see . do you have any hobbies ? or is singing at church a hobby ?
not much time for hobbies since the kids keep me busy . you ?
persona
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
lately i ve been learning how to garden.
persona II
i work 40 hours a week.
i try to do my job as best as i can.
i work in a bank.
i look forward to eating at restaurants.
dialogue
have you ever heard of pizza king ?
no , you can tell me about it
oh i don't know much , i just like eating at new places
so is it on the menu in front of you
it is a good break from my 40 hour a week job . what do you do ?
i go to the sea and fish with my grand father
that's very sweet . i spent too much time at the bank to visit my family
okay i at times go in the market to help my mother
wow you seem to really care about family . i am just a big workaholic .
i feel can not separate from my family
do you like them much ?
yes they have been there for me in hard times
i am having a hard time proving my worth at the bank . i wish i had support .
i know god is on your side and you'll succeed
oh well thank you . what else should i know about you ?
am christian who puts god first in every thing
persona
i'm constantly drinking.
if i'm not drinking , i'm thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i cannot hold down a job for very long.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
persona II
i want to move to las vegas.
i want to learn self defense.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
my sister is my best friend.
i want to go back to school.
dialogue
hello , i am watching netflix with my sister . what are you doing ?
looking at some youtube vids about overcoming drinking
oh , is that a problem for you ? i visit las vegas a lot , there is alcohol everywhere there .
yes a big one , do you drink ?
i do , that's why i wanted to move to vegas . but there's no good schools there .
oh really , if i lived in vegas i'd prob be homeless
i started learning ma , if you are on the streets self defense is a must .
nice , maybe i should do that to take my focus from drinking
tv is a good distraction too , do you have siblings you are close with ?
nah , my fam keep their distance but i may start attending meetings or taking up aaa
that would probably help . schools have great support systems too .
yeah they do , i surely appreciate all your advice not many people seems to care now days
persona
i've a thick full beard.
my parents are in there 80s.
i am only 5 foot tall.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
persona II
i'm a mechanic.
i own a german shepard.
i own a corvette.
i live in california.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm awesome helping my 80 year old parent shave his thick beard .
how big is the beard tho
its long and thick , i am 5 foot tall and it seems longer than me .
do oyu guys have any dogs ?
no , i have a son that is allergic to dogs so we stay far away from them .
oh that is sad i've a german shepard
i wanted a dog but dad said my
i fix cars for a living
hair was too red it would scare them away .
do you have a car ?
fixing cars ? hmm . . . mighty hands ? yes i do have a car a mercedes .
i've a corvette lets race
nice ! your are on , name the place and time .
persona
i take vitamin c when i've a cold.
i'm disabled and cannot walk.
i don't eat bread.
my favorite season is winter.
my friend once bought me a car.
persona II
i'm a doctor.
i enjoy vacations at the beach.
i live in a large home.
boating is my favorite activity.
dialogue
hi there , i am dr . kallie , how are you ?
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
doing well , enjoying my time off . relaxing at the beach .
nice ! i live near the gulf of mexico . youre a doctor ?
yes , i am on vacation though boating and soaking up the sun .
nice . i used to have a kayak but i lost my legs
i've a huge house . you can move in and i can take care of you .
yeah right . people are always so nice to me ! i do not get it .
you seem like a great person . i like you already .
thank you ! where are you vacationing ?
i'm at the florida keys .
i've always wanted to visit . but i live in a tropical kind of enviroment as well .
may i ask where you live ?
i live on the mississippi gulf coast near new orleans .
oh wow , that sounds lovely !
it is . beaches , casinos , giant live oaks and peacocks . roosters running around .
persona
my mom is a professional tennis player.
i am currently in elementary school.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
my favorite band is one direction.
persona II
my family is from algeria.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i'm a barista.
dialogue
my favorite drink to make is caramel macchiato . do you like coffee ?
no . i am too young . i am still in elementary school . are you an adult ?
yes i am . what grade are you in ?
i am in the 5th grade . i still like one direction
one direction is an awesome group . we play their music at the starbucks where i work .
i wish i had a job already .
where would you work if you could ?
i'd probably be a famous tennis player , like my mom . if i could .
wow ! i love tennis . has your mom played against serena williams ?
no she'sn't that good . do you know anyone famous too ?
my uncle is in government in algeria . he is a little famous there .
do they eat spaghetti and meatballs in algeria ? that's my favorite .
yes we had all kinds of food there but the pasta is much better here
i didn't know that . do you get free coffee at starbucks ?
persona
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like to watch anime.
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i like cats.
i like being weird.
persona II
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
if i were to be reincarnated , i'd want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i cannot get enough of lindsey spirlings music.
dialogue
hello there ! what do you do for fun ?
i usually are watching anime
fun . i listen to lindsey stirling , she and some irish coffee keeps me sane !
i also love cats and anything weird
okay , weird question then , what would you want to be reincarnated as ?
probably a pony cuz i love my lil pony
i'd want to be a hippo , but then i could not eat my wifes meatloaf every night ! !
www that's very sweet of you
she promised to make it if i cutback smoking . . up to two packs a day now .
org that is really bad for you
i know , i need a hobby , maybe i could start watching anime like you do !
i can't believe you can smoke that much
persona
i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books.
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don't like wearing pants when i don't have to.
i am a really , really good guitar player.
my girlfriend tells me she's going to leave me almost every day.
persona II
i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.
i am close to my mother , but not to my father.
dialogue
how are you this fine evening ?
i'm good thanks for asking
you are most welcome . . i hope you had a great day
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a cartographer . . . what do you do ?
i'm a student from cali
oh very nice , what is your major minor ?
criminal justice . although i doubt it
interesting subject , if you are wondering about it , it probably fits
what is a cart graver ?
i get information to make maps
oh ok i never heard of it
persona
i'm a shy person but i love to sing.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.
my shyness made me panick and i did not show up.
until recently i have never been able to sing in front of anyone.
persona II
i go to a private high school.
while both my parents have thick european accents , i don't.
i drive a motorcycle instead of a car.
i am enrolled in several college credit courses.
dialogue
hello , hows the weather over there ?
hello , there's no storms , so good ? you ?
94 and sunny , perfect day to to ride my cycle in the hills .
that sounds great . what are your hobbies ?
i'm in school , i study a lot no time for hobbies .
what is your major ? are you in college ?
in high school but have several college courses done .
oh , wow . that is great . where do you want to go to college ?
not sure . depends on who offers more money .
that definitely makes a lot of sense .
my parents would love me to go to oxford . but i was to stay in the states .
you are more familiar with things locally i assume .
definitely . maybe new york university would be fun
that would give you a lot to do in the area .
yup . it would be amazing .
is that your dream school ?
persona
i'm a redhead.
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
i ve danced since i was two.
i can say the alphabet backwards.
i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
persona II
i have the support of my whole family.
i'm a white dancer.
i ve studied ballet all my life.
my mother is a ballerina.
dialogue
hi , i'm a dancer , what is your profession ?
. . . was in banking until september . i was told i was no longer employed there .
sorry to hear . i have actually been studying ballet my entire life .
we have something in common . since i was two years old i have loved dancing .
that's awesome . i get my inspiration from my mother because she's a ballerina .
that's beautiful ! my claim to fame is . i say my abcs backwards .
wish i knew how to do that ! i bet it takes a lot of practice .
no . it is a talent i guess . i was blessed . . . that and my natural red hair
i'm blessed as well . my entire family supports me in my efforts .
how big is your family ? it is just my husband and me .
i have a fairly large family . it must be peaceful with just you and your husband .
yes . and we travel quite a bit . now that i am out of work .
i bet you both have seen some beautiful places .
actually we met in paris a . . . whirlwind romance . . . gave me a diamond at the eiffel tower
beautiful . i do not have much time for relationships because of my dancing .
have you danced outside the united states ? that art means dedication , yes ?
persona
i like alternative rock.
i love to crochet.
i work in a craft store.
i own a hearse.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
persona II
i love mexican food.
i work at a animal clinic.
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love the summer.
dialogue
hi !
i prefer different rock and roll
i do not know much about music . do you like food ?
i really like to do needlework
bet that takes some precision
i have a job in a craft shop
nice . i work in an animal shelter
i've ownership a funeral car
cool , bet its annoying when people slow down in front of you
hallows eve is my most liked time off
it is a great holiday . there is great mexican food around then
i really love alternative musical bands
very cool . i have two kids .
i drive a funeral carriage
persona
i like ford cars.
i also like ford trucks.
my truck is black.
i own a ford truck.
persona II
my son is a football player.
i am an american citizen.
i love pizza.
i like reading mystery novels.
going to the beach is my favorite past time.
dialogue
hello , i'm from america .
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
sorry , lets stick to likes , pizza is my favorite food .
pizza is pretty good , i love cars and trucks , especially the ford brand .
fords are very nice , do you like football ? my son plays .
yeah they're , i have a black f150 , i actually use it to tailgate at football games .
that sounds like a whole lot of fun . what else do you like ?
i like monster trucks too . how about you ?
i like reading mysteries , and going to the beach .
oh that's fun . summer is the perfect time for you then .
yeah , too bad fall is coming . do you have anything else you would like to mention ?
yeah , summer is good truck weather .
definitely . i wonder if people ever take trucks to the beach .
i have before , but you have to be careful of the sand !
persona
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i work as a bartender.
i am a vegetarian.
i used to be in the marines.
persona II
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
dialogue
fellow how are you doing today ?
i'm so great . how are you ?
a little down today missing an old boyfriend
why did you break up ?
i like men as friends he got jealous a lot
trust is one of the most important things you need to have , sorry that happened
i am ok staying busy with work i work in publishing
very cool . i am tutoring today but no customers
bummer hope the business picks up
its okay , i can mess around on the internet
what do you like to eat ?
i love raw veggies and ranch dressing , you ?
persona
my grandma is from denmark.
my dogs name is toto.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my car is green and smells weird.
persona II
i am traveling to barbados next month.
i like fitness.
i am a travel agent.
my parents own a business that i am now running.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
i am good , how are you ?
i'm extremely well , i'm travelling to barbados next month , so i'm just preparing for that .
that sounds nice , was it hit by irma ? i'm going to denmark soon .
i hope not , i'm a travel agent and two clients just went there
i've a dog , like the one that dorothy had . . .
cool , i hope you are taking it for walks , i love fitness
you know the dog . . . . i wo not say the name . . .
i like the name toto . its the name of my business .
i always take him for walks . . .
that's good , then he can get his exercise in
i always exercise him .
dogs are great , they are the reason my parents started their business .
my danish grandmother gave him to me
persona
my family and i go camping every month.
i enjoy horseback riding.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
i'm a full time mom.
persona II
i enjoy fishing.
i've a dog named bob.
i'm a closet cannibal.
i live on an island.
dialogue
hi , how is it going today ?
hello ! i am doing well . sad we aren't camping though .
oh . sorry , i want to go fishing !
fishing is fun . i like to take my boys and horses out in the woods .
oh , it is ! i do it on the island i live on .
oh wow . my boys and i live near mountains .
oh . do you have any pets ?
a dog and the horses . between the kids and the pets i stay pretty busy
i have one dog . that's it . his name is bob .
what kind of dog is bob ? my dog is a husky .
bob is a white lab .
he sounds pretty . labs are good dogs .
they're the best . i am thinking about getting another one .
friend for bob ! you should name him burgers .
persona
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i am an art teacher.
i like to sew my own clothing.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
persona II
i like to drink.
i don t believe in love.
i live alone.
i write children s books.
i shop online , too much.
dialogue
i like to go out for drinks on the weekends
oh that is fun . i enjoy sewing .
awesome , in my spare time i like to write books for children
i up cycle things i find at thrift stores in to new clothes .
yes , shopping i do the majority of my shopping on line
oh . i'm a teacher . i teach art .
do you believe in love ? i certainly do not
yes , i think that i do .
that may be why i live by myself
are you in a relationship ?
no , just like to keep to myself and write my books
oh . i have a boyfriend .
that's great , does he like to go out for drinks
yes , he enjoys a good beer .
nice maybe we could have one together one day
that sounds nice . where do you live ?
i live in florida how bout you
i live in south carolina .
awesome that isn't that far away
i love florida . i need to visit again soon .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
my idol is thierry henry.
i went to stanford.
i play soccer professionally.
i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
persona II
i've a passion for god.
i love to travel.
i am married.
i'm a older gentlemen.
my favorite book is the bible.
dialogue
hello there , how are you today ?
i am fine just eating pizza . i love pizza
is it regular delivery or a local favorite ?
it is local right close to stanford where i played soccer
nice , my wife went to stanford !
nice q my wife went there too . that's before our son was born 4 years ago
congratulations ! i have a few grandchildren about his age
nice . do you like thierry henry ? that's my idol
sadly no time to watch the games on sundays , i am a pastor
i admire that . between my soccer games and family i never get to go to church
family is important , god knows your heart
well thanks . what else do you like ?
persona
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.
persona II
my hair is long and brown.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm taking online classes.
i wait tables.
dialogue
hello is anyone there to talk to ?
i am a nunnery who reads the sci fi space fiction , deal !
nothing wrong with that , i love sci fi
tuna fish and salad , that's what i eat everyday , atleast , deal !
i am a waitress at a small cafe in miami
miami , hah its gone now and gummy worms , sweet toothed gummy worms . satisfy ! , deal !
i love flowers , expecially roses and i take classes online at u of m !
sandy brown hair and green eyes , that is what i have got , no flowers deal !
i have long , brown hair and hazel eyes . miami is here to stay !
read me some sci fi cause ima nnneerd deal !
i am gonna find a nice fiction novel and read while irma hits
tuna fish and salad , every day , cause ima nereredddd !
my favorite food is pizza
pizza is gummy worms with a sweet tooth !
persona
my feet smell.
i've blonde hair.
i've brown eyes.
i love money.
my mother was a weightlifter.
persona II
my favorite band is vnv nation.
i like eating pretzels.
i really like watching star trek.
i am an omnivore.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
doing great going to go dye my hair
oh , cool ! what color are you going to dye it ?
thinking brown eyes is brown and my mother hair brown
that would be a good fit ! what is your favorite tv show ? i love star trek .
good show and don't watch tv i like to workout
i like to eat pretzels . . . i should probably work out myself .
well feet will start to smell so good luck getting a date
what is your favorite band ? mine is vnv nation .
if we not talking about money what we talking about
i have no idea . i spend all my money on pretzels .
well can workout with my mother she will get you in shape
she probably could . do you work out ?
just my mother and i just work save up money
oh . do you eat vegetables and meat ? are you an omnivore ? i am .
sure just trying to get this money
persona
my favorite color is red.
i got married 10 years later.
i was the first born child.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i was a slave for 10 years.
persona II
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my adopted dad works at hp.
the future scares me.
my mom stays at home.
dialogue
hey there how are you doing today ?
i'm great . how about you ? what do you like to do ?
i like to be with my mom
interesting . are you the oldest ? i'm .
i really don't know i was adopted
oh ? where are you from ?
i don't know that also
i know my birth family , but for 10 years i was held as a slave .
wow ! that's why the future is scary
well , i escaped and became a carpenter . my future is bright now !
that is good are you okay ? my dad works
i am ok . i am even married now . what does your dad do ?
he is at hp my mom is a home mom
cool . what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is pink an yours ?
mine is red , although i also like pink .
persona
i want to own a house on a beach.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
i love eating at mcdonalds.
persona II
i had to get a job early as a child.
i never learned how to swim.
i like anime shows.
my mother passed away in 1979.
i'm a meat eater.
dialogue
hi how are you this night
i'm doing great , listening to the waves crash on the beach . how are you ?
very cool . i wanted to swim on the sea but i never did .
i love it here . my parents are teachers and wanted to retire on the beach .
enjoy ! i lost my mother long years ago . i miss her .
that would be hard , what kind of music do you like ?
i am not good with music but i like watch anime .
i've never watched it , does it have pop music ?
i listen but not much . are you
it is always playing at mcdonalds , i have become used to it .
what kinds of food do you like . i like meat .
i love cheeseburgers and fries .
me too . i had worked at mcdonalds when i was very young .
i love their healthy , fresh salads . where are you from ?
persona
my husband will retire next year.
i like to take walks.
we plan to travel after he retires.
i am a retired school teacher.
many of my former students like to visit me.
persona II
i've three pets.
i am currently on a diet.
i love going to the gym.
i love animals and i want to help them.
dialogue
if you do not like animals , the conversation ends here .
i encounter animals all the time on my walks ! whats not to like ?
perfect . i have seen opossum on my walks , very cute little critters !
never see those in my area . hoping to travel more after my husband retires .
where do you live ? when does he retire ?
he retires next year . luckily , i am already retired . i live on the west coast . you ?
i live in backcountry michigan . i encounter many sick , injured wildlife daily !
i see . what do you do for a living ?
i volunteer at the humane society and wildlife refuge . i care for those less fortunate
i do too . have you done much traveling around your area ?
i've been up to mackinaw to the 24 7 fitness center but nowhere else .
its good to keep in shape , especially since it sounds like your job requires it .
persona
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
my favorite activity is fishing.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
persona II
i help my neighbor.
i live in a city.
i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i'm a grandmother.
i've a dog and we go for walks.
dialogue
how are you doing this evening ?
i am very tired . i ran . i am very fast do like sport ?
not really i'm too busy loving being a grandmother to five boys
swimming and fishing are my best activities ,
fun ! i like to take the dog for long walks great exercise
i wish to be in big family . my dad was killed who was a cop .
how sad . my neighbor was a cop and i help him out at times
oh good . i miss him i want to be alone most times and i go fishing
that has to be so hard . i can understand
i like rivers float the river , sports makes me good , i forget everything .
nature has a way ! i enjoy getting out and going to the farmers market
you are really busy . do you have any time for you ?
yes , i'm retired so i can come and go pretty much as i please
do you have any hobby ?
persona
i'm a hardcore biker.
i enjoy the outdoors.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
i got a girlfriend last month.
persona II
i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i am healthy.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i love cats.
i am a lesbian.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
i'm good , hows it going ?
exhausting . i decorated a wedding cake at work today .
in your free time , do you have any hobbies ?
my girlfriend and i volunteer at the cat shelter .
cool , i go hiking with my gf i ride bikes
i've started running , i'm a little overweight and my dr . says it will come off easily .
i'm an outdoors kind of guy so running definitely will help you
in college , i was a majorette and cheerleader . baking put on a few pounds .
i know the feeling , i am a sucker for pancakes .
a well made pancake can bring peace to any situation .
exactly , buttery golden brown deliciousness lol
you have that right , lol . no one can turn those down .
do you have any kids ?
persona
i love animals , especially dogs.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i like field hockey and soccer.
i am a 15 year old girl.
persona II
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i live in a house in the country.
i'm pregnant with my first child.
my father is a preacher.
dialogue
hi there ! i'm an army wife . what do you do for a living ?
hello , i want to be a farm vet when i'm finished with high school .
i live out in the country . they can always use more country vets out here .
we are too , i use one field to practice field hockey and soccer .
you use one of what ?
a field . . . where are you station .
ft carson co . i live just outside co springs
we live in cali , on a cattle ranch . i love to surf .
i'd love to try that ! i am pregnant right now though so maybe later !
oh yes , don't do anything to endanger the baby !
yeah it is my first . i am very excited for the baby to get here !
i do not want kids , weird i know . i only want dogs .
dogs are good too ! i don't have them because we move around way to much
that would be difficult . have you named the baby yet ?
persona
i love reading.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i just moved from va to pa.
i grew up on a large farm.
persona II
we plan to travel after he retires.
i like to take walks.
i am a retired school teacher.
my husband will retire next year.
many of my former students like to visit me.
dialogue
hi how are you today
ok , i just moved from virginia to panama and my fibromyalgia is flaring up already .
do you work anywhere then
beadwork at home , but i grew up on a farm . do you work ?
i used to be i am retired
me too . now i just read books all day
what kind of books then
books written by witches using spells to cure fibromyalgia mostly .
that sounds like big fun
almost as big as the farm i grew up on ! what did you do before you retired ?
i was a teacher yeah
wow ! what state did you teach in ?
i taught in nc over there
when i said i moved to panama i meant pennsylvania . i just forgot what pa stood for
that is quite alright we forget things
i wish i could forget about this damn fibromyalgia . i dread the coming winter . .
persona
my parents are both over age 100.
i've six brothers.
my wife is legally deaf.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
i build aquariums for a living.
persona II
i look forward to eating at restaurants.
i work 40 hours a week.
i work in a bank.
i'm very polite and courteous.
i try to do my job as best as i can.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hi i'm great ! just finished up my latest work project ! you ?
i am doing very well thank you . i cannot wait to go out .
nice ! where are you going ?
i am going to go try out a new italian restaurant .
cool ! hollywood has great ones ! my bro in law runs a studio there , he hooks me up .
that's amazing ! i just work at a bank .
yeah i just make aquariums haha nothing nearly as exciting
are you kidding ? that's incredible !
really ? my brothers tease me about it ! there is 6 of them so its alot
wow , i do not have any siblings , so i just worked at my career .
that is good to focus on it though .
persona
i work for a newspaper.
my passion is writing.
i'm single.
persona II
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
i make and me by waiting tables.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hey ! i'm good ! just finishing up an article i've been working on . you ?
exhausted . i just got off work , and now making dinner for my kids .
i can relate to that ! the tired part . . . not the kids part !
ll . i am a waitress and working my way through med school .
wow ! i've written about a lot of waitresses trying to be actresses but never doctors !
you are a writer ?
yes , i work for the times ! i love writing , i'm basically married to it !
i don't love waitressing , it only pays 2 . 15 an hour , plus tips .
is that even a legal wage ?
that's why i am in med school , awaiting a new life . . . lol
fair enough . does your husband have a good job ?
i'm divorced .
oh , sorry !
persona
i'm a soccer player.
my number is 42.
nike cleats are my favorite.
i joined a new team last month.
i am a goalie.
persona II
i am a geology major at alabama university.
i've a girlfriend of 7 years.
i watch every football game at alabama.
i never have had alcohol in my life.
i currently suffer from social anxiety.
dialogue
do you have a girlfriend boyfriend ?
i do not . my soccer schedule keeps me too busy to date .
i like soccer , i play football
i'm a professional goalie .
do you ever drink ?
i go out every once and while with my new team mates . how about you ?
i do when i go to watch football games i see them all here in alabama
do you bet on the games ?
i can't i suffer from social anxiety and betting would be hard for me to do
if you ever do use number 42 . its my number .
42 is a special number in my geology class at alabama university , it is my major
that's interesting . so you study rocks ?
persona
my favorite author is stephen king.
i was born in france and moved to canada.
i'm a digital artist.
my husband is an author and we have twins together.
my favorite hobby is reading.
persona II
i m a college student.
i like action movies.
my father is a doctor.
i drive a restored mustang.
i play football.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
bonjour . i'm fun , sorting out my digital photos .
i am still in school , i'll be teaching in three months .
congratulations ! my husband is an author and i work with photos .
i love photography , i take a lot of my vintage mustang .
great ! do you like reading ?
i do , i love to read dean koontz .
i like stephen king the best .
i like his early works . from a buick 8 is one of my favorites .
nice . oh the baby is crying wait a minute .
my father is a pediatrician , let me know if something is wrong .
good to know ! we have twins .
that's adorable ! i do not have any
haha you are still young . the baby was just hungry .
i am too , now that you mention it .
go eat something , nice chat !
persona
i own a cleaning company.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i'm married.
i enjoy cooking.
my mother was a teacher.
persona II
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i love computers.
i am considered a nerd by many.
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i am very good at math and science.
dialogue
hello , what do you do for a living ?
i have a cleaning company that i work with my family
cool . i work on computers for google .
nice , i love google and i love to read .
me too . i'm kind of a nerd . i like math and science .
one of the best writers i know is nicholas sparks , i'm sort of a nerd too
would you use a self driving car ?
are you married ? i have been for 6 years now . . . . . i would try one
i programmed the one i take to and from work . i am engaged .
that car sounds a little scary though , my mother would never ride in it
as long as bad people don't program . the computer is safer than humans .
that is true , my mother started me reading early she was a school teacher
i always liked michael c . the author of jurassic park .
i've not heard of him , i think computers will take over the world fully soon
all of this has happened before and all of this will happen again .
i totally agree we are living a perpetual groundhog day
persona
people say i can cook well.
i work at a bar.
i surf everyday.
i like to listen to country music.
i can play piano.
persona II
i am thirty two years old.
i have been married eight years.
i am on a diet.
i'm a house wife.
dialogue
hi there . waiting for my husband to get home . . . . .
i am off work from the bar today .
are you a bartender ? i could use a cold one ! ! ! !
yep ! i'd rather surf though . i do it everyday .
never done that . but it looks fun . live near the coast ?
yes , i do . its almost dinner time .
32 years old and only seen the ocean twice . poor me .
people like my cooking . do you cook ?
married 8 years ago and i cook every night . helps me diet right .
nice . do you like music ? i love country .
i like real country not the pop stuff . my dad listened to that stuff .
i hear you . i play piano too . play any instruments ?
played the violin for years . still play on occasion . keeps me sane .
me too ! i am so ready to eat . gotta go !
persona
i like to play nintendo.
i live in the great white north.
i have a pet husky.
i like to race rc cars.
i love to eat fish.
persona II
i love the chainsmokers.
i also love to travel.
i work as a lifeguard.
i love to play tennis.
my dad works offshore.
dialogue
hello , what do you do for fun ?
like games ? i play nintendo alot
i meant hobbies , but i like nintendo too . i also like to go to new places
oh i like to play with my dog an my rc cars an race
nice , what kind of dog do you have ?
a husky , you have an pets ?
no , no pets for me
really ? okay where do you live ?
i live on the east coast , you ?
i'm in the great white north
i love the snow , i travel there during the holidays
really ? i try to leave when it comes
what do you for a living ?
i race the cars for a living
that's really cool . more exciting than my job
what is your job you do ?
persona
my children vist often.
my grandson s favorite type of cake is chocolate.
i'm an old woman.
i like to bake for them.
persona II
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
i wear a uniform to work.
my house is paid for.
my favorite color is blue.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
great ! how are you this evening ?
i'm good . do you have any hobbies ?
being an old lady , i have tons of hobbies
oh . i enjoy painting and drawing .
lovely . i am a baker ! my grandson loves my chocolate cake .
i love chocolate cake . what do you drive ?
i drive minivan , it is nice when my children come to visit every weekend .
my 4runner is four wheel drive .
how fun . do you go off roading ?
sometimes . i really enjoy driving on the beach .
oh ok ! i am a country girl , so i automatically think mud .
i like mud too ! either works for me .
what part of the country ? i'm in texas .
i am in north carolina .
i've never been there . that explains the beach .
persona
i work at home on my computer.
i do not eat asparagus.
i own 10 cats.
persona II
my mother was born in ireland.
i like to travel.
my father was an author.
my father was born in australia.
dialogue
i read so much today
that sounds nice i feel like i do not have time to read as much anymore
my father was always writing so its a habit
i work a lot on a computer an wish i could read actual books more
try making it a habit !
i will ! do you have pets
no , i travel so much cannot take care of them
that is cool where do you travel to ?
all over , my parents were from different countries
cool ! that must be nice . do you have family all over ?
yep
whats your favorite place youve travelled to ?
ireland , my mothers country , been there ?
i have not but its on my list
whats number 1 ?
i'd love to g back to italy
persona
i have 2 cats.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i love to go to the beach.
i am vegan.
persona II
i've a crush on my co worker.
i love rpg computer games.
i still live at home.
i play tabletop games with friends.
dialogue
hello how are you today ? i'm chillin at home
me too . just chilling with my 2 cats
cool do you play any games ? i play rpg on my pc
no , i'd rather get out and go to the beach !
do not blame you i been thinking of this person at work i like alot today
why do you get them some chocolate covered strawberries . i know i would enjoy that
its not a bad idea thanks
strawberries are the best fruit . they always work . even with vegans like myself
do you like ping pong ? i play alot
yes , you ever played it on the beach ?
i've no done that yet . do you have plans tonight ?
no actually i do not . what are you up to ?
i'm gonna binge watch netflix i think
dude , you need to get outside , get some sea air
yea probably i'm mainly a homebody
come hang out with us sometimes . i even bring my cats to the beach
persona
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm colorblind.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
i have a college degree in marketing.
persona II
i am a psychology major.
i love to travel.
i enjoy broadway shows.
i'm a steelers fan.
dialogue
whats your favorite football team ?
hi there . i volunteer at the fire department .
the steelers are my favorite footbal team , seen any broadway shows recently ?
i'm trying to use my marketing degree to open my own grocery store .
really impressive , i am a psychology major
very nice . college has me still living at home at 30
wow that is unfortunate , i love to wander and travel the world myself
i would love to do that too . i am colorblind so things aren't as pretty .
they have special glasses now for colorblind people , you should check those out
my friend got a pair . he likes them a lot .
i bet , i've seen some pretty life changing videos about them
yep . i need to get a pair myself .
persona
i was diagnosed with autism.
people in school said i was quiet.
i have not done anything since high school.
i play games at the arcade , still.
i listen to linking park , i do not know why.
persona II
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
since young i have loved fashion.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
dialogue
currently i'm in school to be a fashion designer . how about you ?
i'm autistic and stay at home .
i am sorry . if you could be anything what would you be ?
i'd work at the video game arcade . how about you ?
that would be awesome . you can do that ! i want to be a fashion designer .
does that involve talking to people ? i'm quiet .
depends . you could have someone do all of the talking for you .
that would make me very nervous .
who inspires you ? alexander mcqueen and coco chanel are my inspirations
chester eddington , rip . i love linking park , don't know why .
same here . that band has gotten me through a lot .
me too , it has been hard with his death . was gonna go see them in tahoe .
so many people suffer in silence . its so sad .
yeah , i know how that feels .
persona
i m terrified of heights.
i've four sisters.
i believe that mermaids are real.
i love iced tea.
my mom is my best friend.
persona II
i like to ski.
i like to eat cheetos.
i hate mexican food.
i've went to mexico 4 times this year.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
dialogue
hi there wow are you ?
i'm well , so tell me about your family ?
we all dislike mexican food
i do not know about that . i really enjoy it along with a nice iced tea .
i travel to mexico a lot
i would avoid any of the tall buildings there because heights scare the daylights out of me
my wife left me there
no way ! i am really close with my mom i would ask her for help
maybe she would help me
do you have any other relatives that could help ?
no they all hate me
if mom didn't help i'd probably ask one of my four sisters
as long as they don't mind i eat cheetos
perfect . is it nice to swim there , it would be cool to find some real life mermaids .
spear fishing would be great
good idea ! sounds like fun
persona
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
i'm afraid of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i feel that i can t live up to many people s standards.
persona II
i have been in band all four years of high school.
i am a senior in high school.
i am interested in producing music.
i am going to start school at the university of kentucky.
i've 2 brothers.
dialogue
hi , how are y o
ok . what are your thoughts about gender identities ?
i feel as though people can live how they choose
do you identify one way or another ? i struggle with attraction to both genders .
well i'm only attracted to females . i identify as male
what do you think being the opposite gender would be like ?
i think being a girl would be tough cause i'm in twelfth grade
wow . i think if my parents knew my struggle they would reject me .
parents are supposed to support you no matter what
ideally , yeah . i am still trying to figure out my feelings .
it will be ok . do you have any siblings that can help ?
no . . . just me . do you have a girlfriend , then ?
i've older brothers . yes i've a gf . are you a boy or girl
both ? ? i wish i had siblings .
so you are basically the best of both worlds
i guess . funny . you getting ready to graduate ?
persona
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i am an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
i'm currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
persona II
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i graduated top of my class.
my wife is a college professor.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i have one little girl.
dialogue
what is your name and what do you want ?
my name is amir and i want to dance salsa all night
i spend my time better , studying and becoming more intelligent
i'm engineer , i've already completed my studies . sorry you are behind !
i'm not behind . i'm way ahead of you .
so you already have completed a funded project involving bitcoins ?
of course . i am the smartest person in my class and still is
then why did you have grammar error if you are so smart ?
you are the fool ! my little girl will be the next einstein
i am sure that will happen .
my girl will rule over you and your children
that sounds good ! i need to pack . i am traveling for the next two months .
where to my strange friend ?
the farthest point i can get to in siberia
persona
my favorite sport is basketball.
i'm an avid runner.
i live in canada , near ontario.
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
persona II
i am unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i like getting my nails done.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i own a french bulldog.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hello ! i'm great ! are you into any sports ? i like basketball alot
i don't really like sport . it ruins my nails .
that'sn't bad , i would also call myself an avid runner believe it or not
oh , i like to jog in the morning with my cute dog .
running is great in canada , near ontario . that's where i live
oh , that is so cool . what do you do in your spare time ?
i like to run to watch my favorite basketball team , the vancouver grizzlies
very cool ! i don't have a tv right now , but that is okay
that is still is very cool lol
have you ever been to a debutante ball ? they are great
no not recently i cannot say
oh , that is a shame . though my last experience at one was terrible .
that sucks , tell me more
persona
i'm a student.
i'm from california.
i like to be outdoors.
i think recycling is important.
i like to shop at goodwill.
persona II
i am a chef.
i like to bake pies.
i like to garden.
i love traveling.
i like photography.
dialogue
hi there
hey dude , whats up ?
just finished my latest creation , a chocolate coconut pie . what about you ?
sounds good . i've been shopping at goodwill for some new to me duds .
cool . did you find some ?
i found some great jeans . reculed is the coolest .
nice . i like that too . i love to garden too . you do any cooking ?
not much , i'm to busy with school , but i love the outdoors .
oh what are you studying ?
biology at berkley . i love it here in california .
sweet . i've thought about photography classes since i enjoy it .
awesome . photography is an art . i wish i could take decent pics .
persona
my birthday is in june.
i'm currently unemployed.
i have a cat.
i still live with my parents.
persona II
i love all animals.
i love my job.
i am a vegan.
i used to work as an actress.
dialogue
hey hey ! hows is going ?
hey ! not so good , i'm currently unemployed and i live with my parents lol
yeah , you could use a lift , life is to short not to live amazing
indeed ! at least i have my cat do you have animals ?
i absolutely adore animals , i've only a cat and dog though !
i've always wanted a dog , i'll ask for one for my birthday in june
they are a responsibility though , like everything . i saved money on meat though
good point , i will have to find a job first otherwise i wo not be able to feed him
got any good job ideas you might like ?
i'm only 16 so maybe working in a grocery store or something like that . do you work ?
yes , i'm and front stage actress now
awesome ! do you have a play in june ? i could ask for tickets for my day
persona
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i've a large mustache.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
persona II
i like to shoot a bow.
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go hunting.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
dialogue
so how has your day been so far ?
my day has been great . i got to see my girlfriend who lives next door .
sounds nice , one of my daughters is dating the boy next door
how do you feel about that ?
i got lucky , he is a good kid , thank goodness
good what does he look like ? i sport a rather large mustache
well , he's still baby faced , does your girl like the mustache ?
she doesn't mind it . i started growing it when i got sober .
congratulations , that's an accomplishment , you should be proud
thank you ! i'm still in recovery , but i have not had alcohol in a long time
awesome , i do not drink much since my girls were born , lots of shopping though
that sounds like a fun hobby ! how many daughters do you have ?
three , i'm teaching them how to bow hunt , their mom hates it
wow ! were you inspired by the hunger games ?
i was , i hoping to dress the girls in hunger games costumes for halloween
that may seem threatening to some candy givers .
persona
now i also work at a bank.
my father used to work for a bank.
i went to college and graduated few years ago.
i grew up in the upstate.
persona II
i like the color blue or red.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good . where are you from ?
i am from ireland and you
us born and raised . what do you do for a living ?
i travel for work and you ?
i followed in my fathers footsteps and am a banker .
that sounds very nice yeah
i have only been in it a few years .
do you enjoy it then
most of the time i do .
that's nice were you wild ?
i would not say that i was wild .
i used to be a crazy kid
oh . i was pretty well behaved .
we would have had trouble then
haha . are you dating anyone ?
persona
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
my husband just decided to leave me.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i enjoy ice cream.
i am 50 years old.
persona II
i build aquariums for a living.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
my wife is legally deaf.
i've six brothers.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i am alright . just watching my children and dogs
aquariums that s what i make for a living
my four kids love aquariums and ice cream
oh my family six brothers and i've had therefore wife
50 years old and my husband is leaving
wow how long have you been together
twenty five years with four children
oh that s has been a long time are you guys traveling
not yet . my husband left the kids to me
oh how s that feel you like it
lets just say i like ice cream more .
oh what flavor ice cream do you like more
probably mint and chip
persona
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to kayak.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like imagine dragons.
i run six miles a day.
persona II
i give out sports information.
i'm a small business owner.
i help them win a lot of money.
my clients are gamblers.
i have a consulting firm.
dialogue
hello how are u tonight
hi , do you like seafood ? i love crabs with butter .
i like lobster as long as it fresh from the boat
i am doing good , trying to stay fit by running about six miles daily
wow i own a small consulting firm do u like sports
lobsters are delicious , i love to catch them on kayak
i'm a sports information junkie
well , i'm model airplanes , dragons junkie
many of my clients are big time gamblers
i see , you like gambling ?
i do not gamble its my job to help my clients win lots of money
how do you do that ? that is so unique .
well i have my sources for info
yeah , they all say that but it is ok
persona
i did not pass the audition , but i'll keep trying.
i took classes while growing up.
i think i have talent for it.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
persona II
i have one son.
i like to read.
i like to go swimming.
my parents aren't married anymore.
i have epilepsy.
dialogue
hi , how are you this morning ?
busy , busy , busy . getting ready for my audition . you ?
getting ready to go swimming with my son . are you an actor ?
nope , a cook . local tv wants to do a rachel ray sort of thing .
wow . that sounds amazing . i have read all of rachel rays cook books .
i started learning to cook when i was 6 . took classes for a dozen years .
i cook poorly . my parents divorced when i was small and i ate fast food
its never too late to start eating healthy . its not that hard , really , cooking .
my son says i should learn . but my epilepsy makes it hard .
i've heard diet can help with epilepsy .
really ? i'd love to try something besides all of this medication
sounds like you enjoy reading . i bet the library has some books on it .
persona
i like to play soccer.
i am seven years old.
and , my best friend is cayden.
i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
persona II
i drive a honda civic.
i've three children.
i enjoy taking walks.
my best friend lives down the street.
dialogue
hi there ! i am just hanging out with my kids karen , kim , and kevin .
hi my name is josh . i am seven .
hi josh , my closest friend is josh too he lives two houses from me .
i play soccer with my best friend cayden . do you play soccer ?
no , but i love to go walking .
oh . i'm really smart you know .
if you are smart , please come fix my car , my honda civic broke down .
i am sorry i do not know how to fix a car .
good thing i like walking then , huh ? where do you live ?
my mom says i cannot tell a stranger where i live .
your mom is smart too then . too many weirdos online .
i am sad because the gifted program rejected me .
i am sorry to hear that . did they say why ?
i've to score a little higher on my test . i'll try again .
persona
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
i collect stamps.
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
my favorite color is blue.
everyday i go swimming at the y.
persona II
its important for my instagram posts to look like i'm having fun.
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i try to eat healthy or i don't eat at all.
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i want people to think i'm cool.
dialogue
hi , i love posting on instagram having fun . i posted about my soccer scholarship
hello congratulations on your scholarship . i'm working on my stamp collection .
nice to have a hobby . i am health freak , and would eat healthy , or die .
that is wonderful . i swim two miles everyday to stay healthy .
i work out hardcore , i can over do it . but its about being in best shape
i totally agree my health and music are what matter most to me
yeah , people think i'm pretty cool that i do those things .
it really is . tell me more about yourself
what about you ? what would you like to know ?
i have been playing the cello since i was a kid .
cello huh ? i never really played much instruments as a kid
yes , my mother taught me . i've loved it ever since .
nice ! ! good to have one of those who inspire you .
yes , she used to play in an orchestra . we go to concerts together
persona
i have two children.
i am thirty years old.
i'm currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
we have two pets as well.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
persona II
i've many homes.
i like to ride motorcycles.
i collect vintage cars.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i ride horses.
dialogue
hello , it is a pleasure to chat with you tonight
hi , i'm mary . i'm 30 .
hello mary , i'm a 40 year old vintage car collector
i'm a sham , i've got two kids . whats your name ?
my name is jay , i do not eat much meat for health reasons ,
what kind of health reasons ? have you tried going on walks ?
i walk , yes , i also enjoy spending time riding my seven horses
i also have pets , i've two dogs .
i have high blood pressure , i eat healthy so i can keep riding motorcycles
you must be very wealthy .
high blood pressure from the stress of all the money and homes i own
i've two kids , so that takes up a lot of time .
money isn't everything , kids are everything you are lucky
thank you . i go on nature walks a lot , it helps with stress .
only kid i've is a pet snake named wrapper
why did you name him that ?
he wraps his body around my neck and chokes me it is fun
that does not sound very fun .
persona
i've a cat named kj.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i have lived in several different states.
persona II
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
i always put my left sock on first.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
spiders scare the life out of me.
dialogue
omg , you'll never believe what just happened to me !
hello you right i probably will not . i lived a many different states
i was just attacked by a spider ! it fell on my head ! i'm terrified of spiders .
omg you have me looking up now . my cat eat them his name kj
cats are awesome . i do not have one now , but i did when growing up .
my husband was a good salesman
was ? did he pass away ?
nope he a doctor now and i am his nurse have been for many years
wow , the perfect dynamic duo ! i pray to be like that when i get married .
yes it is very nice
my mother was single . she did a good job raising me alone , but i pray for companionship .
indeed , its a lovely night i love the night air
agreed , as long as it is not mountain air because of my heart condition .
it seem like its going to rain
the smell of rain is one of my favorites . it rarely rains where i live .
i wish it do because i'd sleep better
persona
i am a software engineer.
i started at google on an internship.
i work at google.
my favorite seafood in lobster.
i live in seattle.
persona II
i enjoy playing tennis.
i'm an aspiring singer.
my father worked for ge.
green is my favorite color.
i love animals.
dialogue
good evening . its nice to meet you .
good evening nice to meet you too . how are you ?
i'm doing great . i just got back from a good match of tennis .
tennis is fun to play . where are you from
oh , i'm from minnesota . how about you ?
i'm in seattle washington i work for google
cool . whats it like working there ?
its great and great money i engineer there software
you must be super smart . i'm not too great at computer stuff myself .
i try to be it just took a lot of studying . where do you work
well right now i'm trying to get my singing career off the ground .
that's great what kind of music do you sing ? do you have a band
i sing mostly folk music . a couple of my friends in our band .
that's great i hope it works out for you . sorry i have to run
thanks . it was nice talking with you .
was nice talking to you too
persona
i prefer reading to sports.
i have survived near death experiences.
i sometimes drive fast.
my family comes first to me.
i am a gentle giant.
persona II
i always travel alone.
i've no parents or siblings.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
my favorite meal is steak.
i am incredibly smart.
dialogue
hello how are you today ? do you like to travel ?
i dislike sports but love reading
i'm told i'm very smart
i almost died yesterday afternoon
do you like steak ? its my favorite meal
well i'm big but gentle
i rest for 3 hours a day i'm quite tired
too much sleep can do that to you
i usually travel by myself i like it that way
yea i will travel to my favorite reading event
i do not have siblings and my parents passed away
as you can see i love to read
i do too that is why i only sleep 3 hours
well you better get some rest tonight
persona
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i love to gossip.
i have never kissed a woman.
i watch jimmy fallon s show every night.
persona II
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i love to clean my house.
i enjoy reading.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
dialogue
hello there . watch anything good on netflix ?
i have no idea , i do not watch netflix
oh . i just stay home all day ,
i've this weird thing that i can achieve anything .
the thought of that scares me . i achieve a clean house
yeah i love to hear gossip and watch jimmy fallon .
i've not heard true gossip .
i've not kissed a woman before .
me either , i've not kissed a man either . i only leave the house under force .
oh wow . what is that like ?
leaving the house makes me panic
how come ? what is causing you to go into panic
i was kidnapped when i was young .
aww sorry to hear that .
persona
i still live at home with my parents.
i eat all take out.
i am 32.
i do not want a job.
persona II
i love children.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
i am twenty two years old.
i just graduated college with my bachelors degree in education.
i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
dialogue
hi , i just started a new job at an elementary school
congrats ! i don't want to get a job , haha .
oh really ? are you going to school ? i also just graduated , majored in education
nope , i am 32 , i just don't want a job .
do you have kids ? i love kids
i would hope so if you are gonna teach them ! no , no kids .
yeah i am very excited about teaching . what do you do for fun ?
play videogames , eat pizza . i am living the life !
sounds relaxing ! i'm still settling in to my new apartment
i would like an apartment , i still live with my parents .
you should look into college !
i do not know , i feel weird going to college at 32 .
persona
i'm in college.
i like cartoons.
i still live at home.
my mom is a janitor.
persona II
i like to go swimming.
i like to make fresh pies.
i am a cashier at a grocery store.
i've a garden in my yard.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ? i just got off work and making pies now
i'm fine , how are you ? pies sound great !
i'm covered in flour but all these venison pies will be worth it !
i live in a dorm at college , so we cannot cook .
what about a microwave or instant pot ? that could be fun
the dorm is super specific about things we are allowed to have
well i will send you a pie ! i can drop it off after my swim
do you have any cartoons to go with the pie ?
no . but i can pick one up at the grocery store i work at before my swim
do you swim for a team ?
yes ! the russian american team . we swim from russia to sarah palin house every week
that sounds like a crazy stressful training
it isn't too bad . my pet panda goes with me and that's relaxing
your pet panda is that good at swimming in russian waters ?
thick fur keeps him really warm , and all the veggies from my garden beef him up
sounds like he needs a lot of bamboo
persona
i have red hair.
i work at a retail store.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i live close to the coast.
i am vegan.
persona II
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i'm never still.
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
i am doing good . just fixed up a junk car . i am proud of my work !
that is really cool , it sounds like you are a hard worker !
yea i am always on the go . i fix airplanes fix up junk cars .
i don't have time for that , i spend all my time in my boutique .
how long have you had a boutique ?
i just opened it three months ago , but have been in retail for years .
what kind of boutique ? congrats !
thanks , but its nothing fancy . just some cute clothes and jewelry .
have more confidence when you talk about it . i am happy for you .
well , i am not the typical beach beauty of my area . i like things simple .
persona
i also love to travel.
i work as a lifeguard.
i love to play tennis.
i love the chainsmokers.
persona II
i used to work as an actress.
i am a vegan.
i love all animals.
i love my job.
my favorite music is country.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
doing good just got in from playing tennis love it ! !
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
i'm a lifeguard part time
nice , i was an actress , but i love this new job i've .
i enjoy traveling too . what is your new job ?
i am a chef , vegan because i love animals . do you like music ?
yes ! i am in love with the chainsmokers . . lol
ll i think my fav , is country music .
i do like country music too good messages in the songs
i enjoy it , i am not sure who the chainsmokers are ll
you can google them they are funny
persona
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i m an ovo vegetarian.
i can t cook.
persona II
i drive a blue car.
i own blue shoes.
i like the color blue.
i like to listen to elvis.
i changed my hair color to blue.
dialogue
hi names oreo what color do you love
i love green . oreos are great . bacon is better .
yes bacon is good on banana sandwiches like elvis
as long as the sandwich has no meat or dairy , i am good with that .
yeah no dairy is blue to my knowledge
i did not mean i'd eat bacon . i only eat vegetables and eggs .
my nissan is blue like the sky
i hate my drive to work . ugh ! the traffic !
traffic i hate too hence i got blue shoes so when i look down i smile
what makes me smile is sleeping in when i do not work .
i dyed my hair blue so i could be a smurf for halloween
do you remember if any smurfs cooked ? i cannot cook .
i remember them living off berries so i guess no
i need cooking lessons . i'm terrible at it . i burn my eggs and veggies .
i burn water so i only make ramen in microwave
you can burn things in the microwave as well .
yeah but i can catch it sooner
i know someone who forgot to add water to microwave mac cheese
wow talk about yuck
it was not me though . i don't eat cheese .
persona
i live with my parents.
i get sad a lot.
i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.
i think i might need help.
persona II
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i don t have children.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i work five days a week.
i enjoy shopping.
dialogue
hi howdy how are you tonight i'm fine .
hi , i'm good eating dinner ?
let us get to know each other i love going shopping .
do you know anyone who is hiring ?
no sweetheart online has great jobs you have to search .
i'm looking for a job , i've to be tight with my money .
i understand times are rough with trump in bad .
thanks i'll look , it makes me sad not to work .
i feel you i did not birth any kids you ?
i still stay with my parents
oh that's okay i've to go to my employment weekly .
so do you have any hobbies ?
where are you looking for work ?
anything i need money lol
yes i like hair and making up my face beautifully .
you should watch youtube tutorials with make up
persona
i drink a lot of caffeine.
i can run very fast for long distances.
i've a very unhealthy diet.
i have a cheap car my dad gave me.
i am very skinny and energetic.
persona II
i love new technology.
i really enjoy reading the news.
i wish i could play the stock market well.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i like to create websites.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i'm good . how are you ?
i'm ok , just got done reading the paper the world has gone nuts .
i agree . i drink a lot caffeinated beverages
i hear you there , i spend most nights trying to trade stocks , major caffinator .
i feel that i am very skinny plus energetic
well skinny is always good , as long as you are getting enough to eat .
true . i can run fast for far distance too . what do you enjoy to do ?
i spent m spare time tinkering with website design .
that's a useful skill to have
i guess , but i'm always looking for an easier way to make some green .
my diet is very unhealthy , maybe i should do something about that
you should try muscle milk , its a quick an easy way to get nutrients .
nice thanks for the recommendation
persona
i'm an only child.
i do not believe in love.
i work at an accounting firm.
i ride horses in my spare time.
persona II
i drive a honda civic.
i love rock climbing.
i like long walks on the beach.
i work at a retail store.
my favorite movie is django unchained.
dialogue
how are you doing this morning ?
oh you know , just doing some accounting for my firm . what about you ?
i'm taking a break at work in a retail position
where do you work ? i might need to do some shopping soon .
i work at gabes and it can be exhausting
i've not heard of that store . does it sell horse riding equipment ?
no it is a clothing store . what kind of hobbies do you have ?
i see . i like to ride horses and hang out with my friends . you ?
i like do some rock climbing and walk on the beach
nice ! do you have a special someone you take those walks with ?
yes i do my adorable companion lobo
is lobo a human or a pet ?
persona
although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i m always early.
i volunteer with dogs.
i am a graduate student.
persona II
i love to read.
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
dialogue
good evening ! how is your friday going ?
hey there ! going well , thank you . how are you ?
good . . . looking forward to the football games this weekend . . . you have big plans
that's just super . i'm so very happy for you ! i'm studying .
not too much fun , then ! what are you studying ?
to be a doctor , but not just any doctor , an insect doctor !
as in a phd in insect research , or fixing broken legs on bumblebees ?
yes , the latter . i make teeny tiny little crutches for the ants ,
guess that opens a new market for me get well cards for bugs !
are you a card maker then or a writer ?
proofreader , actually , but i would like to start designing them too
designing is fun . a creative outlet is so good for a person .
how long does it take a broken leg on an ant to heal ?
it depends on how broken it is , if it needs plaster of paris or just a setting
how many years of study does it take to become a bug doctor ?
seven years , and very good fine motor skills
well , good luck ! and watch for bug get well cards ! good night !
good night ! thanks ! great idea
persona
i'm a farmer.
my favorite music genre is rock.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i've two pet dogs.
i hope to travel the world one day.
persona II
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i work many hours.
i am a father.
i like basketball.
dialogue
hey how are you today ? i'm mark
hello , mark . i'm mia . do you have any pets ?
i do , i got a dog for my son !
i have two that help me on the farm , i do not have children yet .
it is rough but worth it , have to work long hours to make it work .
yes , it is . also gives me an ever changing environment for my photography .
you should photograph me playing basketball sometime .
i could do that , what position do you play ?
i play point guard generally but i'm flexible , do you like music ?
i do , if it is rock or rap .
imagine dragons is my favorite band , they're rock !
i am more partial to metal .
we could go to a concert sometime maybe ?
that would be great . where are you again ?
california myself , what about you ?
i am in ohio . that makes a concert date hard , lol
persona
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i once started a forest fire in california.
i speak six languages.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
persona II
i only eat organic food.
i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i collect comic books.
i'm allergic to dust.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am fine , thanks for asking , how are you ?
where do you work at
i'm a character voice on the radio , you ?
do you enjoy voice work
of course , it is really fun to use my voice to bring characters to life .
what do you eat mostly
i eat pretty much everything , what about you ?
i really like real and organic stuff
what is the weirdest story you have ?
nothing really and for you ?
on a trip to california once my friend and i started a small forest fire . . .
how big did it get
they put it out in like a week , but i am not sure how big it got
persona
i live in new york city.
i work on wall street.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
i've a poodle named nanette.
persona II
i own a cleaning company.
i enjoy cooking.
i'm married.
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
dialogue
i just got married , where is my gift ?
i sent it today ! may take some time . it is coming from new york city .
oh , what is it ? i hope i love it
you'll love it as much as i love suits and ties . it is a tablet .
does it have books on it ?
of course ! it is the best money can buy .
cool , i want to reread the notebook
my poodle nanette and i just watched that movie !
i hope i can get out of work tomorrow
me too . wall street is killing me .
do you have a lot of money ?
of course . wall street pays well . you ?
sometimes . do you want to give me some money
since we are friends and all , i would not mind helping you out .
persona
my dog s name is wonwon.
i m still single at the age of 35.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
persona II
i own a boat.
i've 5 grandchildren.
i live alone in a cabin.
i am a 70 year old man.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
dialogue
how want to come on my boat with me
sure , can i bring my dog ? i'm 35 years old .
sure , i'm 70 . we can fish .
i like fish . i speak japanese and teach it and drawing classes .
do you want to move into my cabin with me ?
ok . i'm single . but i do have an accent and have trouble with some words .
i won't judge you . you can be friends with my grandkids .
thanks . i can teach them japanese . and we can eat fish .
? i would really love that . will you teach me as well
yes , it will be fun . my dog even understands japanese .
does your dog understand english too ?
no . he has a japanese name too , won won . like it ?
i do like it . kind of like i won won you .
ha . i like you . how many grandkids ?
persona
i enjoy playing computer games.
i am glad that i work from home.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i'm confined to my bed.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
persona II
i like to remodel homes.
i like to go hunting.
i like to shoot a bow.
my favorite holiday is halloween.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
dialogue
hey how is it going ?
eh . i wish i was not stuck in bed all day .
aw man that is terrible . sick ?
yep . but i can work from home , so yay !
yay that's good . i like remodeling homes but i just quit my job .
wow ! my dogs hop in bed to visit me . can you build bigger bed ?
i probably could inbetween shooting my bow and arrow . how big we talking here ?
big enough for them and my computer . i love to play games .
i actually do like play games . what kind of games do you like to play ?
computer games . so you hunt too ? are you on instagram ?
i like hunting but i don't actually kill anything . i'm on insta you ?
i'm always on social media . instagram is my favorite .
i like to pose and use neato filters .
me too . are you married ?
no but i might start looking for a wife i dunno
good luck . maybe she will like hunting too .
persona
my family and i go camping every month.
i am a full time mom.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
i enjoy horseback riding.
persona II
i am a hair stylist.
my hair is colored purple.
i live on a boat.
i have my own salon.
i got married last year.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
fine , just came back from camping
oh nice , camping is rad
yeah , me and my two boys always go every month
i've got two boys as well . 9 and 10 .
mine 6 and 7 and full time mom
nice , i did the same for the first 5 or so years . miss it some days
yeah , you get back into it
for sure . do you have any other hobbies ?
yes , i like horseback riding and do you have any hobbies
very little free time a salon owner but i'll always love being a hair stylist
you can do my hair , , it has been a long time had mine done
what would you do to it if you could ?
color it and make it straight
persona
i love huge paintings.
i love zumba.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
i like collecting rocks.
persona II
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i love reading.
i work at a hotel.
dialogue
hi , i am rob . what are your hobbies ?
i am a bit of a collectors . i've a ton of dragon ball z figures . you ?
i like to read and listen to fin frenzy .
what is fin frenzy ? think you could do sumba to it ?
i am sure you could . its very upbeat and fast paced .
cool , i'll check it out . do you like art ? huge paintings are my favorites .
i like art . mostly of open fields and landscapes .
awesome . open fields are a great place to find cool rocks . you work ?
yes . i work at a hilton hotel as a day manager .
that is good place to stay , is it good to work for ?
its fine for a job , but not so much for a career . advancement is hard .
that stinks . i am still in school . not sure what i will do when i get out .
what are you studying in school ?
i keep changing my mind . i think i am going to try psychology . not sure though .
persona
i work at the grocery store.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i am vegan.
persona II
i work for the railroad.
i like eating pretzels.
i am an omnivore.
i really like watching star trek.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing this evening ?
i am doing wonderfully thank you . i hope you are the same ?
i'm . i just finished work for the day .
oh , great time of the day . . . . what do you do ?
i work on railroads . what about you ?
very cool job . . . . i work in a supermarket
oh , that's fun . what is your favorite food ?
well since i only eat vegetables , i'd have to say radishes
oh , are you a vegetarian ? i eat plants as well as meat .
what is your favorite food then ?
pretzels are definitely my favorite . how about you ?
hard or soft pretzels and any toppings ?
persona
i have 1 pair of shoes.
i like having my back scratched.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i am allergic to shellfish and cats.
i only eat at restaurants.
persona II
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
i've four siblings.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am the oldest sibling.
dialogue
taking a break from homework want to talk ?
sounds good . i am trying to decide where to eat .
mom made spaghetti tonight . it was good . go italian .
i never eat at home .
we rarely go out . i'm one of 5 kids so dad says its too expensive
its just a thing with me .
i wish i could . teachers don't make a lot though .
i cut back in other areas like shoes .
i am the oldest so when i get my license and a job . . .
you do what you got to do in life i suppose .
yep . ready to stop always having to watch the other four .
that must kind of suck .
persona
i work out every other day.
i like to fly kites.
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
my car broke down last week.
persona II
my mother is a ballerina.
i plan to retire in 6 months.
i have the support of my whole family.
i ve studied ballet all my life.
i'm a white dancer.
dialogue
i cannot believe i am six months from retirement . what will i do ?
i work out a lot almost everyday so that is one option ! !
hardcore ! my mother was a dancer , i am also a ballerina . good workout !
yea i bet . i fly kites so not much of a workout but its fun
that's too fun though ! do you make your own ?
i do . my neighbor comes and chills a lot , watches rugby so i chill and make kites
does your neighbor support your kiting ? my family is on board with my dancing .
yea he does . and that is great you dance . dance over here and help me with my car
i'm on my way ! what is the'ssue ?
it broke down last week and now it will not run
since i am retiring , i can donate much time to help you . don't cry .
your the man ! ! drinks on me
high five ! this old , white , dancer to the rescue . car talk style .
haha where are you from ? i'm from georgia
i'm in seattle right now . that's a bit of a trip i'd say .
i'd meet you half way if i had a car
persona
i have two children under ten.
i have two cats.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i m in love with adam levine.
i love eating kale.
persona II
i read autobiographies before bed.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
my favorite band is metallica.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am good . just playing with my two cats .
do you work any then
sahm . i've twin boys who are 4 .
do you ever read books ?
sometimes . do you have any kids ?
i don't and do you
twin boys that are 4 , remember ?
sorry my memory isn't great
haha . that is okay . maybe you should eat more kale .
yeah or some more fish
yeah , both have a lot of iron .
yeah i also eat a lot of chicken
oh , i need more iron in my diet .
persona
i'm in 3rd grade.
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i don't have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
persona II
i live alone in a cabin.
i own a boat.
i have 5 grandchildren.
i'm a 70 year old man.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
dialogue
hello , how do you do ?
hi , i'm in the 3rd grade
oh my ! i remember those days !
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year
since you are new here come visit me at the lake !
i live with my parents
i live alone . my 5 grandchildren wo not visit me at my cabin .
i do not have many friends in the us , yet i hope to make lots of friends
you can be my friend darling ! i am always of need of a fishing partner .
i hope to make friend when soccer happens i the fall !
you can play soccer at the lake ! there's a great ground !
that would be so amazing !
persona
i just started working as a librarian.
i don t know how to swim.
i'm a vegetarian.
i am catholic.
my favorite band is nickelback.
persona II
i'm a lawyer.
my favorite food is steak.
i love to run.
my wife just left me.
my favorite city is new york.
dialogue
hello , just back from a long run , much needed stress reliever . how are you ?
i'm good . i just started my job as a librarian so its been a long day
any book recommendations ? i'm suddenly single , my wife left , i have time to read .
i like to ready romance and mystery novels . those will always keep you interested
interesting . having a good steak in new york city is what i'm interested in .
sounds good . i'm a vegetarian now though . i gave up meat a while back
my favorite food in my favorite city is just what i need .
that is my favorite city too . do you listen to music ?
yes , i am actually litigating a court case regarding pirated music tomorrow .
oh wow . i've a friend that pirated nickelback songs .
lol ! if they need a good lawyer , have them look me up !
lol that is cool . what do you do in your free time
i like to run . i am single now too , looking for a boyfriend by chance ?
i am married hun but i appreciate the offer lol
persona
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i love owning nice office supplies.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i work as a barista.
i have a cat named jasper.
dialogue
hello do you bite your finger nails when hungry ?
no , bad habit , i love books , especially anne of green gables , my favorite .
so do i need to see a doctor about it
i take pride in my office supply collection , i've nice things .
what do you supply from your office ?
general office supplies , what do you do ?
am planing to set up an office handling shipping payments
sounds good , any pets ? i am thinking of getting a pot bellied pig , always wanted one .
for me i want curved animals from wood or clay
do you work with wood ? my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad assesses taxes .
no , they just look good and smell nice to me
i bet , i once won a beauty pageant although it was a waste of time .
i was the miss teen of our college during my third year in college
you must be a beauty , are you single ?
yes am and happy but not searching
sounds good , where are you located ?
persona
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
marduk is my favorite band.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i am thin.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i like to hunt.
i love the tigers baseball team.
dialogue
hey there ! hows life for you ?
its good thanks for asking
you are welcome ! got any hobbies ?
i love the outdoors , hiking
both of those sound great
what do you do for a living ?
i breath and eat food to stay alive
what city are you from ?
the city with all the flooding
are you in tx right now ?
yes i'm . where are you ?
i'm in cali , used to live in tx
that's cool . what language do they speak in cali ?
mostly valley girl talk lol
hmm . is it difficult to learn . i'm so bad a foreign languages
do you have any pets ?
persona
i have danced since i was two.
i can say the alphabet backwards.
i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
i am a redhead.
i got engaged to be married in paris , france.
persona II
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i'm not afraid of what others think.
i can be quite forgetful.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
dialogue
hello my name is ted . big plans for the weekend ?
just got done at dance practice . you ?
i'm just hanging out . my boyfriend is working this weekend so i'm bored .
i just lost my banking job a month ago , so i'm bored too .
oh no what do you do in your free time ?
dance . and i jost got engaged , so wedding planning .
i could never get married . i'd forget my ring everywhere !
i love my ring . its gorgeous . he designed it himself .
wow what are you serving at the wedding ? i love spaghetti myself .
i've not decided on a menu yet , but we are going to be in paris .
how lovely paris is magnificent !
it is gorgeous . my fiancee is from france .
wow you are so lucky . french accents are sexy !
oui oui ! i'm trying to learn french .
persona
i simply walk around when i've nothing to do.
i have high speed internet.
i can beat anyone in chess.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
persona II
i have one son.
i m in the military.
my favorite color is blue.
i was a wrestler in high school.
dialogue
hello , i am apart of the military .
hi , thank you for your service ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
well i hang out with my son , he is a high school wrestler just like i was .
cool . i love to play chess . i pretty much win every time i play .
that's cool . my favorite color is the color on my navy uniform , blue !
i like blue too . i also enjoy walking . especially on days i'm not busy .
that is nice . tell me more about yourself .
well i just seen the solar eclipse again . last time i was 8 when i seen it .
that's cool . well , formation is soon . anything else ?
is your internet fast ? mine is high speed . i hate slow connections .
mine is military grade , so its not that good lol
that stinks . what else do you do in your spare time ?
not much . my husband is actually in the army so that wasn't a lie lol
where are you from ? i live in ohio .
we are stationed in texas .
how is the weather ? it has been raining here all day !
persona
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
persona II
i have a hard time feeling connected with people.
i grew up homeschooled.
i care deeply about animals.
i take my emotions out through art.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am doing ok , how are you ?
i'm great . i wish i could get my emotions out .
well i would love to help you . what is on your mind ?
art . i need to paint
my old college had art classes , maybe you could try that
that would be interesting . i like being alone .
i like showing my emotions . art helps . are you in the la area by chance ?
no . i'm in canada .
i see . i feel like i need to find my true love . maybe i should try canada .
you ever heard of the song my girlfriend in canada
no i've not . who is it by ?
it is off of a musical
musicals are great but too expensive . i cannot even afford an apartment .
persona
i just got a new sweater.
i also eat too much french fries.
i can t do math.
it was too small.
persona II
my father was a famous actor.
i don t like acting.
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
i have 3 ex wives.
i don t like kids.
dialogue
hey , do you have any kids ?
hi ! no , i shop in my spare time . do you ?
good i don't like kids .
so i guess you don't have any .
no , none of my ex wives got pregnant
well that is good . ouch , my stomach hurts .
why does your stomach hurt ? ?
i ate a huge box of french fries !
that's not good . i hate them
do you just hate everything ?
yes probably . except my 3 cars .
what kind of cars do you have ?
i have some sports cars .
cool . i have a new sweater i could wear for a ride in one !
what color is it ? do you want to marry me ?
red . but you probably hate red .
persona
i have a cat named jasper.
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
my favorite flower is a rose.
persona II
i went to college and graduated few years ago.
my father used to work for a bank.
i grew up in the upstate.
i live in the city.
now i also work at a bank.
dialogue
good morning ! my name is lance . how are you ?
good morning lance , name is joe . doing well , how are you ?
good thanks ! tell me about yourself ?
sure , i work at a coffeeshop , pretty funny for a guy named joe , right ?
lol i need my coffee ! living in the city and going to the bank every day !
maybe we have met ! my cat , jasper , hangs out in my cafe .
would be a long shot , i just moved here recently from college a few years ago
oh , where did you go to school ?
upstate , where i grew up . you ?
on the coast . i love roses , and couldn't resist going to the rose bowl every year
omg that place is beautiful ! wanted to head out there but i followed my fathers footsteps
the sunsets were beautiful , the sky and the water would just glow this perfect shade of orange
and the weather ! and of course girls too lol
that's for sure , lol
good chatting with you joe ! take care .
you too lance ! catch you later !
persona
i like to play baseball.
my favorite place is the mountains.
i have 2 kids.
i am a doctor.
persona II
i live with my wife and kids.
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
i've three beautiful dogs and one cat.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing just great and you
i'm well , it is a lovely morning here , though it is getting a little chilly
looking forward to playing baseball today with some old friends
nice ! where are you playing ?
its really just a softball game in a local park
that should be fun ! we are going to the movies today
what movie are you going to see ?
i am going to see happy death day
have you ever been hiking in the mountains
it is one of my favorite pass times
what do you do for a living ?
i am a cattle farmer
that's great . i am an animal doctor
that must be exciting . i love animals
at times it is and at others it is not
persona
i love cooking !.
my mother is from greece.
my favourite colour is green.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my father is from india.
persona II
my wife is a nurse.
i am a doctor.
i have 2 kids.
i like to play baseball.
my favorite place is the mountains.
dialogue
hi how are you today
great ! i love to cook . whats your favorite dish
my favorite dish has lots of food on it
like a smorgasbord ? my is seafood
what is your job eh
i'm a cook duh lol what is yours
i am a doctor you see
that is cool . i like to swim when its hot . is that good for me doc ?
of course as long as you put on sunscreen
great . i swim in greece and india every year . that's where my fam is from
do you have any children
nope they make me puke . speaking of puke my favorite shade of color is green
persona
i am in college.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i like to party.
i love the beach.
my major is business.
persona II
lately i've been learning how to garden.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i am a musician with a day job.
i've a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
not bad . just getting ready to go to work . whats up ?
not much , just been learning how to garden lately
that is cool . hows that going for you ? any . . . vegetables ?
not yet . but i've a koi pond in my garden with a pet koi named spot
nice . do you work ? i've a part time job at the pizzeria .
i do work as an accountant but really i enjoy being a musician the most
do you ever play at parties ?
yeah i play the electric violin
awesome . . . i could party to that .
right ? one day i would like to play with my favorite band , imagine dragons
imagine dragons is a great . . . try listening to that on the beach . amazing .
that is a great idea . sounds good in my garden too
haha . . . man , i wish i was done with college . just want to start my own business
you'll get there ! work hard party harder
haha exactly ! that's exactly what i am going to do . man , i can tell you get me .
persona
i am ten years old.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
i love dogs and cats.
i have a lot of friends.
persona II
i have one little girl.
i graduated top of my class.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
my wife is a college professor.
my mother was a concert pianist.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
pretty good . how are you doing ?
good , i'm glad its friday
yes , i agree . been looking forward to the weekend all week .
agreed ! i live in the south so we are getting ready for the storm .
oh my gosh , me too . its scary stuff .
yes i am in atlanta and people are freaking out .
i am in tampa , where the eye will soon pass over . i am s . o . l .
oh no ! are you staying put ?
yes , for i live in a concert apartment
i hear traffic is awful and there's no where to stay anyway .
false ! local traffic is terrific , but the interstates are horrible .
good luck and stay safe !
thank you , do the same
persona
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i make and me by waiting tables.
i'm a college student who is a full time working mom.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
persona II
i live close to the coast.
i've red hair.
i work at a retail store.
i'm vegan.
dialogue
hi there . did you read the news about the new outlet going in at the beach ?
no . i'm too busy working and waiting on tables .
lucky . bet you meet lots of interesting ppl . what king of restaurant ?
i do . i am a mom working full time as well as a college student .
i wish i had taken management classes . what s your major ?
phd in medicine . can not wait to be a doctor and start a new life !
are you finished with your ta positions ?
i am . what do you do for a living ? i make 215 an hour .
i work retail . never going to get rich but love the clientele
that's what matters most . pointless to be rich if you hate what you do .
i have a great balance work in the field i'm passionate about and surf when off !
that's cool ! what is your favorite type of music ? i like all kinds .
for a while , red hot chili peppers but only because it s my fav color
how about a tv show ? my favorite right now is the walking dead .
no tv . os that 215 hr . what your specialty ?
oh that's 2 . 15 since i'm still a waitress .
persona
i work on a farm.
i eat eggs for breakfast.
i know how to drive a truck.
i was born in kansas.
persona II
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i currently hold three jobs.
i watch south park at least once a day.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i'm exhausted and headed to my third job
well , i do farm work ! what are your 3 jobs ? sounds like a lot !
they're boring . i hope to be an announcer for baseball someday
that sounds fun ! i am from kansas !
i have never been there . lots of farms ?
yeah , and it is really , really , really boring !
i'm sure . make things more exciting and listen to avenged sevenfold
i love that band ! do you like zip lining ? i do !
i actually proposed to my girlfriend on a zipline recently !
i hope she was happy and said yes ?
yes she did ! we have been together for 3 years .
actually , so my girlfriend and i !
do you think you'll propose soon ?
i think so , i just have to get up the nerve !
you should do it soon !
i should indeed ! i want to go to a real nice restaurant !
persona
i've always enjoyed telling stories to people.
my husband died a few years ago , so i'm raising them alone.
i work as a english teacher.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i am a mother of two daughters.
persona II
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
i am looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
hello ! how are you doing today ?
just fine ! just a relaxing day listening to music , reading , watching tv
that sounds great ! my husband used to love watching the tv but i was always a reader .
did he watch sitcoms by chance ? there's a new political thriller coming out
mostly sports and war movies . they were always too violent for the girls to watch .
do you listen to music ?
i do ! paperback writer is my favorite song . i always wanted to be a writer .
writers make great people to have conversations with
i had the best friends in college and we had the most amazing conversations .
i would talk to strangers on the subway on my way to college
i went for english and i just loved it ! what did you study ?
persona
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i have woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i love wearing name band clothing.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
persona II
i like football.
we watch the games together.
my friends like watching it to.
it s great fun.
we drink beer and eat food.
dialogue
i am a designer clothes freak . you ?
that s funny , i do love designer clothes . how are you ?
great ! night is so much better than daytime . you sing ?
never tried but i'm a night owl . do you sing
yes and i could have played pro basketball if i wanted to . you dance ?
wow that s crazy i also had a shot at the nba !
get out ! crazy women keep calling me . insomniac ?
maybe we have the same women calling too !
hmmm . i finalized my fave music list . you cook ?
i cook what i must but clearly i get a woman to
i see . gucci , vera and levi are in my closet . you play chess ?
no chess but i do play that playlist often as well
oh okay . charlie pride is on my playlist too . you workout ?
what pro baller doesn t work out ? charlie pride . . . ancient man
persona
i play a lot of video games.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i'm slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.
i love cats.
i m a lesbian.
persona II
i'm stuck in the past due to remotness.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i love the outdoors.
i am a savage.
dialogue
i'd drink my own urine before i die in the wilderness , you ?
no i could not do that but you have to do what you have to
it is a matter of life and death though
that's true . what do you do for a living
you really would not do it if it meant you would live just a bit longer ?
i do not know i have never been in that kind of situation
i've , multiple times , i live in the middle of no where
can you move somewhere closer to people
maybe , once a month people from the discovery channel collect my videos
that is cool . i'm a cake decorator
oh nice , all i eat comes from hunting . because i am married to the outdoors
that sounds fun my girlfriend loves to hunt
maybe you can find me and bring me a cake ?
lol she's better at finding people in the woods i am to much of a diva
better yet , maybe your girlfriend can find me instead then
yeah maybe she could . might do me some good i am a little overweight
persona
i have one close friend i grew up with.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i worry about money even though i am in high school.
i am dissatisfied with the school life i've had so far.
persona II
i'm an accountant.
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i enjoy running.
i have 2 dogs.
i drive a red car.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i am doing ok , hanging in there .
hope things get better . what do you do for a living ?
i'm looking for an after school job , i'm still in high school
oh , cool . i'm an accountant
wow , how did you pick that career ?
i was running when i got the idea ! i am just good at numbers .
that is cool . i need to find a job so i can move out of here asap !
do you have any pets you are gonna move with ?
no pets , my dad is too strict and mean for us to have any
i'm sorry . i have two really cool dogs
awesome ! i want to get a dog once i move out .
that would be great ! who your fave musician ?
i like avenged sevenfold
they're really good , but my fave is bruno mars
yeah he's good .
i drive a red honda . do you have a car for the job you need ?
no but my close friend drives me where ever i need to go .
oh , that's nice of them
yes we grew up together so we are kind of like sisters
that is great !
yeah i wish we were because her dad is nicer than mine
once you get a job you will be free though !
yes i know . its just do not know what kind of career i want to get into
do something you love , if possible
i hope so . i've not had the best schooling so i feel like i've been deprived
college might be able to fix that
yes i just worry about money for all of that
understandable . college costs a fortune
yes ! well , i better get to job hunting . it was nice chatting with you ! tty
persona
i love to work in my garden.
my favorite band is ween.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i am an older guy.
persona II
i work at a smoothie shop.
i go to a local college.
i watch basketball.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
i listen to classic rock.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? i'm well watching a little basketball
hi , i'm doing good . i'm having lunch .
nice . are you in college ? i attend a local one .
i have been out of college for a while . i however still listen to the band ween
what are your hobbies ? i like listening to rock that's classic
i like to be in my garden . love the outdoors
what do you do ? i make smoothies at a local shop . that sounds relaxing .
i am trying to write a book while i work in my gardening
i'm also a vegetarian . i would love to garden .
you should give it a shot . it is very relaxing
i think i may do that any suggestions for a beginner ?
start small . do not over water . or give to much sun
do you use the farmers almanac ?
i've not but i need too . i mostly wing it
my family has always had a garden .
mine has too . my dad loves it
persona
i wish my boyfriend didn't want an open relationship.
i want to get married again.
i'm angry at my coworker.
i have 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
persona II
i live alone.
i enjoy fishing.
i watch a lot of tv.
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i work on cars for a living.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
hi ! i am mad with my co worker . how are you ?
i am great . why are you mad with your co worker ?
she schemed to get promoted . i clearly have more experience 10 years in the industry
what do you do for a living ? i work on cars . not much scheming there .
i am in insurance sales . also , can you believe my bf wants an open relationship crazy !
oh no ! i don't have a boyfriend or girlfriend to deal with , thank goodness .
have you been married ? i'd like to get married again .
yes , i've been married , but not now . maybe someday .
what do you do for fun ? any hobbies ?
i like fishing and i guess i watch tv maybe too much . how about you ?
i like tv too . i have been working too much trying to get that promotion
sorry you didn't get that promotion . hang in there .
i will find something better in work and in my personal life , i am sure !
good attitude ! hard work pays off .
thanks for listening to me ! good luck to you too !
persona
i love to travel.
i like to eat pizza.
dogs are my favorite animal.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
persona II
i am 50 years old.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
i enjoy ice cream.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
dialogue
i am half of a century old today and i celebrated with ice cream .
that sounds awesome ! i'll celebrate with you . pizza style !
50 years is a long time and a lot of ice cream . pizza is good too .
i love to cook and bake but i rarely make ice cream . happy birthday ! !
thanks ! i eat ice cream every day . i like it a lot .
yum ! you should go to nyc they have a great ice cream place there .
i still use my grand parents old recipe from 0 years ago and its still good .
that sounds amazing ! can you share ? is it safe for dogs ?
we will leave the secret recipe to to our 4 children and some to our 2 dogs .
you have dogs too ! they're my favorite animal .
everybody loves dogs and ice cream but not everybody loves their kids .
that's funny and probably true ! i do not have children
oh your missing out . all 4 of our children turned out great . well except one .
the more you have the higher the chance of that happening . 3 4 is good
just joking , all 4 are great but my husband don't want them
husbands are harder to win over with the kids . is he eating ice cream ?
persona
i love animals.
i'm a vegetarian.
i make 50k a year.
i like to make clothes.
i work for peta.
persona II
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
i love game of thrones.
i am a vegan.
my brother used to be in the navy.
i like soccer.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am good and how are you
i'm eating a late dinner
i'm too veggies here
mashed potatoes and green peas are my favorite
i am a member of peta so i don't eat meat
i'm vegan too . do you watch game of thrones
i watch it all the time
i also like to watch soccer
i make 50 grand a year so i don't have time for it
do you collect anything ? like art ?
no i do not know much about that
what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is green and whats yours
persona
i am a jack of all , master of none.
i'm male.
my weakness are sweets.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i'm unsociable.
persona II
i design video games for a living.
i hate broccoli.
i'm afraid of the dark.
my mom is my best friend.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm well , thank you . how are you ?
i am good having a shopping day with my mom
oh cool . make sure to get some candy !
is that your favorite thing
it is kind of my weakness , yes .
do you like to eat veggies
they're okay , but not my favorite .
i like all but broccoli
broccoli is my favorite of them .
wow that's funny what do you do for a living
a little bit of everything , actually .
i make and play video games
that seems like a very good job .
persona
i've an internship at a computer company.
i like to go fishing.
my mom is a lawyer.
i am a student.
i have 5 children.
persona II
i'm thirty two years old.
i'm a house wife.
i cannot drive.
i am on a diet.
i have been married eight years.
dialogue
hi , how has your weekend been ?
pretty relaxing . my five kids were out of the house this weekend . you ?
it was great , my husband and i re decorated our bathroom .
fun ! i was able to catch up on homework . i am back in school , ugh .
oh work work work ! ll i did quite a bit of house work this weekend too .
thankfully my kids are good at helping , or i'd never get a chance to fish .
that is great ! we have been married with out children for eight years .
sounds relaxing ! he he he . do you like fishing or any other hobbies ?
yes , i like crafting and painting .
i like painting too . do you work ? i'm an intern for a computer company .
i don't , i'm a stay at home wife .
nice . have you thought about school ?
persona
i have trouble losing weight.
i don t cook and usually eat out.
i am a very short woman.
i love animals.
persona II
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
i m scared of left turns.
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
i have four siblings.
i drive a blue honda civic.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you
i'm so fat . but happy !
awesome . i work at mcdonalds
oh , i should eat not eat there , but i do all the time . i cannot cook .
i've four brothers and drive a blue car
i've a blue car too ! but i should walk more . i just cannot lose weight .
i don't like making left turns
those are hard . my puppy is turning left and right , all the time !
i adore my sweet puppy .
animals are so great . i love them . wish people were as nice .
me too . people are mean
people make fun of me because i'm less than five feet tall .
i'm six foot so i'm tall
in addition i'm over 200 pounds . imagine that !
wow . you can start by walking
i know i should . do you play basketball ?
persona
i am a fitness guru.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
i am a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that's why i have been a sales person all my life.
i am a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
persona II
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
winters my favorite time of the year.
i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
i am deathly terrified of heights.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
hello i am good and yourself ?
good thanks . whats your favorite time of year ?
i don't really have one . i am just a free spirited person .
very nice . i love winter ! its my favorite season !
that sounds awesome . i like adventures , been in sales all my life .
sales , nice . i get everything i need at walmart .
are you religious because i believe in god .
i am , but i've not been to services in a while .
do you love movies , because i do ?
sort of . its hard sometimes because of the snow . i love the cold !
i do fitness in my spare time , somewhat of a guru . how about you ?
persona
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i helped develop facebook.
i work as a computer programmer.
i've two pitt bulls.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
i work at a power plant.
i live in california.
my newest car is a chevy.
dialogue
hi . i just got done reading the last book in a series of ten . awesome !
that is six books too many . i am rich .
i'm blue collar . work in the warehouse district at a power plant .
i made facebook . i might own your warehouse ?
must be nice . i am from california . how about you ?
yes also cali . my pit bulls are friendly so do not worry .
my chevy can drive fast . i just won't get out of the car , lol
fast but not like my jet . did i mention i made facebook ?
yes . while you are eating fine cuisine , i'll enjoy my favorite , spaghetti .
that's some good food for all classes of people .
yeah . i do love it . italian speaks to me .
do you speak to it in italian ?
no . do you speak other languages ?
mandarin . china will own the 21st century
you think so , huh ? while that would be a change .
it will change many things . learn chinese now .
persona
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
my left knee is filled with metal.
i have 3 dogs and a parrot.
my family means the world to me.
persona II
i am not afraid of what others think.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
i can be quite forgetful.
i was raised by two mothers.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hello , i am well . i was just thinking about jazz . do you listen to it ?
no . my boyfriend does though . he says it helps with his job at nasa .
last time i had a boyfriend i got metal in my knee
oh goodness ! how did that happen to you ?
we we are walking after the dance and i tripped and fell in a pile of steel nails
oh no ! i am so sorry . my mothers would say that is something i would do .
i love my family . do you have any pets ?
no pets . my mothers own a dog though . i am too forgetful for a pet .
how nice , whats its name ? i own 3 dogs and a red horned back parrot . rare
bubba , i know my mother is bad with names and my other mom laughs at it .
how pleasant . do you like food ?
i love food . spaghetti and meatballs are the best
you ever have a little capacoal ? a little mortal ?
persona
i watch a movie sundays evenings.
i own a cat.
i talk in my sleep.
i like tacos.
persona II
my husband is a lawyer.
i have 2 kids.
i love flowers.
i have 3 dog.
dialogue
i have a son and daughter . they have dogs and cats as pets .
i love animals i have a cat .
my cats name is grayce and we like tacos . i talk about movies in my sleep .
really i love tacos . i had some tonight
my favorite movie is deception and wil on next sunday . you like tacos ?
yes i had some tacos tonight . they give me bad dreams though .
i wrote a book about cats who eat tacos while watching movies on sundays .
that is productive i just search the internet while watching movies
goat tacos are my favorite . grayce has a gps chip in her . she cannot get lost .
goat tacos i've never heard of that i did east alpaca recently though .
tacos are my family anytime food . grayce can sing and we watch movies .
i cannot sing well but i do sometimes when i talk when i am asleep
alpaca tacos sound good . i will make some for grayce and i tonight .
you should i highly recommend it
you know any good movies that wo not give me nightmares ?
umm how about a superhero movie ?
persona
i'm a librarian.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i love going to concerts.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
persona II
i've five children.
i am married to a man.
i like crocheting.
i love cats.
i'm a woman.
dialogue
hey ! hows it going tonight ?
hi there , not bad , how are you doing ?
great ! chatting and crocheting lol
wow nice combination , i'm eating pasta , italian is my favorite kind of food
i cook great italian or so my husband and 5 kids say lol
5 kids ? you should go out more often , for example , i like going to concerts
haha i really should get out more ! mostly , i am home with the family and our cats
i love cats , i am volunteering at an animal shelter
oh that's cool ! whats your favorite animal to work with ?
cats and dogs , i take my cat to work , i work in the library
reading is one of my all time favorite things to do ! ! !
nice , tell me something else about you that i do not know
hmmm i could eat mexican food every day of my life ! ! ! !
i live in california , i know my burritos
persona
i like to visit places around the world.
i have been to every state except alaska.
i like to paddle board.
i like to swim in the lake.
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
persona II
i am a vegetarian.
i love to surf.
i love pandas.
i'm starting a new juicing bar.
dialogue
how are u doing today
i'm good , thanks for asking . how are you ?
i am good and not a problem
do you have any hobbies ?
yes i like to bake cakes
wow ! i am outdoorsy . i love swimming and paddle boarding in the river .
i love to swim to
i like to travel , i have only been out of the country once .
i have never been out the country
its fun . i usually spend my weekends in a cabin overlooking the river .
i bet it is if you like not being in the country
yes that is true . i have been to 49 50 states still need to go to alaska .
damn that is cool and alaska to cold for me
it will probably be on my list for awhile .
persona
i'm an artist.
i enjoy hiking.
i speak french and english fluently.
i've two border collies.
persona II
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my mother worked for apple.
i like video games.
i have never been employed.
i'm diabetic.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
hello there lad , how are you today ?
i am doing ok what do you do for a living
i don't do much i am a artist .
that sounds fun to do you must be creative . i have never had to work
nice . i do not look at it as work lol
seems awesome . my mom helped develop an apple phone
awesooommeeee i speak 2 languages fluently
that is great what languages do you know
english an french i also love to hike for fun .
i play video games and listen to music
cool i have a few collies .
persona
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i m currently looking for employment.
i'm colour blind.
my favourite band is rush.
persona II
my landlord is raising my rent.
i am an excellent baker.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
i was born on christmas day.
i went to law school.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hello the weather here is great , sunny and warm
it is warm here too
it is a great day to go job hunting
what kind of job are you looking for
i am hoping to get a job as a barista because i speak three languages
what languages do you speak
i speak english and french and spanish fluently
that's pretty great . when did you learn
i taught myself french and i learned spanish in high school
that's very nice . i bet you can get a good job .
where do you work
i'm a paralegal and bake on the side
i'm not a good baker but i do like to cook
i love to make cookies and cakes
i love to eat cookies and cakes
persona
i'm gay but i have not told my parents yet.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i like comic books and anime.
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
persona II
i play jazz piano in a band.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i am a barista.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
my family is from algeria.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i can also say this in french and arabic
bien , y tu aujourd hui ?
wow ! i am impressed ! where are you from ? my family comes from algeria
i am from north america . i learned french was in 9th grade . that was years ago
what do you do ? i make coffee
i work from home . and i just opened my own online clothing shop in august
congrats ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 if you want to check it out
thanks ! i like hiking on weekends . what music do you like ?
thank you . in my spare time i go bike riding with my family and write poetry
that's nice ! i like jazz music and play the piano in a band , which i enjoy
i like rap , r b , jazz , and reggae music
nice ! do you have any pets ?
no . but i used to have a feist dog that doesn't grow anymore
persona
my mother was a concert pianist.
i have one little girl.
my wife is a college professor.
i graduated top of my class.
persona II
i like to dance.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i'm in preschool.
i'm a girl.
i like to play outside.
dialogue
do you want to go out to play ?
i'm a bit old for that , but my little girl might like too .
maybe she's in my preschool class ? i like zebras .
do you like music ? and she might be , where do you live ?
there's a white house , then a brown house , and then my house .
what color is your house !
yellow ! i like dancing . i like to twirl my dress .
i love yellow too , my mother played piano in concerts !
what is a concert ? is it outside ? i want to go play outside .
yes it is , can be outdoor , my wife might teach you someday ! she's a professor .
i like my preschool teacher . she's nice .
what is your favorite subject ?
i learned my abcs . a b c d e f g !
that's amazing , you are going to graduate top of your class like me !
are you in school ? how high can you count ?
all the way to infinity if i try hard enough .
persona
i use to be a wild child.
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i ve always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i like the color blue or red.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
persona II
i work as a veterinarian.
my birthplace is spain.
i am a vegetarian.
my favorite music is hip hop.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
hi i am doing ok how are you
very well thank you . what do you do for work ?
i work on the farm i live in the country
do you have animals ? i'm a veterinarian .
yes i do my indoor pets are my dogs rambo and zelda
how nice ! i'm an animal lover , so i have decided to become a vegetarian
i couldn't give up meat . do you travel any
i love to travel . my favorite place is to go back home to spain occasionally
i want to go to ireland one day i visit nyc sometimes i like the city
i love nyc . they have great hip hop clubs
yeah they do i like it as a get away
where do you currently live ?
upstate new york near jamestown ny
i bet it gets very cold in winter . i am more of a summer person !
yeah it does but you get use to it after a while
persona
i talk in my sleep.
i watch a movie sundays evenings.
i like tacos.
i love folk metal.
i own a cat.
persona II
i'm not a good artist.
i have shot a lion.
i want to climb mount everest.
i like to play with clay models.
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
i'm doing good . where do you work ?
at a medical office answering phones , filing paperwork . you ?
i want to be an artist . but i am terrible .
what type of art do you do ?
of things i have done in life . like my guns .
you sound more interesting than me
not really . guns are interesting not me .
do not know much about guns , limited to what i see in movies
you just gotta learn . i shoot clay come do it
mmm , i would probably miss and hit a car or something .
huoh ! i shot a lion once
no , do not tell me that ! i'm a cat person , well own one at least
persona
i played football in high school.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
i'm a roofer.
i always have a beer after work.
persona II
i practice yoga daily.
i have a marketing job.
i'm a vegan.
i am trying to build my online business.
i also meditate a lot.
dialogue
oh , i did not notice you . i was meditating .
where do you meditate ? i do on the football field
wherever i am , sometimes at work , sometimes holding up traffic .
i drive a big truck with lifted wheels , what do you drive ?
i drive a tiny cute car , that's not bad for the environment
where do you work ? i always pound back a beer when i finish .
marketing mostly , i am my own boss
that is awesome , i would be the guy who does the shingles on your roof !
cool . come do my roof for me
i'll as long as we can have a drink or two after .
okay , i love drinking it will be really fun
did you ever play football ?
no . i do not like doing things that hurt .
ok we do not have to play , anything else fun about you ?
persona
i need a wheel chair to get around.
i am a female.
i've 2 kids.
i hate tomatoes.
persona II
i get along better with animals than people.
i am always looking for wildlife when i am outside.
i have several different breeds of pets.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
dialogue
hello how is your weekend going ?
good so far . . how about urs ?
its going well . spent the day outside . do you have any pets ?
no . . i have kids though
how many kids ? i've several different kinds of pets , but no kids .
2 kids . . . boy 4 years . . girl 2 years
i prefer spending time with animals lol . your kids are young !
too young . . they are adorable
i will bet . are they in school ?
not yet . . they are in preschool
so you get a little break during the day then !
yaa . . a little bit . . i work from home
persona
i drive a nice car.
i work all the time.
my family is very important to me.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my brothers work with me.
persona II
winter is my favorite season.
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
my parents are lawyers.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
dialogue
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine thank you jesus .
welcome to the restaurant ! i am doing well , how are you ?
oh so sweet thanks i don't order somethings on the internet
i work and work and work , no one ever orders . what brings you in ?
my mom and dad are public defenders working is okay .
at the courthouse down the street , right ? family is so important !
yes they are . i can not stand wearing small swim suits
funny , my brothers also work here , they wear speedos at the pool ! repulsive , i tell you .
i like the winter it is the best season better then summer . oh cool .
winter is no fun , i cannot drive my sports car with the top down .
i do not order on the internet i do not think i need to .
well , we have the best spaghetti in town here ! my restaurant is the best .
wow you have a sports car that is so cool . you are so nice .
well , i work hard to provide for my family , but i get something too !
really wish i could grab a taste nice chatting sweetie god bless you .
have a great day , tell your parents to stop in sometime !
persona
i have appeared on the show jeopardy.
i make pottery.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
persona II
i am in school.
i love the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
i am married.
i work 2 jobs.
dialogue
