my husband and i've two jobs . you married ?
i am not anymore . i used to be an alcoholic .
i see . i go to beaches after school . you like beaches ?
beaches are nice . i sometimes make my pottery on the beach .
oh okay . i love blue on everything . how many jobs you have ?
i only work one . i finally moved out of the storage locker i lived in .
great ! you enrolled in school ? doug is my husband .
no . but i am really smart . i was on jeopardy .
get out ! me too ! when ? blue , married and two jobs . that's me .
a few years ago . when did you appear ?
yesterday ! our beaches make me happy . you like the color blue ?
blue is a great color . i like red too .
hmmm . you make red and blue pottery ?
i make all kinds of pottery .
persona
i'm a nurse and work in an emergency room at a busy hospital.
i'm single.
i paddle board on my days off.
i am buying a house.
persona II
black coffee is my addiction.
my family gets together every saturday.
my favorite hobby is gardening.
my husband died last year.
dialogue
hello . how are you this evening ?
i am ok , just go off work i am a nurse in an emergency room . how are you ?
i'm well , i have been with my family all day !
you sound like your day was as busy as mine at a busy hospital .
yes . it was fun . we did some gardening .
that sounds fun , on my days off i paddle board .
i used to do that with my husband , but he died last year
sorry to hear that . did he garden with you ?
yes , he knew it was my favorite hobby . you married ?
no single , i am buying a house and will have a garden there .
nice . i love sipping coffee while enjoying my garden
do you have a veggie garden , or flowers ?
a little bit of both . when will you move to your new house ?
i've not heard back yet , but i put in an offer .
persona
i play football.
i had 128 tackles last year.
my position is linebacker.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i'm an athlete.
persona II
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
i'm a travel agent.
my parents own a business that i am now running.
i like fitness.
dialogue
hello my name is jack and i'm a travel agent
hi football player here , how are you doing ?
i am doing well , gonna be traveling to barbados within a month for business .
great . i play for the baltimore ravens so i have some games coming up
that is awesome ! ! ! i like to stay fit , heading to the gym 5 times a week
awesome , being a linebacker i get alot of exercise , besides the gym !
yeah that makes sense , my parents own a business which i run ,
i always wanted to run a business but being an athlete keeps me pretty busy
yeah i mean there are athletes out there that find time to run a business
last year alone i made 128 tackles so i'm concentrating that for now
oh ok that's pretty impressive ! !
when i retire from the baltimore ravens maybe i'll open a sports store
that sounds like a good plan goal to have !
its fun but with hours of practice every day its alot of work
it is a lot of work , that's your job
when my athletic career ends i think either sports store or bar in my future
persona
i only listen to opera.
i get up at 4am everyday.
i've never been to canada.
i live in a condo.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i recently graduated from college.
so i started a small business.
i'ven t had luck with finding a job.
it s been doing better than i expected.
i sell miscelaneous stuff in local fairs.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
great . i am having my favorite food , steak , today .
oh . i'm going to look for a job today .
good luck finding a job .
thank you . i haven't had any so far .
i like my job . it les me pay for my condo .
i started a small computer business .
why are you looking for a job then ?
i'm not making enough money to pay rent .
that's too bad . like i said good luck .
thank you ! do you have any hobbies ?
opera is one of them .
oh , i know nothing about opera .
i only listen to it .
persona
i really enjoy making friends.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i play the trumpet.
i am in my high school band.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
persona II
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
i draw comic books.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i am good , excited to learn more about you i like making new friends
right on . tell me about yourself . what do you do for work ?
when i am older i want to be a movie director .
what kind of movies ? i work on comic books .
you do ? that is awesome ! action movies . my dad and i own over 600 .
wow . that's a lot . at night i'm a doorman for a punk venue .
you like punk ? i love music i play trumpet in my high school band .
so did i ! i am very passionate about music .
wow ! looks like we have a lot in common . it was great talking to you
i agree . it was very nice to talk to you too .
unless you want to talk some more . i don't have to rush out the chat .
it is late . but i am up for that for a minute .
ok , so what else do you like ?
i play bass in a metal band and help run sound for metal shows .
wow ! here i am talking about the trumpet when your instrument is way cooler .
i play everything . bass , guitar , drums . i am an instrument guy .
so lets chat more soon ! i've to go there is school tomorrow . til next time .
persona
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i have a terrible singing voice.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
persona II
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i like to go to the movies.
dialogue
hello . how are you tonight ?
pretty good , thank you . how about you ?
that is good to hear . i am tired . 3 jobs for 6 years is tiring .
that is crazy , i don't know how you do it . what do you do ?
i work on cars , favorite is a mustang . i also raise pits and chihuahuas .
that sounds interesting . i am a cook at a local restaurant .
i walk 2 miles to my favorite restaurant everyday .
burning off some calories before stuffing your face , eh ? smart !
yes exactly ! i also walk to the movies at least once a week .
i love being active and being outside . i hiked the appalachian trail last summer .
that's so cool . i have never been there myself .
i definitely recommend it . what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to play music . it is a passion of mine .
what kind of music do you play ?
persona
i am athletic.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a freshman in college.
i've never broken a bone.
persona II
i love to go horseback riding.
i have three daughters.
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
i am a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
dialogue
hi there ! how is it going ?
oh its good . just got in from my class .
oh really ? what are you studying ?
i am a psych major , in my freshman year .
well i'm not saying anything else . . . jk
nah , i do not know enough to analyze you yet .
you better stay away from my anus
mmm . . . i think i am good .
do like the police ? cause i'm police
i have no issues with the police . never had to run from them .
that is cool . i ride a horse to work
i do run though , have to work off my favorite food , pizza .
scuba diving is a workout i guess
never gone , kind of scares me .
persona
i don't have children.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i enjoy shopping.
i work five days a week.
persona II
i've never been on a date.
i adopted all my dogs.
i love to read.
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am great , first day off in a while . yourself ?
i am hanging out with my dogs
i love dogs , i don't have kids so my pets are my kids .
i've five rescue dogs
i love rescue dogs , where i attend yoga they have adoptable dogs there .
that's so cool yoga and puppies
yes , like the cat cafes but dogs on yoga . do you have hobbies ?
i read a lot what about you
my husband complains that shopping is my hobby .
i love shopping what stores do you like
i like mom and pop type places rather than large ones . you ?
persona
i like horseback riding.
my favorite food is cheese.
i m allergic to shellfish.
i love going to concerts and dancing hard.
persona II
i recently broke up with my girlfriend.
i work nights now and like my job.
i have two dogs.
i m a 30 year old male.
dialogue
hey hello this evening to you
good evening to you ! what are you doing ?
cleaning up sad about my girl
what happened to your girl ?
she left me i cannot believe it
why did she leave you ?
i do not know i miss her so
you should call her and ask her to come home .
i'll but i work nights she hates it
what kind of work do you do ?
i work on these phones i hate
i mostly hang out in clubs .
which ones ? i miss her so much
the big one in town . i also like anything equestrian .
persona
i'm a vegetarian.
i work for peta.
i love animals.
i make 50k a year.
persona II
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
i want to be a doctor when i graduate.
i am headed to university of michigan in the fall.
dialogue
good morning , hows it going ?
great ! just finished breakfast , now heading back to work . how are you ?
enjoying my last days of summer , college bound in october .
what are you going to school for ?
i want to save lives so a doctor i shall be
that's a great profession , i prefer to work with animals .
cool . i like animals but cannot have any , allergies .
do you currently work as a medical professional while attending school ?
nope i'm just a student , how about you ?
i'm done with school and work with animals now with peta .
interesting . you save the animals .
yup , its a rewarding job . the pay is not horrible either .
persona
i am an american citizen.
i love pizza.
going to the beach is my favorite past time.
my son is a football player.
persona II
my brother thinks he is a viking.
my masters degree is in italian literature.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
i've a pet skunk.
dialogue
hello , my name is sven .
hi ! my name is tracy . how are you ?
i'm doing great . where are you from tracy ?
atlanta , how about you ?
i've a nice attic apartment in portland oregon .
that sounds nice . is it cold there yet ? it is still warm here .
its starting to get cold . i cuddle up with my pet skunk .
ha ! cold for me is under 60 degrees . i am a southern wimp .
i'm used to cold my brother thinks he is a viking and likes the cold .
what do you do for fun ?
i read italian literature , you ?
i read as well and garden .
i have a masters degree in italian literature , its a passion .
very cool ! enjoy your weekend !
persona
i am always early to everything.
i work in a factory.
i love to tell jokes.
i hope to change the world.
persona II
i like to make boats on the weekends.
i am a closet cannibal.
i've a dog named bob.
i enjoy fishing.
dialogue
i lost my dog bob fishing , i hope that i find him soon .
i'm sorry to hear that
i'm lonely making boats without bob around .
what do you do for a living ?
make boats and think about eating people
are you sure you want to do that ?
just think about it , i would never do it , easier to eat fish
you would never run out of food
i hope bob finds something to eat , i think i hear him scratching at the door .
what are you gonna feed him ?
it is him ! i am going to cook him a steak .
what kind of a steal ?
t bone , i got to get the bbq going
what city are you from
san francisco and where are you from ?
i'm from so cal inland empire
persona
i only wear silver jewelry.
i have a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i work in a doctor s office.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
persona II
i love tuna.
i live in cape hatteras.
my favorite is rock fish.
i m going riding on my boat today.
i am a fisherman.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm doing great today
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to study and get tattoos
i enjoy fishing . i am going out on my boat today .
it must be nice having a boat
i enjoy it . i also fish for a living . you ?
i do not like to be outside
where do you live ? i'm in nc . cape hatteras .
i'm in new york
i love being outside . especially at the beach .
do you live by one
yes , i actually live right on the beach .
that must be really nice
persona
i drive a honda civic.
i work at a retail store.
my favorite movie is django unchained.
i love rock climbing.
persona II
i work on a farm.
i eat eggs for breakfast.
i know how to drive a truck.
i love chickens.
i was born in kansas.
dialogue
how are ya friend ? fine day for farming !
it is a nice day , though i'm rock climbing ! are you a farmer ?
yes sir ! got me a whole pile of chickens . what do you do ?
i work in retail ; not as exciting ! though i do drive a pretty sweet honda civic .
ha , my v8 hemi truck would squish that little thing . where you work ?
at a store ; we sell movies , like my favourite django unchained . what do you do for fun ?
that is a good one . back home in kansas we hunted and fished when we could !
that sounds fun ! i love the outdoors ; have you ever been rock climbing ?
i'd try . farming is routine , eggs for breakfast , chores all day . boring !
i bet a routine is comforting though . retail is too stressful ! where is your farm ?
yup . farm is in kansas , i'm here to sell livestock . where you from ?
i'm from new york ; what sort of livestock do you sell ?
from the big city ! chickens mostly , love them birds . good money too .
that's great ! well , good luck with your farming , i hope it goes great !
persona
i weight 300 pounds.
i am not healthy.
i am a man.
i like the movie godfather.
persona II
i just bought my first home.
i love to barbecue.
i live in springfield , mo.
i'm a writer.
dialogue
hello how are you , i am new to the springfield , mo area
hi ! seen any good movies lately ?
i have been to the movies
i love the godfather . one of my favorites ! was that filmed in springfield ?
i don't believe so i don't watch movies more of a writer
what do you write about ? any diet books ? i could use one . i am not very healthy .
i write about bbq so sorry no diet books
i love bbq ! i am a 300 pound man . bbq got me here !
i am able to eat so much bbq because i do projects around my house
what kind of projects do you do ?
well it is my first house so i have painted and redid the bathroom
i love the home remodeling shows . very interesting !
other then movies and eating what do you do for fun ?
i read a lot of novels and write articles .
persona
i love to bake cakes.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i m really short.
i've a twin brother.
persona II
i have three dogs at home.
i have a bicycle.
i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
i hate to workout , but i need to.
i'm very good at the drums.
dialogue
hi ! what do you do for fun ?
i like to bake how about you ?
i like banging on the drums ! do you have pets ?
so you like music , what type of music do you like ? no . i've no pets .
i have three dogs . one of them is a service dog . i like rock music
what else do you like to do ? i love to read .
i like riding my bike . and i really should work out more but i hate it
working out is hard for me , some of the equipment is to tall for me .
so does yoga help lower blood sugar ?
i am not sure . but healthier eating could help lower your blood sugar .
that would be helpful . i've to measure every day .
there are a lot of healthy recipe boks out there that could be helpful .
i'll have to look those up . i've to count my carbs regularly
you know carbs turn into sugar so you should limit those to help .
exercise lowers it too but i do not do it as much as i should
maybe it would help if you had someone to work out with , to keep you accountable .
persona
i like to take cold showers.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i drive a moped.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
persona II
i've 2 kids.
my husband is a lawyer.
i've 3 dog.
i work at a vet.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i am good , how are you ? do you like video games ?
they are okay ! don't have much time for them though , i've work and 2 girls .
that would be a handful . i unwind with halo 3 . how do you have fun ?
hanging out with my girls and husband . he is busy a lot though , he is a lawyer .
wow i'd have trouble keeping eye contact with people in that job .
same . i work as a kennel assistant . that's how i got 3 dogs . you ?
i want one , but with my moped , i could not transport them . what breeds ?
pug , boston terrier , and a lab mix ! they are a handful .
nice . my shower only spouts cold water , too ; would be tricky to bathe them .
aw that sucks ! how do you bathe ?
coldly . but you get used to it . tell me more about you .
hmm there's not much else i can think of , what about you ?
i work as a bakers assistant .
that sounds awesome ! i bet you get sick of sweets , huh ?
oh yeah . i am the mayor of carb city .
persona
i ride horses.
i collect vintage cars.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i have many homes.
persona II
i've a cat.
i love to sew.
i wait tables at a cafe.
my mother was a nurse.
dialogue
hello how are you today
doing great . i had a delicious vegetarian meal for dinner
i'm doing great although my feet hurt from waiting tables at a cafe
i bet that is a tough job . i'm in real estate
when did you become a vegetarian ? what influenced you ?
i don't always eat vegetarian , it is about my health
i can understand that . i try to watch what i eat as well
i love horseback riding , what do you do for fun ?
i like to make clothes by sewing
that is a very cool hobby . i like old cars
what make and models do you like
it is the history that draws me . i love them all
my mom worked as a nurse and so i followed her lead and became a nurse
that sounds like a rewarding career
helping people get well is very rewarding
good for you . i help people by fixing up the houses i sell
persona
people say i talk when i m not supposed to.
i could eat less.
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
i hate that my mom made me get braces.
persona II
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my son plays on the local football team.
i'm trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
dialogue
hey , friend . how is it going ?
hey ! going well . miserable with these braces on .
yeah , my son hated his braces a lot back when he wore them .
my mom told me i had to get them to fix my teeth .
your mom is right . it is important to take care of teeth . how old are you
i'm 13 . when i grow up i hope i get to be a veterinarian .
my son is about your age and he wants to be a football player .
football is fun . i'm not in good enough shape for sports .
me neither ! i spend too much time making video games .
you make video games ? that sounds like a fun job .
it is . i've done over 65 games and i want to start my own company .
that is very impressive . i hope i'm successful like you when i grow up .
work hard and i'm sure you'll be ! do you like ponies ?
i do like ponies ! i draw them all the time ! ! !
they're lovely animals . my wife is a fan of them .
they're beautiful . i love making them different colors in my drawings .
persona
i am a musician with a day job.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
lately i have been learning how to garden.
persona II
i'm 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.
i really like cake and don't prefer vegetables.
i am almost finished with my degree.
i take care of my mother and father.
i have one sister and a niece and nephew.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
hi i am good . how about yourself
very well , thank you . where do you live ? i'm from ireland
i'm in new york . what is ireland like ?
the meat and potatoe country ! i would rather eat sweets though
i feel the same
i never got to finish school . i take care of my parents
that's so hard . do you have hobbies ? i like to play the electric violin
i enjoy being with my sister and her kid
do you have a niece or nephew ? i just have a koi fish
i've both ! i wish i had a fish . is your fish big ?
that's awesome ! i've a koi named spot
spot ! one day i will get a fish
its hard work making sure the temperature of the pond is just right
persona
i like wide , open spaces.
i have 10 alpacas.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i'm active on my city council.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
persona II
i love comic books.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my favorite hero is superman.
my name is todd.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well . i'm taking care of some farm animals this morning
sounds fun ! i'm todd what is your name ?
my name is morgan . i've a house that has 5 acres of land .
nice ! any hobbies ? i am really into comic books .
i tend to travel as a hobby , but i really like building small things .
traveling is great ! have you gone anywhere recently ?
i recently gone to new york not so long ago during the summer .
awesome ! do you have any favorite super heros ? mine is superman
iron man and wonder woman are mine . have you seen any alpaca up close ?
i've not are they nice ?
the ones i've are nice . i've 10 of them .
wow that is a lot !
yeah . i don't use them for anything but their wool when they shed for knitting
i bet you can make nice things from their wool .
yes . are you doing anything interesting today ?
persona
i like wide , open spaces.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i've 10 alpacas.
i am active on my city council.
persona II
i worry about money even though i'm in high school.
i'm dissatisfied with the school life i've had so far.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
my dad is very strict with his kids.
i have one close friend i grew up with.
dialogue
hi there i'm in high school
hello ! i'm an animal lover ! you
that is cool . i can't wait to graduate and move out
ahahah . i bet ! its not all that fun
do you have a favorite animal ?
alpacas ! i've 10 of them !
wow ! do you raise them for money ?
yep ! my husband and i have them on 5 acres !
neat my dad is very strict we can event get a cat !
that sucks ! i'm so sorry !
its ok my best friend lives on a farm so i can see hers
nice ! its a lot of work having alpacas . they are so needy !
persona
i have depression and anxiety so i don't really go out a lot.
i have a cat.
i work at home , editing.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
i hope to move out soon.
persona II
i like cosplay.
i love watching tv and movies.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
dialogue
i just missed my favorite show ! !
me too ! we just got the power back on after the hurricane hit .
same here . now i will have to hope to catch the encore of game of thrones
me , my dad and brother missed the season finale of preacher .
bet they're upset . i hear its a good show
it is . we are just thrilled we have ac again . its calming my anxiety .
i have spent the day watching movies and tv . not mch else to do considering .
i took a hot shower when the water heater came back up . it helped so much .
i bet . has the storm impacted your work any ?
well , no power made it impossible to get on the net . i kept busy when i could .
you are a developer or it specialist ?
hardware . but we use the net a lot for drivers , updates , etc .
persona
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i am younger then 46.
i like the taste of cheese.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i hate to drive.
persona II
i m taking online classes.
i wait tables.
my favorite flower is a rose.
my hair is long and brown.
dialogue
i'm doing an online study while waiting tables . i have a brown hair and love rose
that does not make sense but ok . i'm eating cheese because i like it .
why do you like it ? its not good .
yes it is very good . i like how it taste .
its made from a cow humans do not need cow milk
for my 46th birthday i'm going on a tour of a cheese factory
why you really love the cheese ?
not all comes from cow and some is made from calf stomach but its good
but still its not safe have you watch the film what the health ?
i've to take 4 pills every day to stay alive . i call them lifesavers
just eat fruits and vegetables it will help you a lot
milk in the us is safe but not from other countries . especially china is bad
but cow in the us don't eat grass they eat processed food
you watched the wrong video . all of our farms are have laws and standards .
you watch the wrong farms lol
i know people who own those farms so i know its good and clean .
persona
my car broke down last week.
i like to fly kites.
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
i work out every other day.
persona II
my hair is a reddish brown.
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
although i ski down high hills , i've a fear of heights.
i broke my arm skiing once.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
i am good . just finished flying kites which i really like . and you ?
that sounds fun . i am a competitive skier .
sounds exciting ! i am totally into rugby . it is my favorite .
i've never played . is it hard ?
i mainly watch it and my neighbor is constantly at my place to watch with me .
that is so nice . no one comes to watch me , they say its too cold .
that is sad . do you work out ? i do every other day .
not during ski season , i burn a lot of calories that way .
do you walk a lot . i'm now as my car ended up breaking down last week .
i do . i have to make it up the mountain .
it sounds like a real challenge to try .
it is . it is a great workout . you should try .
it certainly does sound like something interesting to try .
what are your hobbies ? anything unusual ?
i like collect key chains . what about you ?
persona
i am currently listening to bach.
i graduated from princeton.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
i travel at least once a year.
persona II
i have 3 cats.
i dye my hair blonde.
i'm an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
i'm doing great ! thanks for asking . how are you today ?
great up here with my 3 cats haha
do you travel very much with so many pets ?
yes i do , i enjoy going to foreign countries
what is your favourite thing to do ?
that would be traveling , what about you ?
i like to travel to different museums , at least annually .
nice do you have brothers and sisters
yes , i've a brother and a sister . what about you ?
i am the only child , that's sounds cool having bro and sis
yeah . what is your favourite kind of music ?
i enjoy jazz and r and b
cool . where did you go to college ?
persona
i like to live off of the land.
i am a free spirit.
i am all about family and fun.
my parents were like this as well.
the idea of working is not my cup of tea.
persona II
my nails are painted green.
my master s degree is in italian literature.
i've a pet skunk.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
my brother thinks he s a viking.
dialogue
hey hows it going tonight ?
goodnight i am so tired .
i hear that . i am over here feeding my pet skunk . what about you
i have a very free spirit .
oh ? how do you mean my good sir
thinking of ways to not work ever .
haha i know what you mean . i am gonna paint my nails . any good color ?
i enjoy surviving off of nature .
youre a wild man i see . lets fight to the death
pink is a great color . sine it is fun
i see . i was thinking more of a green color
i am just like my parents totally consumed with fun and family .
the apple doesn't fall far from the tree i guess haha
green is cool since winter is approaching .
winter is coming . . . lol my brother swears he a viking or something
awesome getting to know you good night .
persona
i enjoy playing video games.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i'd rather stay up late than get up early.
i'm the youngest sibling in my family.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
persona II
i am a vet tech.
i love to read.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
dialogue
hello friend ! just got home from church
hi there just got home from work .
i've been a christian for many years and love my church
that sounds very nice i enjoy to learn new things .
i like to read stephen king books too
i like to read but i love to play video games
i only play simple ones lol
i am very inquisitive so i play the hard ones
i am usually too busy at work with my job as a vet tech love animals
i love animals too i was youngest kid so i couldn't have one
www . i've a cat named radar
that's nice i am kind of a night bug i stay up late
i've been known to be a night owl myself .
yeah i would rather stay up late then get up early in the day
me too i totally understand
what kind of foods do you like
persona
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i'm very shy.
i am content with my life.
i have never had alcohol.
persona II
i've an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
i only eat organic food.
i own two snakes.
i collect comic books.
dialogue
hey , how are you today ?
hey i'm doing ok how are you doing
good , good ! i am doing great thanks . so , what are your hobbies ?
i just love playing with my best friend , my german shepard
awesome ! is he a good boy ?
she's very protective but friendly . i do not like talking much so do not have many friends
who needs friends when you have a dog !
that is very true dogs are more loyal than some friends
absolutely ! dogs are always loyal . so , where are you from ?
i live in boston but from pittsburg
cool ! boston is a great city .
yeah i do not fit in sometimes because i do not drink never have
persona
i live at home with my dad and brother.
i work at home , editing.
i've a cat.
i've depression and anxiety so i don t really go out a lot.
persona II
my son is a straight a student.
i work in a warehouse.
i've a very tone body.
my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.
i've a collection of video games.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
hi i am doing great how are you
doing alright kid woke me up last night getting ready for work
aww did he she have a nightmare i have those sometimes
hope you get better sleep and just going for a run
thanks . what do you do for a living
make money and got to go to the store . you ?
i'm an editor for a magazine get to work from home
fun sunday coming up just a good day to relax
yeah it is me and my brother watch tv with our dad
drives is relaxing my wife and i like to hit the road at our age
do yall go to a lot of places
well since son doing so well in school we will go to orlando
that is a nice place to go i went there one summer and loved it
persona
i am a cat owner.
i speak fluent italian.
i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
my mom is an osteopath.
my brother is an archaeologist.
persona II
i like to wear red.
i drive a red car.
i wear a red purse.
i use red lipstick.
i like to wear red shoes also.
dialogue
hola , my name is rosa .
hi , mine is kathy . i love cats ! they're too cute !
i love cats too . i have a ginger cat .
well don't let me near it or i might steal it ! j ! do you have siblings ?
nah , just me and ginny the ginger cat . do you drive ?
i do , but i'm not very good at it . is it a hobby of yours ?
i do like to take road trips in my red car .
red , ay ? my mom says that is an evil color that has bad karma .
really ? i've red everything , purse , lipstick .
ink , my mom is kinda crazy
would she think my red shoes are evil ?
she's a crazy person . she's an osteopath . my brother is cool though .
persona
i work at a animal clinic.
i love the summer.
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love mexican food.
persona II
my mother is from russia.
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
she died when i was 18.
i've a dog.
she taught me to cook.
dialogue
hey there , i learned to cook from my mom before she died .
i am sorry to hear that she passed . she left you with a great skill .
i was only eighteen when she passed but three years later , i own a restaurant .
is it mexican ? i love mexican food .
it is russian cuisine , that is where she was from . mexican is good though .
have you travelled there before ? my kids love social media and have friend over the world
i haven't . my dog is the security . he looks vicious but he is gentle .
i'm a vet at an animal clinic , i love animals .
how long have you been a vet ?
8 years , do you have plans for the summer ? i love summer
working every day . it is our busy season .
oh my , but you should take sometime out for you and enjoy a summer day .
i take a couple of weeks in the winter and go skiing .
sounds like fun ! me and winter have a love hate relationship .
persona
i love meat.
i've a new job selling cars.
i love to paint pictures.
my wife use to be a teacher.
persona II
i love comics.
i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
and also love drawing.
dialogue
hi how are you on this beautiful day ?
i am well . how was your day ?
it was long ! i write comics and i was rejected from a publisher today .
i'm sorry to hear that . i could help , i paint pictures .
i love to paint and draw . i also love what i do with the comics .
my wife was a teacher so we both enjoy comics . i also sell cars .
i have thought about a new profession if i get rejected again .
i just started this profession . i take my lunch because i enjoy meat .
i am vegetarian trying very hard to be vegan .
that's great . good luck to you !
thank you ! the only thing is i really love cheese !
after giving that up you will be a vegan . good job .
good luck with your car sales . everyone needs a car !
thank you ! have a great day !
persona
i've a toddler.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
i work for a beer distributor.
i'm married.
persona II
i'm allergic to shellfish and cats.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i like having my back scratched.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello i am good ? do you work
i'm still in school . what do you do for a living
i as a beer distributor
that sounds like its a lot of driving .
i can be . are you into music ? i love taylor swift
i like kane brown he is a new artist
he does country i know his music . do you have kids ?
wow you know of kane to that is awesome . no i am to young for kids
i've a 1 year old daughter
is she close to her terrible twos
my husband and i are worried about that
i'm sure it won't be that bad . i wish my mom would share her shoes
you want your moms shoes ? do you like shoes ?
i only have a pair she has over 400 pairs its not fair
400 she must spend everything she has on shoes
persona
my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
i love most music except country and jazz.
i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
persona II
i like folk music.
i love to hike.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i work in marketing.
dialogue
hey how are you today
i am good . just listening to music . you ?
i'm watching halloween movies . what kind of music do you like
almost all , with jazz and country not really my thing .
i listen to folk music it is so popular around here
love watching halloween movies in october . love halloween so .
halloween is one of my favorites too . do you like to hike
where are you from . in the us ?
i live near the appalachian mountains
hiking is good . do most exercise at the gym .
i do not have time for the gym i can only hike on weekends .
those mountains go through a few states right ?
yeah they do . where do you work
what takes up your time ?
i market a nursing home
i'm a professional painter .
persona
i love to go shopping.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i teach first grade.
i drink lots of iced tea.
persona II
my name is dave.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i love hiking and staying fit.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
dialogue
hey anyone up for some fishing at the lake this weekend ?
only if we get pizza
maybe for you , i'll pass , gotta stay healthy being a personal trainer
that's a nice job to have
it is a grind really , but i love staying fit , fishing and hiking .
i'm a teacher so that keeps me in shape
i bet . name is dave by the way and from downtown vegas .
want to go shopping with me and drink iced tea
rather go hiking but hey tea sounds nice .
we could do both then
sounds good , what is your name ?
my name is rufus and yours ?
i'll pm you my number rufus . look forward to meeting you over tea .
that sounds great thank you and can't wait
persona
i play piano.
my father is dead.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my hair is short.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i like going to the moves.
i've 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i'm on a keto diet.
dialogue
hello , how has your day been ?
its been ok , playing the piano makes me happy
listening makes my dogs happy , and me
glad to hear that . i just got my hair cut too short
are you male or female , was your hair long ?
female , it was longer . my significant other is army , you ?
also female work in entertainment . is your so deployed ?
yes , i worry he wo not come home . my dad was killed over there .
that is terrible , their service is appreciated , as is your sacrifice .
thank you . i appreciate you saying that .
praying for a homecoming just in time for your hair to be grown back
yes i am . my so fav color is yellow like me , yellow decorations
persona
i am a vegan.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i enjoy hiking.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
persona II
i play jazz piano in a band.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
i am a barista.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
dialogue
hi there , what is your name ?
hi i am derek . how are you today ?
i'm great , just got home from band practice .
cool . what do you play in the band ?
i play jazz piano . what do you like to do for fun ?
i really like to hike . i enjoy the outdoors .
me too , on the weekends i like to go hiking . what is your profession ?
cool . i started working as an accountant about 3 months ago . what do you do ?
very interesting , i'm a barista . speak any interesting languages ?
not really . i like to paint though . i love bob ross .
bob ross is awesome . i speak arabic , english , and french . do you like to travel ?
wow . impressive ! i do like to travel . i like to try different vegan cuisine .
i have always been interested in being vegan . but , i really like meat haha .
it can be hard . haha . do you enjoy traveling ?
i've not traveled much . never really leave the country . you been anywhere really cool ?
just a few different places . it is neat to explore explore .
persona
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my favorite food is steak.
i don't know how to swim.
i own a chevy tahoe.
persona II
i live near grand rapids , michigan.
i live with my wife and kids.
my name is william , but people call me bill.
i own a small farm where i herd cattle.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
all right just busy . my fave food is steak
is it really . my wife and kids love me to cook steak every night at home
yeah i'd yet that is not possible . do you like rock music , because i do .
whats not possible ? i do not listen to rock much , i'm a country farmer who herds cattle
did you fight in wwii ? my grandfather talks about it a lot when i see him .
no , but my name is william after my dad who did . people call me bill
awesome ! i am an over of a chevy tahoe
sounds smart , we just drive the truck on my small farm near grand rapids , michigan
even though i like being around water i wish i learned how to swim .
why do not you take some lessons ?
well i guess it is my own fears of not doing so .
what else do you enjoy ?
i enjoy movies , reading books , and even just doing nothing
persona
i enjoy going to festivals.
i eat meat.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i recently started working online.
persona II
if i want it , i buy it.
i sometimes think i m shallow.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbor s arguments.
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
my mother is a professional make up artist.
dialogue
hi ! its nice to meet you !
hello . what are you doing this weekend
who knows ? i like to play it by ear . do you have any plans of your own ?
i don't . i am just hanging out . i just started working online .
what did you do before this ? i hate working online , it makes me feel poor .
eh . i guess so . if i can make 180 bucks a week i am alright .
oh god , i need much more than that to support my shopping habit . do anything for fun ?
ha ha . that is what credit cards are for ! i go to festivals . what about you ?
i like listening to my neighbors fight at all hours of the night . juicy drama !
that would drive me crazy . i am a peaceful man .
guess it makes me shallow , but i love it . i also wish i had their dog
what kind of dog is it ? nah i do not think shallow is the right word .
a havanese ! i want one , but its too much commitment . have any pets ?
i have a bichon frise ! that is where the word bitch comes from .
persona
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
persona II
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i am very athletic.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i get distracted easily.
dialogue
hey there ! how is it going ?
hi . going good just listening to some dope beats .
sweet ! got any plans for the weekend ?
yeah . i am in a rap battle . then i will sleep . you ?
haha sounds good ! i got a date with a new chick tomorrow night .
good luck with that . get a pair of nike shoes they're the best man .
dude i'm all about sports so you know i love nike ! so you single ?
yeah , but i chat all night on my sweet keyboard . no pain here
me too man . i've spent way too much time on girls instead of studying !
girls are too cute . they love rap , just like me . i need a woman
i hear that dude . but i always attract the crazy ones .
they're fun sometimes . i need my shut eye though . ten hours a day . right ?
nope too much fun to be had instead of sleeping . night time is party time .
i cannot , my nose hurts now . i need a soft chair and gangster rap !
sounds rough man ! thanks for the chat , good luck with that rap battle .
thanks . i'll win . i am fresh
persona
i've not had to work a day in my life.
i am fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuitton.
i do not know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i went to school for fashion design and didn'thing with it.
i think i need botos soon.
persona II
its one of my favorite hobbies.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
i love going to the movies.
we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
i used to wear a cape.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm great , what about yourself ?
i am doing good just relaxing
my days are pretty much always relaxing . i don't have to raise a finger .
what do you do for a living ?
nothing , i am well taken care of .
cool that is great to know
what do you do for a living ?
i work from home , have for years
that sounds good . are you a social person or do you prefer keeping to yourself ?
i am not a shy person but i keep my circle small .
i like my circle pretty small .
me too i always have
i like to be around those i share interest with .
persona
i like to go out to eat.
i like listening to other rap music too.
i also enjoy cooking.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
persona II
i am a lover of italian food.
i enjoy making d models for video games and animations.
i enjoy watching netflix with family.
my favorite band is iron maiden.
my father has a very prestigious job.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
i m good . listening to rap music , currently drake who is my favorite .
i am listening to iron maiden which is my favorite band .
that's awesome . i like playing drums too .
fun ! my hobby is making d models , mostly video games .
cool . i also like cooking but do like to go out and eat too .
me too . my favorite is italian food . i am eating it while watching netflix with the family .
that sounds like fun and italian food is delicious .
i'm also trying to become successful like my dad .
that is a great thing to aspire to be like .
what else do you like to do ?
i like to listen to rap while cooking dinner .
that sounds like a fun way to cook
it really is . what else is going on with you ?
persona
i have two children.
i like to hunt.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
i had two cats growing up.
persona II
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i sing many songs.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.
i am a happy person.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am doing well that you . my 2 cats says hello as well .
i like cats do you like reading
i do ! i read if i am not donating my time at the animal shelter
that is a nice thing to do i love reading in teh sun
that is really nice . other than that , i stay home with my 2 kids .
how old are your kids
13 and 18 . they enjoy hunting , as do i .
that's cool what kind sof animals do you hunt
just geese . nothing more than that .
cool what kind sof music do you like
all kinds . i've been listening to 60s music . you ?
persona
i only eat locally sourced food.
i have 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i like wide , open spaces.
persona II
my mom and dad are from japan.
i'm an elementary school teacher.
i live in toronto , canada.
i love to shop.
my favorite french fries are from mcdonalds.
dialogue
hi i'm really into fast food
cool . i eat food that is sourced locally
my day job takes all my time , so fast food works well for me
oh i see . do you have any animals ?
no , i don't . do you have animals ?
i have a lot . 10 of them are alpacas .
if you make clothes out of their fur i'd buy that
absolutely not . i love my alpacas .
that is too bad , i could rock that look .
what kind of area do you live in ?
i live in ca , but my parents are from japan . you ?
my home is in the country in kanas . i have 5 acres of land .
do you farm ? i am a teacher for kids
no i just like to be in wide open spaces . i should start farming .
persona
people say i have a cute laugh.
i'm a female and love to be surrounded by males.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
persona II
i enjoy reading history books.
i am a teacher.
my favorite food is mexican.
i grew up in new hampshire.
dialogue
hi ! i just got off of work teaching . what about you ?
i am just sitting here thinking about my ex
oh yeah ? did your ex like mexican food ? it is my favorite .
he liked it when i cooked it i love to do things like that
where did you grow up ? new hampshire for me .
ohio was where i was born and raised
do you enjoy reading ? i do , especially history books .
i think it is ok
how about movies ? i love going to the movies ! but it is too expensive !
i agree it is too high
do you like to sing and dance ? i do , but i'm not good at both .
yes i enjoy it i love to be ha laugh
so are you married ? do you have any kids ? i've 9 .
wow 9 kids , i don't have any and no spouse
i love my teaching job , do you love what you do ?
i love every bit of what i do
persona
my favorite season is spring.
i enjoy walks on the beach.
i'm a graphic designer.
i'm currently single.
i love to paint.
persona II
i'm in my high school band.
i really enjoy making friends.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i play the trumpet.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
dialogue
howdy doo this evening to you fellow chatter
aloha . are you single like me ?
yes , i make lots of friends this i enjoy
do you like long walks on the beach ? i do .
not really but i play trumpet in a band at my high school
ah , a young one . i'm out of school .
i'm going to be a movie director as soon as i grow up
i work as a graphic designer .
my dad owns a lot of guns and we have over 600 movies
guns are not welcome in my home .
lets here that when to crack heads are breaking in your home
i'd rather not have one of them get a hold of it .
well a zombie slaying sword will sure come in handy
if the walking dead comes true .
persona
i prefer texting over phone calls.
i love hockey.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i use the computer all day.
i sleep 8 hours.
persona II
i have 3 dogs and a parrot.
i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.
my family means the world to me.
my left knee is filled with metal.
dialogue
hey , you got any pets ?
nope no pets at the moment . how are you ?
baby , i'm real good . just came from the gym
do you ever watch hockey ?
no , i don't . i'm not into all those sports
feels good to have a good night sleep and go to the gym
yeah it does , i still have not taken a drink of alcohol in my life
work behind a computer all day i need the gym .
how about i give you a nice massage ?
i don't drink myself .
well then , we are perfect friends for each other lol cheers with water lol
massages are nice . sleep is better . yes for sure .
i know i love to sleep , all night , every night
ha . do you dream a lot ?
yes , i always dream . but i do not think its quite appropriate to share such dreams with anyone
those are good dreams . not sure why i do not have them myself .
i do not believe you understand what dreams i'm talking about
the fun dreams or something else ?
something else , way better than just fun dreams
good though right . not some bad kind of dream . lucid dreaming ?
oh no , not lucid dreaming . perhaps dreams for adults 18 if you know what i mean
yeah i don't have those kinds of dreams ! maybe once .
i am laughing so hard right now , neither do i , i said it just for . . . . . fun lol
in my whole life . would love to though . most people do actually .
you are so funny , you said would love to though , i am dying
yeah seriously why not with whomever you imagine sounds good to me
stop ! ! ! i can't breathe , you are too much , i can't stop laughing
bring on the good fun dreams . nice chatting with ya . sweet 18 plus dreams to you !
persona
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i'm an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
persona II
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
my parents are lawyers.
i once swam with manta rays.
i hate winter and the cold.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am goof do you like music
i do what kind do you listen to
i like the symphony and choir music
i like all music really , what do you do for a living
i'm still in school what about you
i am in school and volunteer at a mesem so i can work at the smithsonian
that is cool how did you get into that
i've just always loved that sort of thing . whats the coolest thing you have ever done
i'm not that interesting i spend a lot of time at church after school
church is a good thing . i got to swim with manta rays a few years back
that is pretty exciting where did you do that
persona
my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.
my dream is to be a veterinarian.
i hate that my mom made me get braces.
i could eat less.
people say i talk when i m not supposed to.
persona II
i don t drink alcohol.
i'd rather read a book than watch a movie.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashad.
in my spare time i like to play video games.
i work for a marketing agency.
dialogue
hi , i work for an agency . a marketing agency . i hate alchohol .
i'm pursuing my ambition of being a veterinarian
lovely ! i'd rather read than watch movies .
eating isn't really my thing because of my braces
oh , i see . i love isaiah rashad . that's my favorite singer .
i don't know that singer , i always talk even i'm not required to
video games are what i like to do in spare time .
drawing is my thing , i do ponies and put them in my binder 3 ring binder
why are you not required to talk ?
unnecessarily and all the time
oh , i see i guess . i like ponies so that is cool you draw them .
yeah and always they cut me off
well that isn't very nice .
oh well that is how life goes sometimes
yes , but it is very sad .
ok have a great day now
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i live alone in my condo.
i'm an insurance salesman.
i post on reduit often.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
persona II
i love watching greys anatomy.
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
music has always been my number one passion.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
dialogue
another morning . feeling sleepy . i need to get more rest !
it can be pretty quiet in my home .
i got off my game yesterday . binge watched greys anatomy . hardly any sleep .
cool , i stay in a condo alone . why no sleep ?
could not stop watching the show . its addictive . threw me off my schedule .
wow , not me i am a salesman of insurance .
do you travel to sell ? listen to music while you drive ?
yes i travel by bikeits blue my favorite
do you listen to music while you bike ? i just cannot stop listening .
yes i do , i use the app reduit do you ?
love it ! reduit funny . look at it all the time .
i use it very often also my condo is big .
i am living with my mom . she's the best . doesn't charge me rent , either .
that's dope ! i wish i don't i pay
you know , justin bieber is highly under rated as a musician .
you think so huh ? big music fan
persona
i am 6 feet tall.
my family has moved 40 times.
i'm a genius.
i've purple hair.
persona II
i have a twin sister.
i do yoga every morning.
i drink coffee every day.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
i'm good hope you are doing well
good , i'm well too . my hair is purple i'm tall like a basketball player .
i'm a twin and i like yoga .
wow , do you like being a twin ? i'm technically considered a genius .
it is great we are not identical
that is nice . you always have a friend , right ?
we like to drink coffee all the time
i have been enjoying coffee more lately too
i like to eat chocolate cookies with it
um , who doesn't ? i just moved again , that makes number 40 .
sounds exciting i love to move
it is nice , but i neve really feel settled .
i get tired of seen the same things
it is nice , but i neve really feel settled .
haha i love to dance in the rain
i have only done that like once , it was good .
persona
i've one cat.
i am short.
i like to sew.
my hair is brown.
i am not thin.
persona II
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
my house is located in the countryside.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing well how about you ?
i'm fine . i just got done in my garden . what are you doing ?
just sewing i love to do that
where did you learn to sew ?
i taught myself over time . i am not skinny so i make my clothes
i can definitely understand that . i love vegetables so i decided to grow them .
what color is your hair ?
currently it is black . how about you ?
mine is boring old brown
there is nothing boring about brown hair .
i suppose . are you tall ?
no , i say i'm average at 5 4 . are you vertically challenged ?
i'm . and being fat doesn't help ! !
ll , i know . at least tall people have their fat spread out more .
do you have any pets ?
persona
i am 7 foot tall.
i am hoping to play.
i just graduated college.
i'm hoping to play basketball overseas.
persona II
i like to swim.
i like to read.
i work for the navy.
my favorite show is thevoice.
dialogue
hi how are you today
great ! you ? i'm kevin . i just finished up college at ucla .
i am doing great catching up on the voice
nice ! i like to compete too but at basketball
its a show i watch i just got back from deployment missed a lot
where were you deployed ? what else do you do in your spare time
i was in cuba . read books and swim
i hope to go overseas to play . i like swimming too
swimming is really fun . what do you like to do besides compete
do you read fiction or nonfiction ? i like to cook
i like fiction it gives me a break from reality
its a good escape ! i did read a book about michael phelps it was good
persona
i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.
i am a genius.
i am 6 feet tall.
my family has moved 40 times.
i have purple hair.
persona II
i own a mansion that i don't live in.
i'm an international business man.
i'm a genius and know over 300 languages.
i never met my parents.
i never went to school.
dialogue
hello ! how many languages do you know ?
just one but my hair is purple and i am tall but genius . i adopt cats
that's really cool . i am a genius too !
we have move to different places
i'd like to move but i own a house .
you are rich ? how big is your house ?
i would like to move but i own a house .
you can sell it then move again
but i did not go to school
i will teach how i can help you .
that would be great ! how can you help ?
i can help by teaching you how to move .
that's so nice of you !
yes but you should date me in return .
fun ! do you like international business men ?
i don't like it why did you ask ?
persona
i like to make short films.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i've been on the tv news six times.
i have traveled overseas many times.
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
persona II
i have won tap dance competitions.
i've a twin brother.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i m really short.
i love to bake cakes.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
i'm good . just finished participating in a civil war reenactment .
my twin brother loves doing that
how fun that you have a twin ! what do you like to do ?
my favorite thing is baking cakes , and you ?
i really enjoy making short films .
that sounds fun ! do you like to read ? my favorite is david copperfield .
i actually prefer to travel and have been overseas a lot .
that sounds like more fun !
my mom is a pretty well known celebrity so i traveled with her .
awesome ! who is she ? i like to tap dance and have one competitions
i cannot say . it is a privacy thing . awesome about your competitions .
thanks ! where do you work ?
at a news station . i've been featured in the news six times because of this .
wow 2 celebrities in your family !
no . i'm not a celebrity . i'm mainly behind the scenes .
persona
i'm in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i really wanted to be an actor.
both of my parents are doctors.
i'm in medical school.
persona II
i have been working the same job for two years.
my favorite band is hop along.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i like to play video games.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am sad . i love a girl who does not know it .
how long have you known here
since medical school , 4 years ago . both her and my parents are doctors .
why have you not told her
because i live in hollywood . i've and always will , pursue acting .
what does that have to do with telling her
she lives in antarctica . she wants to be a penguin .
is she an imaginary person
no . why do you say that ? we grew up together fighting scary things . demon clowns .
oh i see . you have had an adventurous life .
yes . i am actually myself teleported from 2051 . to save the world .
what was wrong with the world ?
evil doctors from a prestigious medical school are about to plague the world .
with what ? do tell please .
the plague turns people in demon clowns who feed on children .
persona
my favorite hero is superman.
i love comic books.
i'm 8 years old.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
my name is todd.
persona II
i moved far from home.
i am skilled in computer repair.
i like to eat meat.
i have red hair.
my family owns a farm.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm good . i'm todd . whats your name ?
hi todd my name is lee
do you like superman ? he's my favorite !
yes he's my favorite too
wow ! how old are you ? i'm 8 !
i am 10 years old
awesome ! do you like comic books too ?
yes . my favorite one is captain underpants
comic books are the best ! i want to be a superhero when i am old .
that's great ! i want to be a nurse
so you can help people too ? like a superhero !
yes that is right , i love helping people .
that is really cool ! so do i . ca not wait to grow up and be a superhero .
i cannot wait to be a nurse so i can help the sick
maybe we will work together helping people someday .
persona
when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i like to cook new recipes.
i m from austin , texas.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like every post i see on social media.
persona II
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i can t stand salads.
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
dialogue
hi there ! my least favorite food is salad .
hello . how are you ? i love cooking !
what do you like to cook ? i've no idea how to cook personally .
what is your favorite food ? just new recipes i find .
i like anything my mom cooks . she stayed home to raise us .
then i post them on social media . that is amazing .
yeah she was amazing . she helped me graduate valedictorian from high school .
is she no longer around ?
she is . . . just meant when i was growing up . eventually i moved away from home .
that is good . where are you from ?
san francisco originally . i moved to nyc . so i never get her cooking anymore .
she didn't teach you ? my mom never cooked .
unfortunately not . i could really use the skill . kitchens here are just as small .
beautiful lady she just never learned from my grams .
persona
i've 6 toes on one foot.
my favorite book is twilight.
i hate skiing.
i have glasses.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
persona II
i love watching old movies.
i have two adopted kids.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
i am a yoga instructor.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i m doing great how are you ?
i'm good do you work
yes as a snowboarding instructor . you ?
i teach yoga to people
that s cool , you must be very flexible .
yeah i can teach you
that would be great . do you have a studio ?
i have one in my backyard
that s impressive , how long have you been teaching ?
over 10 years then yeah
do you like to read ?
i don't do you
that s cool , i like to read twilight .
that's a painful book series
it s my favorite book ever .
persona
i am catholic.
i just started working as a librarian.
i am a vegetarian.
i don t know how to swim.
persona II
i enjoy nature.
i'm in a lot of debt.
i fantasize about living in another country.
i'm failing some of my classes.
i enjoy electronic music.
dialogue
good evening . how are you tonight ?
hi ! ! ! i'm wonderful . and yourself ?
i've been better . i owe 35 , 000 to visa .
ouch ! i just started a new job . i am a librarian now .
sad , i know . do you tutor ? i'm flunking out of school .
i do ! i'm currently tutoring at the catholic church where i grew up .
i am not catholic but feel at peace when outside .
can you swim ? i have always wanted to learn how to swim .
i sure can . i dream of surfing in australia .
that would be scary for me !
it makes life fun and challenging .
i bet the food in australia is amazing . i'm vegetarian though so options are more limited .
i am not sure what they eat down under !
do you think they eat kangaroo ? crocodile ?
persona
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
i love comics.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
and also love drawing.
persona II
i m not afraid to die.
i'd be honored to give my life for my country.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i am an army ranger.
dialogue
how are you , and today it is my birthday
good . you ? happy birthday . i love to draw
am a fashion designer an love making dresses
i publish my creations online after some long thoughts on it for free .
okay how do you normally spend your birthdays
i read comics , i love em yourself ?
so you do not make parties to invite friends ?
no i just draw .
why is it because you do not have friends ?
its my lifes work rejected many time thoughts of giving in but never do .
is it that you have all the time for you work and none for friends
yes you are so smart do you go to school ?
i finished school but planning to go for masters next year
oh wow that is really great !
persona
i'm recently divorced.
i've no children of my own.
i am a childrens librarian.
i'm very shy.
i wear glasses.
persona II
i work at a hotel.
i love reading.
i love animals.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
dialogue
so i am feeling pretty good today . how about you ?
pretty bad . just divorced . but i am glad you are having a nice day
aw , that sounds awful . let me guess , not compatible ? or did this person cheat ? !
he just does not like my glasses
astonishing ! what a horrible , horrible man . . .
he's . whats going on with you
just enjoying the single life ! enjoying my 6 piece chicken mcnuggets , etc .
i cannot wait to enjoy mcnuggets again ! i hope my ex didn't ruin them forever
no ex can ruin the mcnuggets . ever ! trust me , you will see the light again . . . at mcdonald
i would typically agree but you do not know the things we did with mcnuggets
. . . oh god .
do not even get me started on big macs . . . my fellow librarians wouldn't approve
persona
my favorite thing to do is float the river.
my dad was a cop until he was killed.
my favorite activity is fishing.
i once ran the mile in under 4 minutes.
persona II
i like to play soccer.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
my favorite subject in school is math.
i've a little sister.
i have a golden retriever.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
i'm doing great planning to get out on some water later
oh do you have a boat ?
no , i have a buddy with a small fishing boat
oh that's cool , any siblings ?
yes , i've two and yourself
i've a younger sister
my sister is younger than me and i've an older brother
not bad . do you like sports ?
yes , i love to watch football
i am a soccer player . do you have any pets ?
cool , i do have a pet . dog to be exact
me too , a golden retriever
great dog , i have a labrador myself
oh that is cute , i love dogs
it belonged to my dad who worked as a k 9 officer
persona
i believe i hear voices.
i tend to aruge with myself more than i argue with myself.
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
persona II
i spend my weekends camping.
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
i am a truck driver.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
dialogue
hi how are you today
? u and , day good a was today good rey
yeah do you work then
no voice study hear i because no
i see do you have family
me like not do they but family a have i
oh do you ever go camping
house my leave not can i no
i leave the house to camp
leave could i wish i
then you should go leave
neighbor the watch to have i because no no no
tell them to leave you alone
boy pool the after lusting am i understand not do you
persona
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
i like reading a lot.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i like watching the walking dead.
persona II
i've a pug named corky.
my favorite place to go is the mall.
i'm single and go on dates regularly.
i was born completely deaf.
i enjoy playing tennis.
dialogue
whats the most interesting thing about you ?
i have three large dogs named after daenerys dragons
i love got ! my dogs name is corky . he's a pug
cool , i am trying to read all the books
i've not yet . what do you do for fun ?
i am a huge book worm . and you ?
i love going to the mall . i do a lot of window shopping
ha , i like shopping too , but it gets addicting
it really does . i have to be careful . no guy likes a shopaholic
you are totally right . my brothers would rather watch tv
if i'm not at the food courts at the mall , i'm at the tennis courts
i'm not a sports person . i would rather watch tv especially got or the walking dead
persona
i like to exercise.
i like to listen to music.
i have a boxer dog.
i like baths.
persona II
i do not have a college degree.
i love to eat meat.
i love the desert.
my eyes are bright blue.
i have an above average iq.
dialogue
hey , new friend ! what are you up to today ?
hey i love to exercise , well like lol
exercise is good ! ca not say i do enough of that !
i just got a boxer i named her bella .
that is a great name . where do you and bella live ?
i just ran me a bath steaming hot ! i enjoy them alot
i , too , like the heat ! in fact i absolutely adore the desert .
we live in the midwest , we are cooking an listening to music
love to cook ! especially meat . meat is my favorite food !
i do not eat meat at all
oh , i am sorry to hear that . haha !
what kind do you like the most ?
persona
i teach at a large school.
i graduated college in 2016.
my class has 26 kids.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i teach kindergarten.
persona II
i live in pittsburgh.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hello ! i am doing well . glad that the week is over ! you ?
oh , me too ! any plans for the weekend ?
i will be going kayaking by the late , if the weather is nice . you ?
i am going to a concert and maybe try the new italian place after .
oh , great ! what kind of concert ? what kind of music ?
5 star symphony , its orchestra .
nice ! the kids at work play concerts for me at least once a week !
lol . where do you work ?
its a large school
i'm a librarian , in pittsburgh . the river makes for great kayaking .
thanks for the tip ! i should being all my 26 kids to row me there !
persona
i enjoy ice cream.
my husband just decided to leave me.
the kids will be my responsibility as my husband doesn t want them.
i'm 50 years old.
persona II
i like football.
my friends like watching it to.
we drink beer and eat food.
it s great fun.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello , i am doing very well tonight . having icecream .
we are watching the game and having beer
who is playing ? my husband left and took our tv .
the ravens what is the deal with the hubby ?
oh , who knows . he doesn't want to be responsible any longer .
that is men for you . do you have kids ?
we do , we have three .
wow that's a handful we have two
one of them is a bonus kid .
they can be great fun though espcially with foot ball
he is a baseball player , very good too .
is he on a team ?
yes , high school , and the scouts have been out twice to look at him .
that is great is he looking to go pro ?
he is , but wants to go to college first .
persona
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like imagine dragons.
i run six miles a day.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like to kayak.
persona II
i drive a prius.
i cannot get enough ginger snaps.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
dialogue
hello , i relieved myself on my mothers favorite rose bush .
oh ! this one shall be fun . does your mom know ?
oh yes , she didn't buy any ginger snaps like i asked .
sometimes when i go running i relieve myself if i cannot find a place open .
i do that as well , not while i am hiking up volcanoes though .
you win . i do not hike up volcanoes . i just go running 5 6 miles a day . volcanoes ?
i love doing the rundisney halfs , i drive there in my prius .
did you do the one last week ? my friend went . i went kayaking instead .
no , i'm on the east coast and i had to work .
i'm on the west coast . i assumed you were too with a prius
nope . ohio here . surprisingly , there are a lot of them here .
i don't think i could survive ohio . any good seafood restaurants there ?
persona
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
i'm a school teacher.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i'm a registered nurse.
i've two smartphones.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you today ?
hello ! i am great how are you
i am fine . whats on your schedule for today ?
i am working , then going to the gym , you
working as well . then a movie at home later
i love movies . whats your fave ?
pretty woman . i have seen it probably 67 times
mine is the notebook lol
that is a good one , but very sad
what do you like to do for fun ?
i'm a nurse so i do not have much fun
i'm in nursing school , i'm scared
its scary , but once you start to get the hang of it you'll like it
i am excited as well . what department do you work ?
er . keeps me on my toes
it sounds interesting . fix them up and send them off
persona
my english is not very good yet.
i love to walk my dog everyday after work.
i also dance and sing.
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
persona II
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i work at a real estate office.
i'm in my 20s.
i love to sing.
i'm dating my boss.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hello what are you cooking for dinner ?
i think i will cook spaghetti
i am ok , just getting settled in this country .
what do you do for a living ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
i like to listen to music
i am a homebody , all i do is sing , dance and care for my dogs .
that sounds alot like me
what do you do for work ?
i am an assistant for a realtor
do you have any kids ?
persona
my father used to be a butcher.
i work at a newspaper.
my only friend is a dog.
i'm a carnivore.
i am highly educated.
persona II
i'm planning a trip to europe.
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i have never been on a cruise ship.
i love to shop on weekends.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
dialogue
you ever been chased by a lion ? i like shopping on weekends . you ?
i'm too educated for that
for what ? i know oliva pope personally . i've not been on a boat ever ? you ?
i only eat meat that's it
i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . some women wear 12 size shoes . you ?
that wasn't nice of you
what was not nice ? what meat do you eat ? you travelled to europe ? i have .
i have as well i loved it
i see . my boyfriend and i take dance lessons . you dance ?
i love to dance everyday
good . women with big feet can be sexy too ! you sing ?
i am employed by the local paper
but do you sing ? do you have to shop at special stores to get shoes ? i do .
my dog is the best and only freind i've so i sing to her
hmmm . your paper report on europe ?
not usually but maybe we will today
persona
it s one of my favorite hobbies.
my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.
i used to wear a cape.
i love going to the movies.
persona II
i am an artist.
i recently got a cat.
i have four children.
i love watching game of thrones.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
great ! i wear a cape and go to movies
oh ? what is your favorite movie ?
i do not know . there are so many . i like hobbies
oh well do you have any kids ?
my parents took me when i was little with my brother
took you ? what do you mean ?
i do not know . i'm a little weird
oh that is no big deal , i am a painter i like the weird
awesome ! i wear a cape !
why do you do this ?
i am a superhero in my own mind
oh , nothing wrong with that . do you exercise ?
no . i do not believe in that
oh i see , well i like walking . superheros do not work out ?
yes . i love to run and swim and bike and dance
persona
i think i might need help.
i get sad a lot.
i'm bisexual.
i just lost my job and i'm looking for something new.
i live with my parents.
persona II
i love to dance.
i like to go running.
i've asthma.
i used to play hockey.
dialogue
hey how are you ? just got finished with my daily run .
i am kinda depressed , looking for a job
oh did you lose your job ?
yep , they cut alot of jobs so now i am back home
i'm sorry to hear that . where is home ?
i'm in denver , colorado and you ?
okla . do u have hobbies ? dancing for me and i played hockey long ago .
nope , not much interests me anymore
i've a hard time with some things due to asthma .
oh ok , my brother has asthma as well
do u have a large family ?
just my mom , dad and brother . do you ?
i have two brothers . one older one younger .
cool . i am the youngest of the two
persona
my brother and i've bright red hair.
my nickname is bubblegum.
i love to sing in the shower.
i am plotting on taking over the world.
persona II
i ve an iphone.
i travel often.
my favorite color is red.
i live with my parents.
dialogue
hi names tommy i love at home how are you
hi , i'm good thanks and you ?
i love my new iphone what do you use
i don't like iphones , i have an android
i love all phones . . my favorite snack is oreos and i only use red mugs
me and my brother have red hair !
cool do you travel i do every year
sometimes , where do you like to travel to ?
i love going to florida cause i fear flying and have yet to try hawaii
do you have any nicknames ? mine is bubblegum
mine is bulma cause i'm bossy
that is a strange nickname !
its from dragon ball i love manga
ah okay , i love to sing when i am in the shower
i take long hot showers and yes i have sang in some
some people prefer baths but i prefer showers
persona
i prefer morning to night.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i prefer winter over fall.
i like to swim.
i'm a marathon runner.
persona II
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i'm in 3rd grade.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
dialogue
bonjour my friend how are you
hi . good . i was thinking of going swimming to night . how about you ?
i was thinking about playing some futbol tonight
fun ! you sound like you enjoy sports . me too . i like to run marathons .
i also love to paint pictures
do you do still life paintings ? i've an apple you could paint , a favorite .
i like to draw portraits of my family
sounds like you are very artistic . could do a painting of winter , my favorite ?
perhaps i am getting used to living in the us
yeah . i like it here . night time is so tiring . i wish it was morning .
the time change is not easy on me
i could believe that . jet lag can make for exhaustion .
i can't wait for summer camp to start !
i have not been to camp in a long time .
persona
i m an amazing dancer.
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
country music makes me cringe.
persona II
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i m an amazing dancer.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
country music makes me cringe.
dialogue
hi ! what is your favorite kind of music ?
i like rock , country music makes me cringe .
i hate country music too . probably because i don't know how to dance to it
i love to dance , not to brag but i'm an incredible dancer !
hmmm do you like volunteering ?
yes ! i volunteer at various animal shelters , but my hair gets in the way .
yeah mine too . . washing hair that is down to your knees is a pain huh ?
yes ! my hair is blonde and goes down to my knees as well .
i know right ? so am i the only one wondering if we are twins ? !
we may be ! what do you do for fun ?
the volunteer thing mostly . though i wonder if i make my money in singles . . .
what do you mean about the money ?
oh i'm just being silly . what do you say to your twin ?
i should teach you how to dance !
persona
my father was a cook.
i'm a fisherman.
he worked hard.
he later became a bartender.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i ve a dog.
i m looking for a job.
i m not very tall.
i ve two siblings.
dialogue
hi i love the the color red and i am searching for work .
cool . what kind of work are you looking for ?
i i am looking for csr position possibly work fro . home .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i love to spend time alone with my dog .
what kind of dog do you have ?
a golden retriever . he's quite friendly , some times he walks me because
i like animals too , but i like catching them . . . fish mostly
i am short , my two siblings who are younger than me are taller than me
i do not have any siblings , it was just me and my dad
i understand my siblings pick on me .
that is too bad , makes me glad i was an only child
lol yeah , it isn't always bad .
what do your parents do for work ?
persona
i play ice hockey.
i go to high school.
i live in the united states.
i'm a boy.
persona II
i smoke a pipe.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i love to eat eggplant.
i have been married five times.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
dialogue
ever been to chicago ? i own a bar there
i've not . that's cool ! how long have you owned it ?
about 10 years , which is probably why i have been married so many times
interesting . i m still just in high school so i ve never been married .
nice ! whats your favorite subject ?
i m pretty athletic so i enjoy gym class the most .
i hated gym class . too much running .
i hate running too . i m on the ice hockey team , so i like skating
my favorite subject in school was spelling . i actually won the spelling bee in 3rd grade
that's impressive ! did you grow up in chicago or somewhere else ?
i am originally from la but when i got married i moved with my husband to chicago
oh that s cool . i d love to visit la someday .
yeah , the weather is great . where are you from ?
i m from the eastern part of the usa .
persona
my favorite auto is a bentley.
i enjoy classical music.
i am six feet tall.
i like to go to the opera.
i love to vacation in paris.
persona II
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i just moved from va to pa.
i grew up on a large farm.
i love reading.
since i have fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am just enjoying some classic music .
very nice ! i like reading
what kind of books do you like to read ?
romance ! i grew up on a big farm so i had a lot of time to read
i go to paris quite often , its romantic .
i never been , i just moved to virginia from pennsylvania
have you traveled anywhere before ?
no , i've stayed in the us my entire life
why is that ? so much world out there .
i'm very close to my parents and do not want to leave them
i'm over six foot , traveling can get uncomfortable .
wow you are tall ! do you like doing crafts ?
not so much . i would rather go to the opera .
nice ! i like doing beadwork
i also like to work on my bentley .
persona
i'm a vegan.
i have 23 cats at home.
i hate the taste of fish.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i like to paint.
persona II
i am an only child.
i really love plants.
i have a pet lizard named gila.
my favorite color is pruple.
i have brown eyes.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hello , i am in the middle of painting some islands i have visited .
i see , you should paint a pic of me around plants as a child with brown eyes .
plants ? that's interesting , that's all i'll eat .
yeah the green things . . . . . . . your body needs more than that .
yes , sometimes i think i will eat one of my 23 cats , but alas , i'm vegan .
god bless your soul . i have a lizard as a pet . gila is her name .
nice . does she like fish ? i cannot stand the taste .
i am sure she doesn't . there's different variations of cooked fish .
i like contractions too much to do this quickly . that is why i paint ?
people who love purple do not like contractions .
interesting , so they work , just do not include apostrophe . nice , like cats .
i totally understand what your saying .
i'm glad to know . i understand you , but not myself .
well maybe you should get to know yourself .
i agree in principle , but i find the actual task frightening .
persona
i am touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
i am a rapper.
persona II
i love starbucks coffee.
my parents met at woodstock.
i have a cat named pickles.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
i was a swimmer in college.
dialogue
hey , will you take me to starbucks ?
i would drive you in my ferrari . you must be in japan where i live though .
can my cat come with us ?
sure . we can hang out in the new mansion i just bought afterwards .
cool , do you want to go swimming ?
yeah . i'm a rapper touring with frank ocean . i named my pool frank .
cool , i like frank ocean a lot
my new mansion is the biggest in the country . it will be a blast .
i want to go there , plant some roses
that would be great . please plant a lot .
i'd love to . it would be the best
what colors will the roses be ?
red , pink , yellow , white , orange
that will be very pretty . those are my favorite colors .
good , maybe you'll want to marry me too
that's very forward , but maybe . who knows what the future will bring ?
persona
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
my friends tell me that i am a neurotic hypochondriac.
i am a seventh day adventist.
persona II
i've a lot of trophies from my childhood.
i ca sim very fast.
i love to run.
my favorite past time is cooking.
dialogue
i'm making pasta for dinner , want to come ?
i'm a vegan do you eat meat ?
no i need carbs so i have energy to run
ah , i enjoying running as well .
my living room is full of trophies from races i
that's awesome . what is your job ?
my husband works , not me .
oh , i see . i teach elementary school .
that is interesting . i love to cook so i just spend my time on that .
that is cool . i have ocd , so cooking stresses me out .
oh no ! that must make it hard to work with children .
i think it has actually made my condition better .
really ? we are thinking of having children soon .
oh , how exciting ! do you want a boy or girl ?
persona
i'm vegan.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i work at the grocery store.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
persona II
my name is sarah.
i am a school teacher.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
dialogue
hey !
hello there
how are you ? my name is sarah , whats yours ?
busy busy ! my name is becca
nice to meet you becca , i have a student with that same name
that is wild ! a girl named sarah introduced me to veganism at work last year , changed my life .
wow ! that's crazy
what do you teach ?
i have been reading books about veganism , i have been thinking of making the change to it , myself
the urban farm i volunteer at encourages me to try new things , so that helps .
i teach 5th grade math
that sounds rewarding . i've always enjoyed math .
persona
i've a cat.
i love to sew.
i wait tables at a cafe.
i like to be alone.
persona II
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
my favorite food is anything italian.
my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
i love most music except country and jazz.
i'm a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i just got home from playing racquetball at the gym .
that sounds like fun . do you have any pets ?
i do have a pup , he is amazing .
animals are fun ! i like to be all alone with my cat because people are over rated
i agree , that is why i watch a lot of tv .
i like to sew and i wait tables . i lead a pretty boring life i guess
i eat italian and read poetry , lol . i am boring too
we need something in our lives beyond cats and dogs !
have you read middlesex ? i love forensic files and jeopardy .
you . . need whiskey . or something
i do not drink alcohol and i am a vegetarian .
then . . you need whiskey and a big steak !
i prefer a nice eggplant parm and manicotti
ok ok i could handle the eggplant . as long as it was seasoned well !
mine always is . the secret is in the cheese .
i love cheese ! almost as much as steak and whiskey !
persona
i stay active.
i'm retired.
i have eight grandchildren.
i have good health.
persona II
i've a pet lizard named gila.
i really love plants.
i have brown eyes.
my favorite color is purple.
i am an only child.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? do you have any pets ?
hi ! would love to ! but soon to have my 9 grandkid , and i take care of them
wow that's crazy , i only have to take care of my lizard .
enjoy ! i worked hard all my life , now i enjoy being active with them .
i don't like kids , i was an only child so i wasn't around any .
that is ok . sometimes i like being by myself .
i do too , its peaceful being alone in my garden with my plants .
love orchids ! i do not need any meds , so i buy exotic orchids .
i love purple orchids , what is your favorite ?
vandas , some of them have the most beautiful fragrance .
they do , but sometimes they mess up my allergies . its worth it !
thank god i do not have any health issues . not common in retired people !
most retired people just sit around , gotta keep moving to keep healthy !
i'm more than active , between the kids and my daily exercise , i move plenty .
persona
i used to work for monsanto.
i enjoy swimming.
i enjoy shopping online.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i'm a mother.
persona II
i love to clean.
i watch a lot of movies.
i do not have much energy.
i love fast food.
i'm a stay at home mom.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm fine , thanks how are you ?
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning
i've children , so it is impossible to keep mine clean !
i've kids too , but i do not cook . we mainly eat fast food and love it
do you order online ? i find shopping for everything online makes it easier .
yeah i do , i don't have a lot of energy after cleaning .
do you do any sports ? swimming helps me keep my energy up .
no , unless being a stay at home mom is a sport ? or watching movies
it is ! i think of reading as a sport . do you prefer books movies ?
definitely watching a lot of movies .
is that part of your job ?
i'd say so ; how about you ?
books ! specifically fantasy genre . harry potter and the like .
the harry potter movies are the best !
not very true to the books !
persona
i don t like beer.
my favorite animal is the koala.
i work part time.
i live with a roommate.
persona II
i am a girl.
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i like to play outside.
i am in preschool.
dialogue
hi ! what do you like to do for fun ?
hi ! i collect koalas since they are my favorite animal . you ?
that's neat ! i like zebras and playing outside with mommy and daddy .
do you live with them ? i've a roommate .
i do ! i have a roommate too ! my little brother but we go to preschool together .
oh you are very young ! you must not like beer just like me !
no but my daddy lets me sip . what do you want to be when you grow up ?
a doctor . but for now i am only working part time . you ?
that's cool . i want to be a spaceship driver !
that sounds cool ! anything else you want to tell me ?
i climb trees . what do you like to listen to ?
i like to listen to all kinds of music . i love them all !
do you play any instruments for fun ?
i don't but i used to play the piano when i was your age !
persona
i work in advertising.
i like to hike.
i write fiction for fun.
my mother is dead.
persona II
i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.
i have no technological skills.
i am a savage.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
dialogue
hi you doing today
hi there i just came in from hiking , hbu ?
well i'm stuck , no technology , just being savage
i'm well a little down me an my mom use to do it together
that is something i never heard
how come ? conserving energy ? whats going on
ok , well due to remoteness , , i feel trapped
my mom passed away , in my spare time i write about fiction ,
i am sorry to hear that , writing is cool to do
well how are you talking to me without any ? weird . anyway , i am in advertstiment
using my mind , and telepathic powers
thank you , yes i loved her dearly
persona
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i go to college part time.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i love candy.
persona II
i am vegan.
i love to go to the beach.
i have 2 cats.
my favorite food is strawberries.
i work in a veterinary office.
dialogue
i don't not ingest animal products
hey ! i've got a bunch of swedish fish here . they are the best .
i prefer to local myself at the beach
i guess that is okay . i'd rather skateboard .
i own a duo of felines
i do not have anything like that . just a crush on someone i work with .
my preference of food is strawberries
i just like candy mostly . good thing i skateboard so much .
my job is at a hospital for animals
i go to college and i work at a coffee shop .
i only eat vegetables and legumes
no candy then ? even if it doesn't have gelatin ?
i own one cat and one cat
that would be two cats , yes .
persona
i cannot wait to start my new life.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i make and me by waiting tables.
until then i'll make 215 an hour.
persona II
mom in telecommunications.
i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
both my parents are creative.
i dream of playing music for a living.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
pretty good , you ? i cant wait to start a new life
awesome ! i'm looking to do the same by entering the music industry
that is great , i hope to become a dr
wow that's awesome . i am still studying for my degree , how about you ?
i am in dr school now
wow congratulations ! my dad works with cars and mom works in call centers
oh yeah that is great , i get by waiting tables now , what you do for a living
i currently don't have a job , i'm a full time student
that is great i have to work to pay my tuition , expensive
i know it . all the equipment i need is seriously draining my savings .
i understand that , i depend on tips
oh i see . do you usually get generous tips ?
it depends on the night but some nights make up for others
persona
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to hike in the summer.
my favorite band is one direction.
i love to ski in the winter.
my name is mary and i m from colorado.
persona II
i'd like to open a restaurant someday.
i love creating new recipes.
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
my favorite color is hunter green.
i'm a personal chef.
dialogue
hi there ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a bud tender for a local colorado dispensary
oh wow ! that must be an interesting job !
it is , leaves plenty of time to hike in the summers
hiking is great ! my favorite hobbies are watching movies and sleeping , though .
do you like to ski ?
i've never been . i work as a personal chef so i'm too busy to travel .
ever listen to one direction while cooking ? they are my favorite
they're great ! i love creating recipes and music sometimes can help inspire me .
right ! i scored a perfect sat because of their music
wow ! that is quite impressive ! what is your family like ?
i've no idea , they all died when i was 4
oh gosh . that's so very sad . i am sorry to hear that !
yea . . . . but they were junkies so no big deal
persona
i like burritos.
i like to shop.
i like to dance.
i love shoes.
persona II
i enjoy playing soccer.
i work in finance.
i live walking distance from work.
i do not like coffee.
dialogue
hello . its a shame i do not like coffee , i can use a wake up call .
i love burrito myself so i feel you
i have to get up early and walk to work tomorrow . do you work ?
yes i have a job that i hate lol but really i love to shop
i've a job in finance . if you need help budgeting while you shop , let me know .
lol shopping for shoes online right now lol
that reminds me , i need new soccer shoes . do you play any sports ?
nah i like ballet and other dancing
nice ! i'm not flexible enough for dance . i love watching so you think .
oh i think i can dance lol
yes ! its such a good show .
do you like to eat burritos
persona
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i own four german shepherds.
i only buy convertible cars.
i have created my own personal religion.
i don't celebrate any holidays.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i like to go for bike rides.
i like music.
i like the guitar.
i like to skateboard.
dialogue
i love portabella mushrooms before going for a walk .
why ? do they give you energy ?
i think it just makes me feel healthier so it makes me happy .
i love taking my 4 german shepherd for rides in my convertible . makes me happy .
wow 4 ? amazing , i'dn't be able to tolerate that many .
well i rather have my dogs than spend money celebrating holidays .
that is reasonable . i need more music on my ipod .
what type of music do you put on it ?
bluegrass ! i love it . i can play that music all day .
oh my gosh another ghost in my house .
oh no , if i was you i would talk to it . are your afraid of it ?
no , i see ghosts often .
they must be happy to be seen . i'd hate to be invisible .
yeah , they seem to be but i cannot figure out how to communicate with them .
maybe you need to know their names .
my religion does not allow me to ask a ghost their name .
persona
i am a blackjack dealer.
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i've 3 kids.
i'm currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
persona II
my brother thinks he's a viking.
my masters degree is in italian literature.
my nails are painted green.
i have a pet skunk.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
dialogue
hello . how has your day been ?
my day was good , but busy ! what about you ?
busy too ! but now i'm relaxing in my apartment in portland .
portland is gorgeous ! got to work 2nd job soon at the casino tonight .
that sounds fun . i'm just painting my nails green .
we can't have our nails painted as a blackjack dealer
my brother doesn't paint his nails either . he is like a viking .
wow yeah vikings do not strike me as ones to like painting their nails
nope haha . my pet skunk is currently running around .
wow hopefully you don't get sprayed , all 3 of my kids have before
oh yuck ! yeah he is good . i talk to him in italian .
wow cool how did you learn to speak italian
persona
i've an iphone.
i travel often.
i live with my parents.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
persona II
i am currently looking for a job.
my favorite color is purple.
i'm not a fan of science.
my dad works for ups.
dialogue
hi there ! do you have any hobbies ?
i travel a lot . what about you ?
i'm pretty crafty . i'd like to travel . where have you been recently ?
i love to crochet ! i went to vancouver a little while ago .
cool ! i crocheted a purple scarf last fan . that's my favorite color .
i like purples and blues . do you like phones or androids ?
i love the iphone ! i am actually looking for work and thinking about applying to apple .
that would be cool . you would get a discount on phones and macbooks then !
yes , that is a great perk ! what do you do for work ?
i still live at home with my parents so i don't have to work yet .
nice ! are you in school ?
yeah , going to go to college next year . what about you ?
i am a senior also . do you have a favorite subject ?
i love english . what about you ?
persona
i do not like feeling controlled.
i've a harsh inner critic.
i don't like my reputation.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i want to move.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i enjoy hiking.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
dialogue
hi how are you
hi ! good , how are you ?
what kinds of hobbies do you have ?
movies , food , the usual ahahah . you ?
that is cool i am pretty outdoorsy . i like hiking
yeah i wish i liked hiking , but i am not an outdoorsy person lol
haha what job do you have ?
mmm i am a free spirited person
that is cool . i just started a new job a few months ago . still feel like i'm learning
nice !
what else do you like ?
i like reading and watching crappy tv
hha that is always fun . i'm kind of into art
oh really ? i do not know much about it
persona
i'm hoping to play basketball overseas.
i am hoping to play.
i recently had knee surgery.
i just graduated college.
persona II
i have owned two mustangs.
my dad works for ups.
i am not a fan of science.
my favorite color is purple.
dialogue
hi there . tell me about yourself . i love cars and traveling .
hi ! ! my dream is to play basketball in asia . i also had knee surgery and recovering .
feel better . i had two vintage ford mustangs but sold them .
that's cool ! i just finished college and now working as a customer service rep . for insurance
i'm currently taking college classes . science is my least favorite class .
yeah i wasn't good with science
i refurbish and sell cars , but i love my purple corvette .
that's awesome what kind of cars
mustangs and corvettes . i paint some purple and keep them . my favorite color .
nice ! ! those are amazing cars to drive ! !
my dad helps , but he works full time for ups . otherwise , just me .
i am glad that you are able to find things to do with your father .
yes , i love it . what hobbies do you have ?
hobbies are great to have . i blog and created my own website
persona
i have a career in party planning.
i enjoy deep sea diving.
my father was a member of the communist party.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i love the beach.
i work 2 jobs.
i'm in school.
dialogue
hi ! i am a chicago univ student of psychology .
that's interesting . maybe you will have some insight as why my dad was in the communist party
ll that's funny . i also work two jobs as event planner and at a retail store .
i've a similar career as a party planner .
i love the blue sky , blue oceans in fact anything blue .
i love the ocean too . i go deep sea diving whenever i can .
wow ! i'd love deep sea diving . never done that before .
it was scary the first time . but its so interesting under water .
i can imagine that . i love adventures of all sorts .
what adventures have you gone on ?
i've done white river rafting , mountaineering and have tried almost all scary rides . ll
i cannot handle rides , they make my stomach so queasy .
persona
i m headed to university of michigan in the fall.
i want to be a doctor when i graduate.
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
persona II
i like playing badminton.
i am not very good at playing basketball.
i once rescued a baby on a highway.
i don t really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
dialogue
is there anything good happening with you today ?
i am out of high school officially . i am going to university of michigan fall
what are you going to study ?
i would like to be a doctor
an apple a day , as i always say !
yeah apples equal summer my favorite season !
i always get apples as gifts . everyone thinks i love them
i love tacos . i can't stand spaghetti though .
really , spaghetti ? why is that ?
i really do not know , i wish i knew ! ! !
i don't like veggies . . . everyone thinks i do though lol
tell me more about yourself !
well , i like sports but i am bad at most of them
that's a shame . what else ?
basket ball is probably the sport i'm worst at haha
oh okay well i do not know a lot about basket ball
what do you know a lot about ?
math would be my strong suite .
math ? wow . i'm only good at badminton .
that's nice i've to go soon anything else ?
persona
i work at a museum.
i don t have a lot of friends.
i read a lot.
i like to go to the park.
persona II
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i get distracted easily.
i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
doing well , thanks . kind of a slow day .
yeah , i am having a rough day , another bad break up recently .
i am sorry to hear that . sometimes it is good to be alone , read a book .
true . i find i often am easily distracted though .
i cannot relate . what is something interesting i don't know about you ?
i like to talk to everyone and have lots of friends . what about you ?
i'm rather introverted and don't have a wide circle of friends . enjoy nature .
that is nice . are you in school or work ?
i am working at a museum for the time being . how about you ?
still in school . i wish i did better though .
i think there are medications for that now .
yeah , i just don't take it too seriously . i rather chat with friends .
understandable . do you have any other hobbies ?
i like to do makeup . what about you ?
that sounds fun ! i'm an avid reader , myself .
persona
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
persona II
i spend most of my days working at my church s food pantry.
i love agatha christie novels.
my husband and i have a suicide pact.
i've 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ?
its amazing on my end . brand new shoes ! i have been showing everyone
nice , nothing like a new pair of shoes
they are so comfortable . like a nap for my feet .
awesome . what do you do for a living ?
i work in an office . i have the most comfortable office chair in the world .
i work at a church
oh , what do you do there ?
i work in the food pantry . do you have any kids ?
no kids . i love sleep too much do have kids . you ?
i had 5 but unfortunately my twins passed away
oh my god , i'm so sorry . how long ago was this ?
thank you . it was 3 years ago
may i ask how you dealt with that ?
it was difficult but my church family helped me out alot
i am glad to hear you had support . i just sleep away my problems .
persona
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i've a pet snake.
i am a famous video game character online.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
persona II
i like music.
i like the guitar.
i like to skateboard.
i like to go for bike rides.
dialogue
my name is john , i like to tell you my hobbies and interest
sounds good ! i'm mark . what do you like to do ?
biking , skateboarding , play guitar and listen to music
oh that's cool ! i like those things too . any pets ?
oh no , not anymore i had a black dog few yeas ago
neat ! i've a snake for a pet named lydia . never had a dog
you actually named a snake ? does name has anything to do wtih your pet ?
i just liked the name . always liked snakes . i want to move to the desert !
that sounds very exciting , you can ride bikes , listen to music there too
absolutely ! but unfortunately i start an engineering internship soon so no moving !
oh well , career are much more important , you can always move to there later . . .
true . what do you do for work ?
i sell stuff on the internet , not much money but its a living
plus i imagine it allows you to pursue your hobbies !
persona
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
my feet are size six womens.
i have a french bulldog.
i play bass.
persona II
i've been married five times.
i love to eat eggplant.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm well ! i'm actually coming by the area where you live !
how do you know that ? spooky .
well i'm getting transfered for work
you are moving to chicago ? noah .
yeah . it will help with my journalist goals !
very cool . i own a bar down there . come drink you writer .
well i'm no journalist yet . i currently sell washers at sears . . but some day . .
gotta be a washwacker it seems haha .
i have a dog , can i bring him to the bar too ?
of course , but no accidents !
good . he loves to listen to me play the bass . he is a french bulldog
persona
i enjoy budweiser beer.
i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
my horse never talks back to me.
i live in the city.
persona II
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
i own a black suburban.
dialogue
hello , i drive a black suburban .
how are you doing this fine day ?
fine i've been busy driving my kids to sports events . you ?
mad because i keep on talking to my horse and he will not answer back
i wish for things too , like to go to paris and design clothes . good luck !
i am pretty sure he talks when i have a nice cold budweiser
sounds like something out of a book , i'm a member of 4 book clubs .
i don't have time to read being a student
besides the book clubs i am in the pta and 2 bunch groups
i am currently studying to become a nurse
that's cool . tell me more about yourself !
i currently live downtown close to the college i attend
that is nice . well i have to go pick up my kids soon .
all is well i have to get studying for a nursing test
cool , it was very nice to meet you
as it was meeting you
persona
my car broke down last week.
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
i like to fly kites.
i work out every other day.
persona II
i've two children under ten.
i love eating kale.
i have two cats.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i m in love with adam levine.
dialogue
hi , i'm busy making kale soup but thought i could chat , too .
sounds delicious . i just returned from an intense workout , may i have some ?
you sure can but hurry because my two young kids will be here soon .
it is okay . last week i totaled my car , but i fly a kite real fast
i totaled my car and didn't get hurt ? are you okay ?
yeah i'm thank you ! i actually play rugby so i'm all sorts of tough !
my two kids are under ten and would love to watch you play .
do they play any sports ? i love all kinds , but rugby is easily my favorite
soccer seems to be the game at their school .
i always liked playing baseball in school , but my cousin got me into rugby
you can use the extra iron the kale provides .
you are so nice to have me for dinner !
anytime as long as i'm making a big pot full .
to be honest i have never eaten kale before
even our two cats eat it . leftovers
i love cats ! what are their names ?
persona
my hiking boots are pink.
i work in marketing.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
i like folk music.
i love to hike.
persona II
some call me a hopeless romantic.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
dialogue
hi how are you today
my name is jack , guess what color is my boots for hiking ?
are they brown jack huh
i'm fine and you ? the type of music i like is folk and you ?
i'm a hopeless romantic yo
nope ! it is pink ha ha nice try pal .
oh wow how are you smelling toady
i am a guy though . . . sorry , you sound like a guy , so do you hike ?
well everyone can hike you silly
i always smells good , my body smells fresh all the time
nice do you have a house
okay ! but can you hike appalachian trail , i mean the
no i reside in my car so i cannot leave it
yes , i have a house and marketing is my job .
well i live in my car gash
are you homeless ? how do you use the bathroom ?
persona
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
i play guitar.
i am a michigan state trooper.
i have two siberian huskies.
persona II
i love riding roller coasters.
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i am training to be a welder.
i'm starting an internship at a construction site next week.
dialogue
hey what are you up to ?
hi ! i am having dinner . . . a slice of chocolate cake with extra vanilla cream
sounds yummy ! watching a adventure action movie and eating some popcorn
it is ! ! cake is the dinner part and the frosting is the extra sweet dessert .
a sweet desert would be welding collar coasters as i love riding them !
ahh , love coasters . i also love playing rock on my guitar . whats your job ?
sweet tunes ! next week i'm starting a gig for a construction site , you ?
i'm a police officer in michigan , a state trooper . watch out ! !
thanks for serving our country , my moms been in the force
an honor ! but i also have 2 siberians . those huskies are like a second job !
beautiful ! i'm my mothers second job ha , dad left when i was 5
oh , so sorry . but she did a great job . i'm a single mom too .
persona
i'd rather read a book than watch a movie.
i don t drink alcohol.
i work for a marketing agency.
my favorite music artist is isaiah rashad.
in my spare time i like to play video games.
persona II
i m not afraid to die.
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i'm an army ranger.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
dialogue
i miss my wife and kids so much .
where are they at right now ?
back home in the states . i have been deployed in the army for so long .
ah . thank you for your service . my job is at a marketing agency .
do you like it there ?
it good . i do not drink so it can get testy at times .
i can understand that for sure .
i unwind by playing video games in my spare time .
i cannot play shooters . i'm scared of dying in game , not real life .
well , i also read books . better than movies sometimes .
this is very true . what types ?
i'm a janet evanovich fan .
i will have to see if i can find a copy of her work here .
she has put out over twenty books so far .
that's an impressive number of books .
yes . she's quite established .
persona
teaching is my passion.
i'm married.
i love to read.
my favorite place is the beach.
my husband is a cop.
persona II
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i have been in 2 car crashes in my life.
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
food and water are essential to me in life.
dialogue
hello there , how is your day going ?
so far so good . sitting here reading a book
me too actually , at the hospital . crashed my car for a second time
oh no hope you are going to be ok .
me too , i feel like i have been watching too much tv
my husband is working the night shift as a cop
so , you are lonely ? you need to play some sports and get outside like me .
i love to go to the beach when it warms up i plan on going
well that's good . water is essential for life , as well as food you know
yes ! when i'm not at the beach i love to teach it is my passion
i hate teaching actually , students are quite annoying
yes , they can be for sure
where do you come from ?
i am from the midwest and you ?
persona
i collect comic books.
i own two snakes.
i am allergic to dust.
i only eat organic food.
persona II
i like to hunt.
i had two cats growing up.
both my parents were teachers.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
dialogue
hello there , my name is sam !
hi how are you doing ?
i'm just getting geared up for hunting season ! and you ?
oh not much just watching tv
anything good on ? i don't usually watch a lot .
i am watching will and grace
whats that show about ? anything interesting ?
its about gay people in ny
oh okay ! i've heard of that show ! i am a huge fan of animal planet .
are you an animal person ?
very much so . i spend some of my weekend a st . francis the local animal shelter here
do you have any pets ?
i have three . two cats ; bonnie and clyde . and a german shepherd named bane
i have two dogs and a cat
what are their furry little names ?
i have rex , pepper and miko
persona
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
i m allergic to lactose.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
i like having fried fish for supper.
i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i do not have any children.
i listen to podcasts.
i don't have a car.
i live near a park.
dialogue
hi , do you want to go to the park ?
i would love to , having only 6 months to live i want to enjoy life
cool . i live close so i won't stress about not having a car .
you like fish for supper ? we can have that afterwards ?
sure , have you ever had a purple fish ?
food , i love fried fish . has to be lactose free though allergies never had a pet fish
you should get a pet fish . a purple one .
maybe i should . name is justin bieber . love justin bieber
do you want to be my child ?
i'm not sure . i'm not any good at doing regular expressions .
do you want to listen to some podcasts ?
sure , what are they about ?
anything . there are a whole bunch of different kinds .
are there any about fish , or justin bieber ?
yes , we can listen to those .
sounds good to me . sorry if i am a bit expressionless
persona
i've 3 cats.
my favorite color is orange.
i enjoy swimming.
i like tacos.
persona II
i think recycling is important.
i m from california.
i like to be outdoors.
i m a student.
i like to shop at goodwill.
dialogue
good evening . finally done with homework
good evening to you too good to get the homework done !
yes , working and schooling is tiring
i love tacos and just got done eating three of them
yum ! make sure to recycle your plastic container afterward
will do . i love oranges and the color orange eating one for a snack
that is nice . where do you live ? i live in california
i'm in florida that way i can swim all the time
do you swim with your pet ? i love my dog
no dogs here i love my three cat !
great . it has been a good day . i work at goodwill
i live near a goodwill my husband likes to shop there
it is nice store as long you do not mind spending time looking for thing .
yes you never know what you'll find lol
i agreed . i love working there . where do you work ?
i am a retired nurse
persona
i draw all the time and i'm good at it.
i listen to pink when i'm painting.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
my wife makes the best pasta.
persona II
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i love history.
i am a technician.
i love to play softball.
my mother was an rn.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today
i am good do you like music
yea i love music ! have you heard katy perris new single . she's my fave
i listen to pink they are kidnap similar
yea i listen to her while i play softball . pumps me up
does your mom make pasta ?
yea she cooks alot more now that she doesn't work . she was an rn
how far do you drive to work
i live around the corner so i walk . i am a technician . what do you do
i draw a lot of the time
i love learning about history and art . do you have a fave artist ?
mine is myself or no one will be
ll . i'm sorry to hear that . what does your dad do for work ? mine does drywall
i'm not sure really its been so long
persona
i live in a big city.
my major was american literature and education.
i just graduated college.
i want to teach kids in elementary school.
persona II
i never learned how to drive.
i am a deaf man.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
my favorite number is 7.
dialogue
hello , how are you feeling today ?
great ! , urban dweller here . you live the suburbs ?
yes i do , i don't even own a car .
oh okay . i want to teach and majored in education .
that's cool . what else do you like to do
yesterday i became a college graduate . you sing ?
i am deaf , so i am not sure if i sing well
oh okay . american literature is fun . i majored in it . you dance ?
i do dance , but i like to scratch my nose
get out ! i do too ! you like living in the city ? i do .
i do too . what is your favorite number ?
12 , thank you for asking . you like kids ? i do .
i like 7 the best . i like kids too
great ! you live on a farm ? i don't .
persona
i am a professional gamer.
i love to play league of legends.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i am currently single but i am ready to mingle.
i love dogs.
persona II
i play the bass guitar.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
i work out daily.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i like to go out fishing.
dialogue
will you cook me some burgers with cheese ?
i don't cook , sorry .
do you want to work out with me ?
sometimes i go to the dog park to walk .
i want to lift heavy things with you , and go fishing
i don't really fish , i am a gamer by nature .
that is fine , i guess . you make me sad .
sorry , why is that ? gaming is my passion .
i play guitar i guess that's my passion .
do you have a significant other ?
no . i want one though
as a gamer , i'm super single .
oh , do you want to marry me ?
i think we should hold off on that .
persona
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i m a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
i sleep in a princess bed.
persona II
i make 35 million a year.
i play for the washington wizards.
i went to college in maryland.
i'm a professional basketball player.
i live in ahuge mansion.
dialogue
i'm lucky my basketball career with the wizards has made me so rich .
i'm four . i want to be rich like a princess .
i live in a mansion like a princess might right now . do you like basketball ?
i have a basketball hoop . it is blue .
when i was little , i played with a red hoop , back in maryland .
i have a princess bed santa got me . i sleep in it at night .
that is wonderful . you must really like princesses .
i do but i also like trucks and basketball and even animals .
maybe for christmas i will buy you some . at 35 million , i've the money .
that's a lot of money .
it is a perk of being a professional basketball player . if you practice . . .
i want to be a space girl to go in space .
what an exciting goal . do you have siblings ? where do you live ?
i have a big brother . i live in a town called addison .
i had a friend named addison at college in maryland . i miss him .
it is named after a guy who invented our town .
persona
i love going to concerts on the weekend.
i collect stamps.
my favorite color is blue.
my mom taught me how to play the cello.
persona II
i'm a small business owner.
my clients are gamblers.
i help them win a lot of money.
i give out sports information.
dialogue
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
hi ! very nice ! how was yours ? i wnet to a concert !
party weekend . . it was great
i've not had one of those in a long time . sounds fun !
you should try with ur friends
you aren't going to invite me ? lol
course . . where are u from now ? ?
i'm from wherever i send you a postcard from . i travel a lot
great hobby . . i'm a small business man
very cool ! i think that would be a lot of fun
where you travel recently . . anything interesting ?
unfortunately i have not . i have learning how to play the cello
my friends are big casino players
i have been twice . i spent 20 the first time and 10 the second
they usually gets lot of money
i wish casinos were blue my favorite color
persona
i am a vegan.
i love country music.
i've been at my job for seven years.
i love the beach.
i like to read.
persona II
i got a job as a coach at a local highschool.
we just bought a house near her parents.
my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.
i'm proposing tonight.
dialogue
hey i am a coach of high school football . whats your job ?
i have been a hospital coder for seven years
i'm started to settle down bought home near the inlaws to be .
congrats ! i hope to be doing the same next year
my lady is 6 months along so i need to do it u quick .
that's for sure . your first kiddo ?
yes looking forward to coach him one day
what sport do you coach ?
planning a surprise proposal if we are winning at halftime of football game
oh that is cute . i hope all goes well
me too living near her parents makes it iffy
i've lived near my inlaws twice . it can suck or it can be awesome
i am hoping awesome since i work and will be living locally
my current inlaws are pretty rad
persona
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i'm stuck in the past due to remotness.
i've no technological skills.
i love the outdoors.
persona II
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i am chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
i love to larp.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hey there , i am doing pretty well , you ?
good , i'm just listening to some insane clown posse .
sounds like fun , i'm trying to hook up my smart box but i'm technology dumb
oh man me too , sorry i can not help you with that .
its all good , takes more coding than i know
i like interior design better , that's what i do for a living .
interior design ? i love being outdoors , its my favorite
i am over weight so i do not not out outside much
i spend a lot of time out doors with my puppy , he gets me outside
i have a cat she is the world to me
i have 4 ! i love them to pieces , i would have more if i could
right , me too . i'd be that one cat lady neighbor lol
oh without a doubt that is already me ! who needs people
persona
i go to yoga.
i used to be a meat eater but i'm now a vegan.
watching sports is fun.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
persona II
i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
i have bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
i like to build furniture.
my father is a retired police officer.
dialogue
its so hard for me to shop in stores , i've a break down
you should try yoga , its very relaxing and relieves stress
i want to but its hard to relax , thank goodness my dad use to be a cop
why do you find it hard to relax ?
i was held up in a store
what do you mean by held up ?
hostage , it was a robbery in the store i was selling furniture too
must have been a traumatic experience ! did the robber get caught ?
yes , i tried to block it with bowling , got a big score of 300 twice
bowling ? crazy ! so you like sports ?
i just like to make furniture
i see , what kind of furniture ?
persona
i work too many hours in a week.
i have a wife and children.
i'm insecure.
i am always hungry.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
i'm tall.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my favorite color is red.
i like to water ski.
dialogue
hello , what are you up to today ?
i am always thinking about what others might be thinking of me
that was suddenly deep . why do you think that way ?
i don't know , i just think a corvette will fix me
material things are pointless . helping others is what determines the worth of a person
my wife an kid can fit so why not ?
are you having a mid life crisis ? my dad went through that after retiring fromthe pd .
really ? i am really starving what you eat ?
breads are filling . i mostly eat ramen for lunch at the nursing home i work at .
i hate working allyl these hours omg
i know what you mean . i'd rather be water skiing .
i am just never enough i might be too gat
if it bothers you so much try and change it with a work out .
its terrible huuuhhh , i am starving like marvin
try distracting yourself with volunteer work or hobbies .
i think people will laugh at me for being huge there
persona
my boyfriend is in acting school.
i hate popcorn.
i'm constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.
nachos make me happy.
i work in a movie theater.
persona II
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have a car.
i do not have any children.
i live near a park.
dialogue
hey there , hows it going ?
its going great just left work
that's cool , i am enjoying my retirement
its going great just left work
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
its going great just left work
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
its going great just left work
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
i wish i could make films but i'm stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
you got a lot of time left , still plenty of opportunities
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
you got a lot of time left , still plenty of opportunities
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
persona
my favorite band is hop along.
i like to play video games.
i have been working the same job for two years.
i am a musician.
my father used to be a mechanic.
persona II
i go to bed pretty late.
i am in school to be a computer engineer.
my passion is in programming.
one day i hope to own my own company.
my best friend is gay.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i love hop along because it ; s a cool band
what kind of music is that ?
i'm fine , and you ? do you like musicians ? i'm one .
what instrument do you play
it is a teen age band . what video games do you play ? i love to play .
i play sometime when not in class
two years i am in the same job , what do you do ?
i do computer programming and stuff
ha ha , glad you like to play , what do your father do ?
i am nots ure really , you ?
my dad was a mechanic
persona
i wish i could write in cursive.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
i listen to a lot of strange music.
persona II
i work as an extra for major motion pictures.
i am a talented singer and have won several competitions.
i am an aspiring writer.
i have a set of identical twin brothers.
i am a painter and love to create art.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you
great ! just waiting on something interesting to happen . you ?
good ! just got off work as an extra for a motion picture ! what do you do ?
a bit of everything and you ? the weather is starting to get cooler here .
i do a few things , another is an aspiring writer
nice ! i like reading . i cannot wait for winter strong cold winds ! do u have hobbies
winter winds are cool ! my main hobby would be singing , and you ?
i like to listen to weird music . do you have family ?
i do , i've two brothers they're actually identical twins . . and you ?
how neat ! i've two brothers . one younger one older .
that's neat aswell ! what do you do for work ?
i do data entry how about you ?
i mainly work for an extra for major motion pictures
that must be an awesome job . it sounds exciting .
oh yes it keeps me entertained . something to do when i am not writing anyway
are you close to having anything published ?
persona
i work as a barista.
my favorite color is orange.
i am a vegan.
my favorite flower is a rose.
persona II
i live with my parents.
i think i might need help.
i get sad a lot.
i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
i'm doing good how are you doing ?
i am sad like always
why are you sad ? maybe drink coffee .
i still never moved out of my parents house and i am 60
is it a money issue ?
no i just never married
why could you not move out on your own ?
i do not know how to do that
what do you mean ?
i do not know how to move out
you just do it . your 60 right ?
yes but i don't know how it is hard
what do you do for work ?
just got fired to be honest i just need some help
can you make a good cup of coffee ?
persona
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i have a few pet iguanas.
i am pretty poor financially.
i have a brother but we don't talk much yet.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
persona II
i like to snowboard.
i like to ride horses.
i have an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
i live in rural wisconsin.
my favorite food is popcorn.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
i am sad because i feel so broke
do you feel broke because you are broke ?
yes , i feel like i'd be doing better if my brother would help me
why wo not your brother help ?
we really don't talk to each other very often
mine either . he plays in the nfl
that is so cool ! but , whatever , , ,
whats the rest of your hobbies ?
not much , i have pets , but they are kind of lame
i have horses they rule
that is so nice ! i have 2 dogs that should be able to read
you should introduce them to air bud ?
i do not know what air bud is . . . ? i also have some iguanas , i love them
air bud the super dog ?
still don't understand ta
persona
i don't like wearing a swimsuit.
my parents are lawyers.
if i cannot order it on the internet , i do not need it.
winter is my favorite season.
persona II
i love hanging out with my friends.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
my favorite food is shrimp.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
dialogue
hi ! just got home from the casino . how are you ?
i'm like , so totally annoyed at my friend becky .
oh noes ! what did becky do ? did she steal your shrimp ? ? that would annoy me
nobody touches my shrimps . that is all i eat th . shrimp and starbucks . but , no .
org ! i love shrimp ! my friends and i go around trying new shrimp places .
i make people bring me my shrimps . i only shop online .
me too ! i met a maybe ? vampire last time i went to the mall . scary !
my parents would not let me date a vampire . they are uncool lawyers .
ll my mom is a palm reader . she's awesome .
i want her to read my palm . does she offer online readings ?
no , but if you are ever in new orleans she is on bourbon street . walking welcome !
nah , i will just stay home . i'm waiting for winter to come .
persona
i am not going to go the extra mile anymore.
i've 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i want to get married again.
i'm angry at my coworker.
i wish my boyfriend did not want an open relationship.
persona II
i've been to canada two times my entire life.
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
i have never been to the west coast of the united states.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970s.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
dialogue
hello , what are you up to today ?
hi . i'm not in the best mood
oh , why is that so ?
divorced with a boyfriend who does not want the kind of relationship i do
oh , no . i see why that could be bad .
i hope your life is better . i used to go the extra mile , but not anymore
my life is fine . i was recently featured on the local news .
very cool ! what did you do to get featured ?
i organized an adoption day for a local shelter dedicated to pit bulls .
what a good thing to do . maybe you can help me be a better person
i find sometimes it helps to get away when life has you down .
my coworker got promoted even though i've ten years experience
it could be worse . my dad was a taxi driver in the 70s . he hated it .
i could not be a taxi driver . i'm not good at driving on the freeways
persona
i'm a deaf man.
i love to read books.
i never learned how to drive.
my favorite number is 7.
i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.
persona II
i play guitar.
i have four daughters.
i am a michigan state trooper.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
not bad . i wish it was the 7th . that is my favorite number . you ?
also 7 , don t know why . do you like music ?
i'm a deaf . but my wife listens to it . i feel the vibrations .
i like the guitar , i know how to play very good . do you have kids ?
7 . since i've never driven , my wife was always running them around . you ?
i love my four daughters , also michigan state troopers , i used to be one
nice . you retired ? i am . i just read books now . at least 7 a week .
yes , i just love to eat chocolate cake , with extra frosting
my wife says i am weird , cause i like to scratch my nose . cake , yum !
it s not weird , normal things .
thanks . what else do you like ?
pretty much everything with extra frosting .
i can understand that ! you married ?
yes , i am married and have four kids
you need 3 more . then you too will have 7 .
persona
my dad is very strict with his kids.
i've one close friend i grew up with.
i worry about money even though i'm in high school.
i wished i was older so i could move out.
i am dissatisfied with the school life i've had so far.
persona II
i like to live off of the land.
the idea of working is not my cup of tea.
i am a free spirit.
i am all about family and fun.
my parents were like this as well.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . i am just a high school student worrying about money
everyone is worrying about money
yes . not good . hight schools been difficult . not satisfied with it thus far .
what do you like to do for earning ?
work at a coffee shop with my one close friend . and yourself ?
i like to work as a freelancer .
that is awesome . what do you do ?
just what i said , freelancing
yes , but exactly what .
i am an expert in graphics design . do you like graphics design ?
i do ! that is awesome . i love that !
as a freelancer , i like my job . i like what i do
yes . love that you can have the ability to work from home .
persona
i have a daughter.
i wish magic was real.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i love christmas.
i like fantasizing.
persona II
i live in california.
my favorite thing to do is read.
i like to eat spaghetti.
my newest car is a chevy.
i work at a power plant.
dialogue
hey there
hello
where do you live ?
cali . u ?
same
north or south ?
irvine
i am in riverside
nice , that is pretty close huh
yeah my daughter is going to uci this fall
cool . . whats your favorite hobby
probably shopping lol hbu ?
persona
i don't trust anyone.
i do not like trying new things.
i want to be alone sometimes.
i feel competitive against other women.
persona II
i drive an suv.
i have a vacation home in the mountains.
i have a law degree.
i have 3 dogs.
dialogue
hello there . how are you today ?
i have a hard time trusting people
well you can trust me
i'm wary of trying anything new
that's no fun . new things are exciting
maybe at times i guess
i bought an suv and filled it with dogs !
now that sounds like a good time
we go everywhere and they poop everywhere
ohhh no ! ! ! ! ! ! , i wouldn't want to clean that up
i've too . but it is worth it
eh , that's why i like being alone at times
ya . having my space can be good
yep , time to clear my head get thoughts in order
thoughts always need reorganizing here
if i could remember mine i'd be good
persona
i have a doberman.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a man.
i work on trucks.
i'm twenty five years old.
persona II
i just started college.
i've 3 science classes.
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
i commute by bus.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing this morning ?
hey , i'm good . you ?
i am good . just trying to get my day started for my college classes .
i went to collage for a bit . now i spend my time working on trucks .
nice . i'm trying to be a scientist someday so i've three science classes today .
awesome . you must be around my age . i'm 25 .
no . just 18 . you must have been driving for years now being 25 .
i like to drive around with my doberman charley .
nice ! wish i had a dog and car . stupid bus rides get on my nerves .
well you'll be able to afford one soon i'm sure .
i hope so . my dad needs let me use the car more . you live on your own ?
yeah , my dad said all men need to live on their own at 18 .
not mine thankfully . still living with the parents . hopefully the dorm by next year .
dorms are fun . a lot of ramen noodles and pizza . i love pizza .
hopefully ! maybe meet some cool girls . i'm kind of awkward .
just do not be afraid to meet people and make friends . girls will come .
persona
i don't have a job.
i love the walking dead.
i eat junk food.
i am a couch potato.
i love comics.
persona II
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
my mother met elvis.
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ? do you live on the water ? i do .
doing good , just watching some the walking dead re runs .
i love that show ! i cannot wait for it to come back next sunday !
oh dude , same ! i'm so hyped . cannot wait for the crossover .
i couldn't get into fear . i switched to teen titans go !
go was awful . original teen titans all the way ! i like the comics better though .
i loved it , same with preacher . i am waiting for ride to come back .
whoa dude , are we talking twd or go ?
ride with norman , it is coming back in november .
okay . . . yeah i know . how do you feel about death stranding ?
i am not a fan . are you ?
seriously ? how can you not like kojima ? plus del toro and reedus , it looks awesome .
it didn't connect with me . are you a star wars fan ?
heck yeah ! now we are talking .
before rogue one came out , return of the jedi was my favorite .
more of an empire strikes back kind of guy , but anything from the original trilogy is good .
persona
my mother is a professional make up artist.
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
i sometimes think i m shallow.
if i want it , i buy it.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm studying for my master s.
i am a student in social sciences.
i also like eating sushi.
cooking is one of my pass times.
dialogue
hi i love pizza pizza pizza
i prefer sushi . it s expensive but i believe if you want something you get it
sushi is also my favorite food
my mom came back from a wedding she worked at and brought some home !
i love cooking every day
i don t . too much work . i d rather have someone cook for me
sure , what is your favorite color ?
dusky blue . mom does makeup for pay and she showed me an awesome eyeshadow
i wish she would show me some mak up
i m sure she would . if you paid her .
i have an extra ten somewhere around here
haha ! i m getting ready to watch tmz , gotta keep up with celeb gossip
that sounds like fun . . . not
it is fun . talking about how fat they're or stupid they act .
do you have any pets .
i want a dog but they re too much trouble with having to feed them
persona
i love wearing name band clothing.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i've woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i spend my evening creating the perfect music playlist.
persona II
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i've lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i'm very athletic.
i've been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i get distracted easily.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am good , getting ready for a date
sounds fun ! i am currently single .
i consider myself a ladies man . . tall and handsome
you are just the type i go for .
wow i am very intrigued . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a police officer . what do you do ?
i'm an accountant . i had an offer to play in the nba
that is exciting . i work security at some sporting events .
i like the corporate world better . plus i look suave in my suits lol
i like not having to sit behind a desk , i'm also in school .
so what do you do for fun ?
i play a lot of sports , what do you do ?
i like the night life . parties and dancing
those are the calls i respond too the most .
lol those are the wild parties
persona
my favorite color is hunter green.
i'd like to open a restaurant someday.
i'm a personal chef.
i love creating new recipes.
persona II
my favorite color is green.
i love watching funny movies.
my dad is a veteran.
i like to play tennis.
i listen to all kinds of music.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
great ! just came up with a new recipe for my cookbook .
you are writing a book ? are you a chef ?
personal chef , yes . i'm hoping a book will help me fund a restaurant .
wow ! what kind of restaurant do you want to open ?
i'd love a fine dining steak and seafood place .
very cool , i love seafood . do you have any other hobbies ?
i hike , read , craft . what about you ?
i love tennis , going to concerts , and watching movies
i've not played tennis in years but i used to love it .
it is great . i play all the time . i love playing on green grass
green is my favorite color !
really me too ! what are the odds !
amazing ! we were meant to be friends .
persona
i love playing tennis.
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i am the youngest of 3.
persona II
i've won tap dance competitions.
i've a twin brother.
i love to bake cakes.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi , i like playing tennis . do you ?
not really , i prefer to dance . specifically tap dance .
do you tap dance often ?
yes ! i have won competitions . do you like to dance ?
do you dance for a living ?
no , it is just a hobby . what hobbies do you have ?
that is nice . i like to read . mysteries are my favorite . you ?
i enjoy reading too ! what is your favorite book ?
i like the hercule poirot novels . what do you like to read ?
david copperfield is my favorite book , but i prefer utopian novels .
i like dystopian novels as well as mysteries . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a baker , i specialize in cake decorating . what do you do ?
i'm in school full time for a law degree . wish i knew how to bake . have kids ?
i don't currently have children , but i want to in the future . do you ?
i don't have kids . i have two older siblings so i do want children .
persona
i am gay but i haven't told my parents yet.
i like comic books and anime.
when i've free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
i play a lot of video games.
persona II
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i am in college now and want to be a teacher.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
i will be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hi i'm good and you ?
pretty good , graduation is coming up and i'm excited !
high school ; or college ?
college . i am studying education and hope to become a teacher as soon as i gey my degree
what grades are you going to teach ?
the younger the better , i want to give back !
that is very nice of you
my first teachers in america really made an impact on my life
where are you from originally ?
my family and i are from argentina , but we moved to the states when i was five
what language do you speak ?
english and spanish . you ?
just english
persona
my favorite band is the beatles.
i am a paramedic.
i'm studying to become a nurse.
i have three sisters.
i live in a studio apartment.
persona II
i like watching the walking dead.
i like reading a lot.
my favorite books are the harry potter books.
i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.
i practice vegetarianism.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
i am so tired honestly
walking dead , are you watching it too ?
no , i'm just trying to study
try to read books , to get you relaxed , i like harry potter books
i am reading a nursing book
or game of thrones , those books are amazing ! the series !
i'm not reading this for fun . i'm trying to learn .
how about , maintaining a good diet , try being a vegetarian , it helps me .
i might listen to some music
this is to help you with your studies , it is effective
i wish i didn't have to work tomorrow
oh no , just relax for now
i will try , what are you up to ?
persona
my family has moved 40 times.
i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.
i've purple hair.
i am 6 feet tall.
i'm a genius.
persona II
i daydream during work.
i have bad luck with relationships.
i m a hopeless romantic.
i have trouble getting motivated.
i slack off on my homework.
dialogue
hi there . i day dream a whole lot
i'm a strange modern hippie with purple hair and very tall . how about you ?
i always have bad relationships
bad relationships are hard to deal with unless you have many good ones .
and i'm very romantic so its hard
yes , i'm too , but i've also been very sexually promiscuous , which helps .
i just cant get motivated
i have a high i . q . , but that does not necessarily motivate me either .
i just lay around all day
a layabout , eh ? i find something to do lying down or partially sitting up .
you are canadian are not you
no , i'm american , from the south and living now in manhattan .
wow ok you sould smart
yes , smart , but that does not get you everything . looks matter tremendously .
i disagree , i am very fat but awesome
yes , that's definitely the case sometimes . some fat people are superb .
persona
i watch a lot of movies.
i am a stay at home mom.
i do not have much energy.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
persona II
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
some call me a hopeless romantic.
dialogue
hi
hey , any big plans for the weekend ?
i am going to vegas . . . . hbu ?
very cool , no not really , staying home with daughter . maybe go to the park
i live out of my car so i decided to drive to vegas for the weekend
i would not have energy for that !
i just dropped out of school last month so i am kinda winging it
well good luck with that , do you eat a lot of fast food then ? its my favorite
i eat what people give me
i see
sometimes i've to go dumpster diving . vegas is great for that
yea they have very nice restaurants and throw away perfectly good food .
they're the most wasteful . i can get booze too
i like to drink booze and hit up the movies .
persona
i live in springfield , mo.
i'm a writer.
i just bought my first home.
i love to barbecue.
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
persona II
my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
i love to surf.
i'm starting a new juicing bar.
i'm a vegetarian.
dialogue
hi ! do you like to read ? i do !
very much . my job is writer
maybe i've read something you have written while on the beach
i love to go hunting . we are living in montano
i have a very different life surfing in california
you are right . i am very happy i am moving to my new home .
good luck ! i'm starting a smoothing and juice cafe so i need luck too
good lock for you too . i want to barbecue with my brothers soon .
that sounds nice . hopefully you can at your new house
my house has a big garden . barbecue party will be wonderful .
enjoy that ! i hope you do not barbecue meat though !
i'm good at hunting . we are hunting many times in a year .
oh no i don't eat any meat and am against hunting
i'm sorry to hear that . you are different from me .
yes that's okay usually but hunting is just awful
you should try it . awesome . feels wonderful .
persona
i'm a ballet dancer.
i work many hours rehearsing for my show.
i like movies based on comedies.
my favorite food is hamburgers.
persona II
i like to do all my shopping at walmart.
i m deathly terrified of heights.
i prefer to live where the weather s cold.
winter s my favorite time of the year.
i m really excited to see how game of thrones ends.
dialogue
hi want to get to know each other ?
nice to meet you . i sometimes challenge people to dance battles on the street .
wow that's exciting . i prefer tv to dance battles
ballet dance battles is my expertise . i like comedy flicks n hamburgers .
i love game of thrones , do you watch ?
i work too many hours at rehearsal for dragons in my life .
lol that is too bad dragons are awesome
i watch a lot of cat videos though . so that is something .
haha i guess so . do you like winter ?
i complain when it is too cold and complain when it is too hot . you know ?
not me i love cold weather . i buy all the cute sweaters at walmart
my chest is so defined i bust out of all the cute walmart sweaters .
well that look works for some people
i've to get back to dancing . it is what i love . besides hamburgers .
i hope you mean cheeseburgers
i'm lactose intolerant . f . m . l .
persona
i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.
i am 17.
i m about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.
i go to a catholic high school in new england.
i have lived a very sheltered life.
persona II
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i really enjoy making friends.
i play the trumpet.
dialogue
hi , want to get to know each other
hello sure i am 17 and you
me too , i like music do you ?
no i live a very sheltered life
do you like that ? i would go crazy
no i do not and my parents are sending me to a very liberal college
do you get to watch movies ?
no i do not i go to a catholic high school what about you
oh well i love movies , my dad and i collect them
my dads a farmer we grow wild oats together
well that sounds a little boring
its not i enjoy nature and stay away from society
well whatever suits you . do you have a lot of friends ?
yeah were all going to the same college how about you
i like to make friends from all walks of life
well you have a new friend here nice to know you
persona
i'm a christian.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
i work in the it industry.
i like football.
persona II
i am a mother of two daughters.
my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.
i've always enjoyed telling stories to people.
i work as a english teacher.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm great the lord woke me up today
i agree what do yo do for work ?
i work in the it field i love fixing and building computers and yourself ?
i'm a teacher i hope to retire and write the rest of my life
oh wow that is awesome what is favorite football team
i do not really watch sports
do you like kings of leon my favorite by them is use somebody
yea i do . my dog threw a fart in my face
wow very funny but how a dog throw a fart and how bad did it smell
i like cuddling with him he is nasty
i like to back and enjoy a good game with jesus picture next to me
i've two girls . do you have any kids ?
yes i've a son who is in college
persona
i have a dog.
she taught me to cook.
i opened up a restaurant three years later.
my mother is from russia.
she died when i was 18.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i've a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
dialogue
hello hello . how are you ?
hello , how are you doing this morning ? i just finished walking my dog .
i live in the city so it was a bit chilly earlier .
yuck . i do not like cold weather . reminds me of russia , where my mom is from .
she's from russia ? that is pretty cool . when did your family come here ?
she came here 50 years ago , i've a russian restaurant .
nice ! i bet its tough owning a restaurant huh ?
it is , but it does have its rewards . mom taught me to cook , i use her recipes .
genuine russian food , i wish we had something like that in this city .
where are you ? i am in cleveland .
i'm based in new york city actually .
very nice ! i have always wanted to visit .
actually , if ever you do visit i can show you a really good jazz club .
i have not been to a jazz club since my last visit to chicago , eight years ago .
i haven't been there . is it nice there ?
i love it . i cannot wait to go back .
persona
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i only have three best friends.
persona II
i like to garden.
i like to build things.
i like to travel.
i'm tall.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hey , i like race cars and games
what kind of games do you like to play ?
racing games , i'm not the typical girl
you sound adventurous . i like adventure , especially traveling to new place .
well i am only 14 but i've big crazy dreams
what kind of things do you dream of doing when you get older ?
race car driver , bungee jumping in paris and pursuing a career in science
cool . you must be smart . i am more of a creative type .
i like to think so . what do you do ?
i like to work with my hands . i enjoy building things .
cool . . my best friends and i are building a clubhouse
awesome ! i recently built a greenhouse because i've gotten into gardening .
my grandparents have a garden in our backyard
do you know what kind of things they're growing in their garden ?
greens , peas , peppers and lots of spices
persona
i listen to techno music , exclusively.
my wardrobe is all band tees.
i go to multiple comic cons.
my job involves building drones.
i am an anime fan.
persona II
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
i've three daughters.
i love to go horseback riding.
dialogue
hi . i just got off work . i am a police officer in the detroit suburbs
awesome , thanks for your service . thanks for protecting us
you are welcome . what are you doing today ?
enjoying a anime japanese movies , mononoke
my wife and i like horseback riding and scuba diving .
sound fun . where do you live ?
outside of detroit with my wife and three daughters .
how is the weather like in detroit this time of the year
too warm which is weird . i want some halloween kind of weather .
i know right , should be cool by now
are you in school or do you work somewhere ?
i work , build stuff for a living . i work for a drone company
that is cool . drones are everywhere it seems .
yeah they are , it is the new technology
do you follow sports , basketball , baseball or any other ?
not really , spend most time going to comic cons
i am not familiar with comic cons except for big bang theory .
lol , no worries not everyone are
persona
my favorite artist is 2pac.
i like to listen to rap music.
i drive a fast car.
my car is black.
my favorite song is california love.
persona II
i whine a lot.
i try to limit how much i eat.
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
i hate paying my bills.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i doing good . just been for a drive in my fast car listening to 2pac
is that your favorite music
my favorite artist yeah . makes me look cool in my black car
do you like the color black
i love the color black . so , do you like 2pac ? rap is the best
i think that he is okay
you should listen to california love . its awesome . what do you like ?
i like to watch a lot of tv
what do you watch on tv ?
i watch everything that i can
what else do you enjoy ?
i do not like doing anything else
oh . well maybe you should come on a drive with me . i will change that
do you drive a space craft
i wish i did just a fast car
persona
i have a thick full beard.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i'm only 5 foot tall.
persona II
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
i own five pairs of the same pants.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am ok . how are you ?
i am daydreaming . want to quit job and become a bieber roadie .
sounds good ! i am having a barbecue with my brothers .
what are you guys cooking ?
hamburgers and hot dogs . lots of them .
nice . i hate waiting in line to get food .
me , too . whats your job that you want to quit ?
i'm a prom photographer . i still have my prom pic in my wallet . you ?
not me ! i looked like a red topped mushroom at my prom !
a lot of people do . believe me .
glad to hear i am not alone ! now i look like young santa claus .
persona
i am italian american.
my favorite color is blue.
i paint with watercolors.
i work in finance.
i hate cleaning.
persona II
i drive a ford truck.
i'm a police officer.
i've been married 3 times.
i've a gun collection at home.
dialogue
ford trucks , i drive em , that is what i drive
i love my blue , ford mustang , only i despise detailing it .
i am the police , i am a cop , i am police cop !
oh . i dated one of you . i am an investigative accountant .
probably , i had 3 wives , married each one .
i'm italian , we tend to marry once . . . unless the guy is a jerk .
i keep my gun collection in my house , just so you know ;
as do i . along with other weapons . do you have any other hobbies ? i paint .
just my ford truck that i drive is parked outside
ah . . . sorry , no hobbies other than a truck . i can see why you are single .
i am a cop or police officer , get it ?
are you camping along the highway , waiting to light someone up ?
persona
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
i don't like wearing pants when i don't have to.
i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books.
i'm a really , really good guitar player.
persona II
i enjoy horseback riding.
i'm a full time mom.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
dialogue
care to chat with a justin timberlike fan ? he's my fav !
sure i am not much of a fan tho
its ok , ev1 has their own
what do you do for a living ?
i am a stay at home mom full time to 2 great boys
i love to read john gresham books . not too crazy about the books
i enjoy riding horses do u have any hobbies ?
i'm awesome at playing the guitar
that is wonderful have you played any gigs ?
no its more of a hobby
well , that's okay too have any plans for the weekend ?
i'm gonna stay home and read
oh , so a quiet weekend
how about you ? any plans ?
persona
i love to walk my dog everyday after work.
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
i also dance and sing.
i want to be a famous actor.
persona II
i'm allergic to shellfish and cats.
i only eat at restaurants.
i like having my back scratched.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
dialogue
today is a beautiful day , but why must i stay in such dismay
i am sorry . that's no fun . you should get a dog !
i cannot afford a dog when i am living in a log
ah i see . i was living in la , but i just moved to tokyo
have you ever lived on a ranch as a rodeo ?
i haven't . my dream is to be famous as an actor
how lucky are you if you ever become an actor ?
i'd think extremely lucky ! i want to sing and dance too !
i dream to be a noble artist , but i know that'sn't where my heart is
never give up on your dreams ! sometimes they just take practice
how much practice , a little or lot , you are special , something i am not
you are indeed special . everyone is !
of course we all are , even with our beautiful scars
we do all have scars . mine are from my dog and our post work walks .
i shall draw you are special using my last piece of chalk
that would be absolutely beautiful . a wonderful final message
yes you are beautiful , like an angel from the highest heavens
indeed . you are as well . well i have to go now , goodbye
persona
my name is dave.
i love hiking and staying fit.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
persona II
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i own a black suburban.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
dialogue
hello , my kids have a soccer game and a basketball game this weekend .
really ? we are thinking about going on a hike or maybe fishing .
i love driving in the mountains in my suburban named midnight .
we drive the mountains in vegas
i want to go to paris and make clothes .
whats your name by the way ?
my name is vodka , what is yours ?
its dave , nice to meet !
you too ! i like to go out with my friends and party .
same here but sometimes we go fishing as well
we drink apple martinis . fishing sounds fun .
apple martinis sound fun too ! lol
yes , my friends really encourage me .
do you like to hike ?
yes , i do , but in russia there are few mountains to hike
i guess that's true but lots of fishing
persona
i like to read true crime novels.
i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
i have two dogs.
i'm close to both of my brothers.
i travel every year to disney world.
persona II
i like sleeping in.
i love fall and winter.
i sometimes wonder why i am not married.
i've brown hair.
i like eating healthy foods.
dialogue
hello
hello , do you like dogs ? i love animals , i've 2 dogs .
i do like animals but do not have any .
do you travel ? i go to disney world each year with family .
i do like to travel and love disneyland , never been to disney world
i like to read , favorites are true crime novel and anything stephen king . do you read ?
i do like to read . love to read under a tree during the fall
great place , fall is wonderful . do you work ?
fall and winter are my favorite ! no i'm unemployed right now .
i was unemployed , but just got a job as a secretary at an insurance agency .
nice ! i usually get fired from my jobs because i have trouble waking up early .
ll , i can relate . , do you have siblings ? i have 2 brothers , we are close .
persona
i dye my hair blonde.
i love dancing.
i'm an only child.
i like going to foreign countries.
i've 3 cats.
persona II
i play the drums.
i work at the pizza parlor.
i'm the oldest of three boys.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
dialogue
good day ! how are you ?
great . the weather is awesome . i am chilling on the porch with my 3 cats .
sounds good . i just finished playing my drums and now i am getting ready for work .
i love to use the drum beats to find my rhythm when dancing .
cool . i play at the pizza parlor where i work on saturdays .
sounds fun ! do you like to travel ? i spent my summer touring europe .
wow ! i've not traveled much . i grew up in the poor area of chicago .
oh . did you have any siblings to play with ? i am the only child .
i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . you did not have anyone to fight with .
the kids at school teased me about my red hair , its blonde now .
that's too bad you got teased . kids can be mean .
they sure can . so , on a more positive note , what do you like to do ?
persona
my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
my cat s name is leroy jenkins.
i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.
persona II
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am 19 years old.
i'm a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
my favorite player is mike trout.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm doing great ! i'm just snuggling with my cat .
cats are cool ! i've a cat name mike trout
ah , a sports fan . i'm more of a geek myself
that is fun . i'm only 19 and made our college baseball team
talented much ? lol ! my only skills are mashing buttons on my vg controller .
ohhhh that sounds like much fun
it really is ! do you play video sports too or just real ones ?
just the real ones , not a big game person
i understand . they're not for everyone . what else do you like to do ?
i like to shop at sport stores
i'm more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire . . . lol !
that's really funny ! never wore those
i say they look sweet , but they can kind of hurt my shoulders sometimes .
are they really heavy on the shoulders ?
a little , but they go with my whole nerd persona , so i put up with it .
persona
i like going to the moives.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
i'm on a keto diet.
persona II
my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
i like running in marathons.
dialogue
hi . how are you ?
i'm good . i just got done working as an act in a traveling fair .
that sound interesting . what is your act ?
i throw balls in the air and catch them , just like my family .
speaking of family , i do not want to take over my father business .
what is your fathers business ?
an appliance store . boring .
i would like to work in a movie store . i really like movies .
me too . especially films made in other countries . what is your favorite ?
i like movies about dogs . i have two dogs . do you have pets ?
one dog . he runs beside me when i run . even marathons .
i like fitness too . i'm eating on a keto plan now to help train .
interesting . i never eat out . just at home .
what do you like to do ?
persona
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
i like to go swimming.
i have a garden in my yard.
i like to make fresh pies.
persona II
i have three children.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i'm a teacher.
i like to garden.
dialogue
hi there , how are you doing ?
i'm doing alright , how are you doing this evening ?
pretty good . just put the three kids to bed .
sounds relaxing . any plans this weekend ?
just grading . i am a high school teacher .
i plan on making a pie with fruit from my garden .
mmm . i love pie . i've a garden in the back of my suburban home too .
nice . i wish i had a swimming pool to go with my garden but alas .
me too especially this hot summer we had .
thankfully i can afford ac on my grocery store cashier salary but not a pool
yea , it would have been unbearable without ac .
its mans triumph over nature .
haha , true . best invention ever .
so do you teach your kids ? ac in the class room ?
persona
i like chicken nuggets.
i love animals.
i love reading.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
persona II
my wife is a nurse.
i have 2 kids.
i like to play baseball.
i'm a doctor.
my favorite place is the mountains.
dialogue
hi , my name is dan . what is yours ?
hi there , nice to meet you . my name is sara .
hi sara . are you married ?
no . i enjoy eating chicken nuggets . what about you ?
i like to go camping in the mountains .
that is awesome ! i myself am more of a book worm and prefer reading .
books are cool ! what kind of books do you like to read ?
i love all kinds of books , especially thriller !
i don't read much . i would like to in the future .
i also love music , i particularly love listening to a band called a fine frenzy
never heard of that band . i just listen to worship music .
nice ! tell me more about yourself .
i got a boy and girl . thier ages are 12 and 10 .
that is awesome ! have any pets ? i have a huge love for all animals .
persona
my husband was a salesman.
i like to cook.
i've a cat named kj.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
i've lived in several different states.
persona II
i've a hard time feeling connected with people.
i grew up homeschooled.
i care deeply about animals.
i take my emotions out through art.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am great how are you ?
i'm alright . were you homeschooled ?
no i went to different schools in several states . you ?
i was homeschooled . it was awkward
you know what is awkward ? my cat kj
do you care about kj though ?
i do , i even cook for her
i also deeply love my pets
what pets do you have ?
so many that i have lost count
when i was a nurse people brought in pets .
i cannot connect w people that is why i love pets
my husband does sales so i get that
persona
i am a personal chef.
i'd like to open a restaurant someday.
in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.
i love creating new recipes.
persona II
i go surfing any chance i get.
my dreams are often bizarre.
i could never be locked down to one partner.
i earn passive income that no one knows about.
dialogue
hey ! i'm pete . i live in san diego . born and raised .
hey i'm sam , i work as a chef in new york city
sweet ! what kind of restaurant ?
we create new styles of pizza
cool . i go out to eat quite a bit . sometimes it just sucks cooking for one .
really i love to cook , hire me
that would be awesome ! leave me more time for surfing
i also work as a personal chef , pizza is my passion food
whats your fave pizza ? surfing and ladies are my hobby !
veggie pizza and i make different styles
cool ! i've thought about opening a surf shop since i love it
you should do that follow your passion turn into income
i've some investment income i really don't talk about but i should smarter about
you joint right thing take your time to use it the right way
persona
i've not had to work a day in my life.
i think i need botos soon.
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
i am fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuitton.
i don't know why my sister in law dislikes me.
persona II
i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
i'm from sterling heights , michigan.
my favorite movie is titanic.
i work part time at aldis.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
just swell how are you doing ?
doing great ! what are you up to ?
oh just polishing my broken cuticles .
jojoba oil really helps that . i've a nail oil brush and its changed my life
your busted ! that's over 15 words !
ink how that even happened lol . i talk a lot i guess
ok your not going to make me lol !
today was a very strange day indeed
ufos over new york and i am not too surprised !
hurricanes , earthquakes , wildfires , tsunamis , quite an eventful week for natural disasters
i am glad that did not go over  .
i am not normally so verbose
well its ok if you need to vent
persona
she taught me to cook.
she died when i was 18.
my mother is from russia.
i have a dog.
persona II
my favorite is rock fish.
i m going riding on my boat today.
i love tuna.
i live in cape hatteras.
i'm a fisherman.
dialogue
hello from a friendly fisherman from cape hatteras
well hello there ! how are you today ?
gorgeous day . i am feeling great . went for a ride in my boat today
that sounds lovely ! i did a lot of russian recipe cooking today !
what kind of food is that . of course i l love to eat fish , prefer tuna !
my mom came from russia and she taught me these recipes ! tuna is delicious !
how beautiful ! is your mom still living ? mine passed last year . sad !
sorry to hear that ! yes , she's still here ! i also have an adorable dog !
what breed of dog ? that's great .
it is a golden retriever puppy ! my last dog died when i was 18 .
you are blessed to have such a lovely dog . do you take him down by the water ?
all the time ! she loves to swim in the pond nearby !
come down to cape hatteras and enjoy the water with our family !
i should ! that sounds wonderful ! thank you for the offer !
persona
i've a beard.
i drive a truck.
i graduated high school.
i live on a farm.
persona II
i have one cat.
i'm not thin.
i like to sew.
my hair is brown.
dialogue
hi , my names is brett and my cat sam is amazing
hi brett . i am cindy . what kind of cat is sam ? .
i'm pretty average for my weight . not quite thing but not fat either .
i'm fat with a beard . i eat what i want . are you dieting ?
i also enjoy sewing or doing needle work . i've brown hair
i've never tried sewing . i'm a truck driver . do you like to drive ?
i'm pretty good at it . its not that hard to do .
what have you created with needle point ?
a lot of flower embroideries because i am good with those .
sounds beautiful . i grow a lot flowers on my farm .
that is awesome maybe you can give me a snap shot of it
i'd love to . are you active on a social media platform ?
i'm on facebook which is great
i love facebook and instagram . do you have a lot of followers ?
not many and do not care to have many followers
i love getting likes on my photos . what do you like about facebook ?
persona
i live near a park.
i listen to podcasts.
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have any children.
i do not have a car.
persona II
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite color is blue.
i like long walks on the beach.
dialogue
hi ! what are your hobbies ? i like to eat home cooked meals .
hi ! my life is simple , no cars , no kids , no chaos !
that is great . mine too . long walks on the beach , good music , etc .
i've a park near me too and take long walks there , specially in the evening .
i like walks too . especially when the sky is blue , that's my favorite color
purple is mine . i have purple sofa , rug , lamps , chairs , mirrors , everything !
how fun ! do you like to decorate ?
i buy what i like . i use my time to keep up with my podcasts .
i like podcasts too . there is a great one on pop music that i listen to regularly .
i like mystical ones , you know with mediums and spiritualists .
do you believe in ghosts and spirits ?
definately ! ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are
that's fascinating . i have never had that experience . all ordinary !
first time makes your skin crawl , at least for me !
persona
i like to make cookies.
i like to train dogs.
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to run.
i like bagels with everything on them.
persona II
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i love to read fiction books.
i like nfl and college football.
dialogue
hi there . i hope you like football !
hello ! not so much really , i'm more of a track star
well you could say i am into college football but i love nfl
do you have any other hobbies besides football ?
sometimes i read and watch movies . want to know what kinds ?
of course ! my favorite thing is to make cookies while watching movies .
i love sci fi and horror films , and fiction books are my favorite
personally , i like utopian literature , but all fiction is good for me .
i've been playing on my fantasy football league all evening
i've been thinking about training dogs , weird past time huh ?
no , not really . i love dogs ! especially great danes . i have two
those are great dogs , but i prefer corgis . i worked with them back in high school .
i believe the queen of england loves them also
the lady i worked for loved how the queen had corgis , she was quite a fanatic .
she sounds like a cool lady . dogs are so special !
what is your favorite drink ?
persona
i'm a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i am a vet tech.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i love to read.
persona II
i love family time.
i work for a online company from home.
i'm a soccer mom.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i cook every night.
dialogue
hi i'm a work from home mom so i can be there for kids
hello ! i work at a vet office
soccer is my kids sports we practice daily
i love horror movies do you ?
i coach cheerleading on the side when kids are out of school
i enjoy to read outside
we watch old movies alot when i cook
i enjoyed the it remake
family time matters most i didn't have it so lucky
i go to church every sunday . i love god
god is my helped with my child birth
church is so helpful and so is god
almost lost my son due to complications
i'm sorry to hear that .
i'm happy to have kids growing up doctors said i would never
that's cool . i'm ready for halloween .
persona
my mother is a school teacher.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i listen to country music.
i like to surf.
i'm a reality tv star.
persona II
i make straight as.
i'm very social.
i eat healthy.
i am in the band.
dialogue
i am still in school a i make good good grades , all as
well , that's good for you . my mom teaches school
i'm like a social butterfly since i'm apart of the band .
what kind of music ? i like country myself .
what subject an grade does your mom teach ?
she teaches math in high school .
i like hip hop an i love salads an fruits .
ah , i don't really listen to hip hop . i know a rapper guy though .
cool what grade does she teach ?
ninth through twelfth . mostly seniors though .
who is it you know ? wonder if i like the artist .
i do not know dignity doo or something . met him on this show we do .
persona
one day i'd really like to skydive.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
when i m not touring with the band , i like to garden.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
persona II
i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
i have shot a lion.
i want to climb mount everest.
i like to play with clay models.
i am not a good artist.
dialogue
i like to climb mountains .
i'd like to sky dive one day
i'm not good at art , but i like to play with models of clay .
nor am i but good at volunteering for the humane society
once , in africa , i shot a lion . it made me feel like an alien .
hy an alien ? i'm in an indian band and am a drummer
i cried during gone with the wind , but i laughed when i shot the lion .
that was tough movie saw it on dvd . i also garden
i'm the most interesting man in the world .
i share an apartment with my twin brother
what is your gender , assuming you have one ?
i'm pan gender , as in i do not consider myself a male or female
one day mount everest will worship me . i am the best .
haha if you say so . i do not think mount everest can bow .
what is a pan gender ? do they cook well ?
well i do not resonate being a girl or a boy .
persona
i'm constantly drinking.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i can t hold down a job for very long.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
persona II
i loove zumba.
i love the smell of beans.
i love huge paintings.
i like collecting rocks.
i like collectible dragon ball z figures.
dialogue
hello , it is nice to meet you
it is nice to meet you as well my name is mike . what are you doing
relaxing i like to explore outside and watch tv . and you ?
trying to kill this ring worm right now . nasty stuff
wow that does not sound too good . i had it before
yeah just kind of sneaks up on you . i am watching tv right now actually
nice ! i enjoy collecting figures of my favorite tv series
i have seen almost everything on netflix . whats your favorite
i like anime . it is the best ever . how about you ?
i am an otaku as well
awesome , do you have any hobbies ?
i live near a lot of casinos and i play cards often
cool , i don't play much cards . but i like the money aspect
i'm a blackjack fiend . you like one man punch ?
persona
i am a vegan.
i love the beach.
i love country music.
i like to read.
persona II
my favorite beer is coors.
i love to play basketball.
my wife is a hairdresser.
i work in car sales.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i'm doing very good , what about you ?
pretty good thanks . i'm a car salesman , what do you do ?
i'm a writer , i go to the beach and writer , when weather is okay
sounds nice . i go shoot hoops after work , i love to play . basketball .
really sounds like fun , i run on the beach for exercise
my wife runs after work . she's a hairdresser .
o yeah cool , still looking for mrs right haha , i read alot as well , do you ?
not much anymore . i do enjoy a few coors though , my favorite beer .
hey me to love some beer and i enjoy a cold coors
have to have some down time for yourself . life is crazy .
yes it is , good book on the beach and a beer , in another place haha
that's a good combination . hope everything goes well for you .
o yeah life is good , just have to balance and only do what you cn control
persona
i blame myself for all of my problems.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i am constantly drinking.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
persona II
my best friend is in a band with me.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i'm a musician.
dialogue
hello what do you like to do ?
hello , i like have a good time watching sports with friends
that's awesome , me and my best friend like to make music .
what kind of music do you like to make
i like hip hop and rap , what sports do you watch with your friend ?
we like to watch football , basketball and baseball
that's great ! i have wrote some songs on sports with my friend .
i spend more time with my friends than my family
me too , i would like to spend more time at home . what about you ?
i like to hang out a lot
what do you do what you hang out ?
sports bar , bars , and more bars
what do you enjoy drinking when you are at the bars ?
margaritas and whiskey i enjoy the most
my music instructor , who taught me since i was 5 , drank a lot of wine .
i tend to drink my problems away
persona
i'm trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i'm on a low carb diet.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
persona II
during the week , i work as a barista.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
my favorite book is the bible.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing today
on my 18th birthday i beat urinary cancer
oh wow . congrats on that
i'm well , i've to watch my carb intake so i'm on a diet
i am trying to do that but i am failing this wk
when i was in treatment , i listened to classical jazz
i love to read the bible . it helps me prepare for the next day
i want to become a guy model probably in hollywood
i work in a coffee shop on week days . and work at craft shows on week ends
wow you stay really busy , i just hang out
that's cool . i like to design jewelry
do you sell your jewelry ? i bet you could make alot of money
i try to at the craft shows i attend on weekends
i like to go to craft stores , where are your shows located
near birmingham al . i live in apartment close to there with my future husband
that is cool , how long have you guys dated for
persona
i have amazing eye sight.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i'm a democrat.
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i like to only eat fish.
persona II
i love to read.
i'm a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i'm a vet tech.
my favorite author is stephen king.
dialogue
good morning . how are you feeling ?
lousy . a million miles from the nearest ocean . man i sure miss fresh fish !
maybe you can read about the ocean . i adore books and they help .
always been afraid that books would ruin my keen eyesight . i'm a sharpshooter for the marines .
well i'll pray you get to the ocean soon . a christian prayer .
i am muslim myself . and so now a democrat . was republican until trump came in .
he is more frightening than all of the stephen king books i love .
i am more afraid of his presidency than a beating by either parent both huling 6 7 .
ll . . . yes i love horror movies and this is definitely one of them
well . at least i got my marine skills . repelling . vertical leap . holding breath .
sounds more exciting than my job as a vet tech
ink about that . at least the animals wo not be science deniers at you !
i suppose you are right about that .
maybe your job will lead to something more exciting a zoo job training 20 species .
persona
i've four cats.
i take the subway to work everyday.
i m a vegetarian.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i m afraid of clowns.
persona II
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello , i am well , just hanging out with my cats . how are you ?
i am doing ok . . . watching superman always makes me feel good !
i wish i could fly like superman ! i've to take the subway everyday .
i hate to fly because i hate heights ! are you married ?
no i live alone with my 4 cats . are you married ?
no . all of my girlfriends have cheated on me . . . but i'm dating a nice girl now .
i hope that works out ! i'm going to see my sister in canada soon .
i have never been to canada . do you play any instruments ?
no i don't , do you ?
funny but i can make fart noises . . . under my arms ! and i am not too bad !
that's gross . i've an intense fear of clowns .
is it really gross ? i think its funny . i hate clowns too .
i do not eat meat , do you ?
persona
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i'm a student.
i just started dating someone new.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i won a beauty pageant one time but did not feel like it was worth the effort.
i love owning nice office supplies.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight ?
i'm doing great and you ?
that's good to hear i'm well . do you have a favorite book ?
i don't but i love art . do you ?
my book is anne of green gables . what does your mom and dad do for a living ?
i am not sure really . yours ?
mom is a teacher and dad is a tax man .
well that sounds like a hoot . hobbies ?
i once won a pageant but it really was not worth the time . how about you ?
why not worth the time ?
too my time invested in something trivial . do you have hobbies ?
i just started dating someone so that i guess
persona
i love cold weather.
i love dark clothes.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i love non gmo foods.
persona II
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i am a senior citizen.
i've 4 children.
my husband was a career soldier.
i like to read.
dialogue
hello ! my name is granny jean
well that is a cool name you like all this hot weather ?
yes , my gran kids have been swimming the day away .
well that's awesome . i hate it lol . i prefer colder weather
truthful same here , i can sit by the fire with a good book .
yea . or jam some red hot chili peppers . i love those guys
oh my grandson loves them their dancing maggy song is nice
great song . what are you wearing ?
why . . . you are a peculiar .
i was just going to say i wear mostly black . i like darker clothing
same as my hero . . well i'm a career army wife , i dress proper
oh ok . that is cool . i'm a cashier at 2 places . gotta make
i've 2 grandkids that are cashiers and 2 in high school .
that is a lot of grandkids . expecting more ?
persona
i grew up homeschooled.
i have a hard time feeling connected with people.
i care deeply about animals.
persona II
i love talking on the phone.
i'm fluent in spanish.
i love to go hiking.
i always eat my vegetables.
dialogue
hola
hi !
how are you ?
good what are your hobbies ?
i like the outdoors , netflix , shopping . how bout you ?
i'm really into animals
that's cool . what state do you live in ?
i live in the midwest what about you ?
i live in north carolina . i used to live in nebraska .
oh that's cool . i used to be homeschooled
wow , how did you like that ?
eh it was ok
you did not miss anything , school has always been super cliquey .
that's true
persona
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i am an art teacher.
persona II
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
i've a pomeranian.
my older sister plays clarinet.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
dialogue
hi , do you like music ?
yes , at times . i teach art and some music classes .
wow , my mom is a music teacher too
how cool ! do you like thrift shops ? i love them .
i do . i bought my violin second hand
nice ! i redo what i buy at thrift shops and resale them .
that's interesting . my pomeranian and i like flea markets
i would love to meet your dog . cheetah is my favorite animal .
animals are great . my sister plays her clarinet for her birds
that's really cool ! i like exotic prints . i mostly wear cheetah , of course .
you sound pretty wild , i like that
no . i'm pretty boring .
i doubt that . do you like competitions ?
no , i'm not a competitive person . you ?
i have placed in a few violin competitions
that sounds pretty boring , to be honest . but i am happy for you .
persona
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
i enjoy all things my little pony.
i like cats.
i like to watch anime.
i like being weird.
persona II
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i'm on a keto diet.
i like going to the moves.
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm doing well and you ?
i am good . i have two golden retrievers .
i am obsessed with everything my little pony .
i have never seen that show . is it good ?
its actually a cartoon lol
i usually watch movies more than tv
i am eccentric , i am into anime and cartoons
is anime like the circus ?
its like japanese style cartoons .
oh i see . are they're children ?
yes , most of them are .
persona
i have never kissed a woman.
i love to gossip.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
people notice how organized i am.
i watch jimmy fallon s show every night.
persona II
i am a cat owner.
i speak fluent italian.
my mom is an osteopath.
my brother is an archaeologist.
dialogue
hi how are you today
great just another day to achieve my goals ! , how are you ?
what are your goals then ?
kiss a girl would be great .
that's a little straight forward
i apologize did you see how trashy that person on jimmy fallon was last night
no why do you mean trashy ?
i mean her hair was a mess , awful that was
oh that is too bad who was she ?
no idea i just like to talk about people
i get it do you speak other languages ?
nah but i know sign language
italian is my fluent language
do you enjoy italian food ?
persona
i can t stand beets.
i m an ovo vegetarian.
i can t cook.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
persona II
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i enjoy a good run.
one of my favorite shows is face off on syfy.
i am a stay at home mom.
dialogue
hello , are you into exercise ? i love to run .
hello , yes i love it when i find the motivation .
my children are my motivation . i take care of the home while my husband works .
that is good . i drive to work every day . about an hour with a lot of traffic .
i make a great beef stew , but when it comes to baking i burn everything .
i'm the opposite i can bake but not cook lol .
i enjoy watching the show face off . do you watch it ?
i've never heard of it .
you should pick up the season 1 blu ray on your drive home from work .
good idea ! so any plans for tonight ?
i'm cooking pasta for dinner and then going for a run .
oh nice sounds good . i'm just relaxing .
i'm busy tonight since my husband has to work late .
how long have you been married ?
my husband and i got married in 2010 . it was a face off themed wedding .
cool . i will have to google what face off is lol .
persona
both my parents are creative.
mom in telecommunications.
i dream of playing music for a living.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
persona II
i m insecure.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i m always hungry.
i work too many hours in a week.
dialogue
hey how is your night
hi how are you today
pretty good , i am eating hungry all the time
what are you eating then
i am eating cereal , i work and eat all the time
where do you work at
security guard , i feel a corvette would complete me
then lease one out champ
i plan to go to bowling green ky and due so , i want to go to museum
do you like museums a lot
that is awesome , what do you like to do ?
i want to be a pro musician
that is awesome , i'd love to hear play
yeah i want to break it big
persona
i went to college in maryland.
i'm a professional basketball player.
i live in ahuge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
persona II
my favorite animals are dolphins.
i enjoy making let s plays.
my father works in advertising agency.
i've my own channel.
i love youtube.
dialogue
i like dolphins and plays . you act ?
good afternoon how are you
great ! you ever killed anyone ? i know oliva pope personally .
no i live in a huge house
wow ! chicken wings are our friends . you sing ?
i am a multi millionaire
get out ! me too ! i am on youtube . you ?
no way i am bored
you ever chased a lion ? my dad sells tv ads . you dance ?
no i do not dance and i am scared of lions
i see . merna jean the dolphin is my best friend . you married ?
yes and i play basketball
wow ! i host a tv channel and i sing , dance and act . any children ?
i have three beautiful sons
persona
i am a retired computer programmer.
i've one grandson and one daughter.
i love animals.
i just turned 77.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
persona II
i'd also like to study abroad in spain.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
dialogue
hello friend how are you doing ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
good . where are you from ?
i live in the us , but i do love british tv shows .
i am from syracuse ny and love the buffalo bills
that is cool . i am not much into sports . too old for them
too old ? i do not think anyone is too old
well , i am 77 years old , and i think that is a bit too old to be playing sports .
yes , but you could still enjoy watching them
you have got me there . i wouldn't mind seeing my grandson play sports sometime .
yes ! we have season tickets and look forward to going
that does sound like fun . are you going with friends ?
no , our whole family bought season tickets so we go as a family
oh , that is great . i do enjoy spending time with my family .
persona
my favorite color is black.
i sometimes write poetry.
i want to visit the uk.
i like to skate.
i sing in a punk band.
persona II
i live in a house in california.
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
i currently work at target.
i am 5 7 tall.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
dialogue
hello there , what would you like to know about me ?
mmm . . what do you do for work ?
i work at target , not the best job in the world . . . ll
not the worst either , i sing in a band , a punk band .
nice ! i have a house in california
have you ever been to london , its calling me .
no , but i love to see movies every few weeks
i'm particular to skating , ice , roller , whatever .
do you have any pets ?
a cat named fred . he's pretty punk rock as well .
i have a dog , after work everyday i buy him dog treats
is he black , its my favorite color .
persona
i'm adopted.
i don t believe in love.
i ride horses in my spare time.
i work at an accounting firm.
i'm an only child.
persona II
i've a cat named charlie.
i love nighttime.
i'm an artist.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hey ! you must be a night owl like me being up so late !
i am indeed , how are you doing tonight ?
great ! i just bought new earrings so i would say that is a successful day ! what about you ?
i rode around on a horse , it was my day off
that's fun ! i love animals ! i've a cat charlie but he is mean . what do you do ?
i work a lot , in accounting . how about you ?
hmmm mine sounds lame now . i'm just an artist .
that's great , i wish i could support my self as an artist
oh i didn't say i was rich ! lol i live off pizza ! glad its my fav !
oh well , it still sounds rewarding . any siblings ?
none here . what about you ?
nope , i grew up alone , and i a adopted
that's awesome ! were you born in the us ?
i was actually . how about you ?
same here ! good ol kentucky for me .
not mad . north dakota here
persona
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
i live in chicago.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
persona II
i like early 2000s indie music.
i m picky when it comes to food.
my temper is pretty short.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
fine . i have two moms in chicago . you workout ?
i do not work out . i do love music , especially 2000s indie .
still there ? oh okay . i love exclamation marks . you a singer ?
my voice is awful . i am going to school to be a school teacher .
great ! i play quake sometimes . you have children ?
no kids . i do love my dog though !
oh okay . my friend merna jean teaches too . can you draw ?
not really . i've a hard time because i've a short temper .
wow ! linux slackware is fun to play . are you a student ?
i am ! are you ? what foods do you like ?
pasta . chicago is my home . you married ?
i love deep dish pizza although i'm very picky . not married . you ?
divorced . twice . were you adopted ?
no not adopted . i would like to be married .
you'll one day . its easy . you a church goer ?
persona
i work at mcdonalds.
i write.
i watch youtube videos.
i have brown hair.
persona II
i'm a vegetarian.
i've four cats.
i'm afraid of clowns.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
dialogue
mittens get off the table already !
hi how are you doing ?
very well thank you ! sorry about that i was talking to one of my cats
what do you do for a living ?
oh , i'm a veteran . helping all the kitty cats and dogs live healthy lives !
what city are you from ?
i'm from san francis , and yourself ?
i'm in so cal myself
sweet . do you have any animals ? i actually have a few . mainly cats though .
i've two dogs right now
my sister has dogs . . . she is a dog person , she lives in canada
what kind of music do you like ?
a little bit of everything really . . . just a few minutes ago i was listening to some whale song
and what song was that ?
hmm , title track says hearts in atlantis
what do you do for a living ?
persona
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i prefer morning to night.
i like to swim.
i prefer winter over fall.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i do not like animals.
i like to role play.
i'm a morning person.
dialogue
hey man , how are things ?
great man i just finished swimming
i just ate a bunch of pizza .
ha ! i'm allergic to dairy so my exciting item is an apple
at least you can find excitement in something
well it is exciting after swimming in a cold pool
what ever floats your boat i guess
just waiting for winter . i love winter sports and fall is inbetween
fall is the best . not too hot , not too cold .
yeah but i love winter sports and after labor day it is the wait
for sure . what sports are your favorite ?
for winter , skiing and snowboarding , but i swim year round
i only like to swim in the summer .
i swim at 530 am 6 days a week in hot or cold weather
persona
i prefer the simpler times.
i like simple jokes.
some jokes go too far.
i like the flintstones.
persona II
i love to play league of legends.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i love dogs.
i'm currently single but i'm ready to mingle.
dialogue
hi . i like league of leagues .
that is good anyway how are you today ?
great , i like walks in the park
walking is fun so is joking ever watch movies ?
well , i'm single so i hang out with dogs
dogs are nice . wish i could go back in time be a cave man
oh , i'm so ready to mingle
just go back hunt enjoy time with love ones with nothing to do
i like dogs alot . i don't know why
why not dogs men best friend
cats are better though . i like to swim while i drive
prefer dogs though what cat name
i'm really a cat .
your funny me like jokes made my day
food makes my day . i am fat
well i will help you workout go take a walk
persona
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
persona II
i graduated with a statistics degree.
i know how to count cards in blackjack.
i've 3 kids.
i am a blackjack dealer.
dialogue
hi there , i am just wondering what you do for work ?
sales . i was in college but had to leave to care for grandparents .
that was humble of you . i went to college . i have a statistics degree
my dad sold insurance so i learned a lot of him . i was also valedictorian .
very nice . i am now a blackjack dealer , and now how to count cards .
that is interesting . are you close with your parents ?
yes , very close to them . my 3 kids are as well , see them often
that is nice . my mom was a stay at home mom to me and my sisters .
my kids stay with my parents during the day . do you like to travel ?
i love to travel but i do not have much money right now . do you ?
i like to travel in the winter to escape the cold . do you have any kids ?
no but i do have 2 dogs that i absolutely adore !
we have a couple of dogs as well , and 3 cats .
i never had a cat but might one day .
persona
i'm a classily trained chef.
i've male pattern baldness.
i was born in baton rouge.
persona II
i m going riding on my boat today.
i live in cape hatteras.
i love tuna.
dialogue
you want me to make you tuna salad or tuna casserole ?
hi . casserole please . i'm from baton rouge . and yourself ?
cape hatteras . that sounds like a fun city !
i can teach you other items to make as well . i am a classically trained chef .
any tuna recipe ideas ?
tuna melts !
org , yes ! ! ! i'll learn from you master yoda chef !
yes young grasshopper .
chirp chirp . i am going to go sailing later today . want to come along ?
yes , but please i may be going bald
i'll give you a sun bonnet . you will be fine , my old friend !
why thank you kind sir . we will catch lots of tuna to make tuna melts !
you are welcome ! meet me at the docks no later than 15 past 3pm
noted ! what else do you do for hobbies ?
persona
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a little girl.
i wait tables.
i m taking online classes.
my hair is long and brown.
persona II
my favorite place is the mountains.
i like to play baseball.
i'm a doctor.
i have 2 kids.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm great , getting ready for work . how are you ?
wonderful . just visiting the mountains .
i love the mountains . rockies or smokies ?
appalachian mountains actually . what do you do for work ?
i am a waitress at hooters
i like their deep fried pickles . but very unhealthy .
oh yeah , we do not have many healthy options there lol
i work as a surgeon . so i try to stay healthy .
oh wow , i love watching greys anatomy with my daughter
that's a good show , . i haven't watched since a main character died .
mcdreamy ? i miss him so much
yes , i am watching supernatural now though .
i am usually doing school work online , hard to find time to watch tv
yeah i have the tv when my children are at school .
nothing better than peace and quiet while the kids are at school
persona
i am a graduate student.
although i'm studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i volunteer with dogs.
i'm in between classes.
i'm always early.
persona II
i've braces.
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i am fifteen years old.
dialogue
hi how are you today
just hanging out in between med school classes , how are you ?
med school i am a sophomore in high school but love science too
are you doing anything volunteer work for experience ?
not yet i am thinking about volunteering at the hospital . i just got braces so not comfortable
you should try it . i volunteer at a shelter with dogs .
i like dogs i've one named maddie
i bet she's cute . animals really like me .
we have four dogs in total but one maddie likes me more than the other ones
i still have 20 minutes until my class . i am always so early !
that is a good thing being late could get you in trouble
that is true ! i'm sure you don't get in trouble much .
persona
i haven t done anything since high school.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
i was diagnosed with autism.
i play games at the arcade , still.
persona II
i am a musician.
i like to write my own songs.
my best friend is in a band with me.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
dialogue
hi how are you today
just listening to lincoln park here . ok . you ?
where do you work at
i do not . i am autistic and have issues sometimes .
do you play any music then
not really . but somehow arcades still are ok for me .
yeah they are lots of fun
yeah , it is . what do you do ?
i play music a lot
it is only lincoln park for me .
yeah sad about their singer
it is sad . i hope that those things stop happening to people .
i agree depression is tough
yes . they need to figure something better out for that .
persona
i'm young.
i love to run fast.
i never eat veggies.
i'm strong.
i am tall.
persona II
my favorite band is the beastie boys.
i love coffee with cream.
i want to be a museum curator.
i went to new york city once.
i'm a painter.
dialogue
good evening , sir , and welcome to the metropolitan museum of art !
sorry . . . but i have to run ! its my favorite thing to do !
maybe just too much caffeine ? ? ? i only have a cup , and always with cream !
yuck . i don't like caffeine because the coffee bean is technically a vegetable . .
rrrr . . . . coffee is a seed , brother
i am young . . . i do not know any better !
young and foolish . . . polly listen to techno instead of good music like beastie boys
i don't have to take your criticism because i have strength . geez , artists . .
well i'm very critical of my own paintings too . . . and why i work in a museum !
maybe one day i could help you . . hang them up , that is . i'm 6 3 !
whoa ! that would help as a curators assistant . . . willing to live in iowa ?
i don't think so . there are too many farms , and i hate vegetables !
persona
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
i ve been to canada two times my entire life.
persona II
my favorite color is green.
i love watching funny movies.
i like to play tennis.
my dad is a veteran.
dialogue
hi there . how are you this evening ?
great ! watching the local news , which i was once on
oh that is cool . i enjoy watching funny movies .
nice , i like canada so much i've been there twice
oh really ? i have only been there once .
nice . what does your family ddo ? my father drove a cab in the 70s
my dad retired from the army .
nice . my uncle used to live in florida and worked on fishing boats
oh . my mom , died when i was little .
that is sad . what else do you know
she was in a car accident .
sorry to hear that . i haven't done anything illegal
that is always a good thing . what is your favorite color ?
i do not know . do you have a favorite color ?
green is my favorite color .
i like green too . canada has a lot of green
persona
i've a golden retriever.
my mother is dead.
i write fiction for fun.
i work in advertising.
persona II
i dyed my hair pink.
i have an older brother.
i love my girlfriend.
i work in a bookstore.
dialogue
hi there . how is it going ?
its going good i guess . just walked my dog .
oh . i'm just hanging out with my gf .
ok cool i've been all alone since my mom passed .
oh , i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings ?
no i've no siblings . i focus on my work and dog mostly
i have one older brother .
that must be nice . i wish i did . i write for fun as well
what do you do for a living ?
i do marketing and advertising but write fictions on the side
oh . i stock shelves at a bookstore .
do you like that or are you looking for better
i wish it paid better , but i like it ,
f you like it then it is for you . good day . must go
oh , well it was nice chatting with you .
likewise , hopefully we will do this again . good night
persona
i love bruno mars.
i love sweets.
i sleep a lot.
i cs and ds.
i am in high school.
persona II
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i'm bipolar.
i'm a mother of three.
dialogue
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
hey ! it was pretty good . i slept a lot , haha . how was yours ?
big party . . it was amazing
what kind of party ?
regular get to gether with funds
was there music and dancing ?
ya . . kind of a music party with dance
awesome . what kind of music ? bruno mars is my favorite
i like elvis . . i'm a bit old . . a mother of three
oh wow ! i'm still in high school
i'm a nurse by job
is that a hard job ?
hm . . little bit . . but not impossible
do you have to have really good grades to do something like that ?
yaa . . i do work hard
i get a lot of ds and cs in school
persona
i'm a older lady.
i love to eat cheese.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
persona II
i've no children of my own.
i'm a childrens librarian.
i wear glasses.
i'm very shy.
i'm recently divorced.
dialogue
how are you doing today
great i am loving me some cheese this fall
that is cool to know i guess
and i love spongebob what do you love
i love baking and i love my children
that is awesome i am old
i am sorry to hear that
its ok being 101 years old is good
i guess if you say so
do you enjoy listening to music
yes i do i love country music
frank sinatra is my go to music
that's cool do u have any grand kids
yes i do i've 34 grand kids
omg that's alot of grandkids
it is but they're a true joy
persona
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
i have none to share my thoughts about the books i read.
i love to read.
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
persona II
i love family time.
i teach cheerleading in my spare time.
i work for a online company from home.
i cook every night.
i'm a soccer mom.
dialogue
what did you do earlier today ?
i read two books today . what about you ?
i have been working from my house all day
do write blogs ? i love book blogs .
yes i do actually . i write a blog about my family
cool , i have a book review blog called the bookworm .
i'd love to read it some time . do you have a family ?
no , i'm all alone . just me and my books . do you have kids ?
yes i do . 2 kids that both play soccer
how sweet . what are their names ?
roxie and ava . they are my life
i'm happy for you . i read a book once called roxie wins the game !
oh that must be a sign ! haha do you like to cook ?
no , but i like reading cookbooks too .
cool . i make dinner for my family every night
i bet they are happy . can you send me some food ?
persona
i am a very funny woman.
i love candy.
i drive a honda car.
i own 3 cats.
i deliver packages for a living.
persona II
i like the guitar.
i'm a vegan.
i like to go for bike rides.
i like to skateboard.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i am good thanks for asking
so what do you like to do for fun ?
i love baking and spending time with my family
i like playing the guitar in my free time
that's cool i want to learn
you should . please tell me you are a vegan . i'm
no i'm not a vegan sorry
as long as you go bike riding to workout . i love going for a good ride
i work out period so
well do you skateboard ? i love skate boarding
no i don't sorry
well i am sure baking is your love
yes it is i love it
persona
i have a lizard named nagini.
my mother lives with me.
i like to plant flowers in my gardens.
i like to take my dog for long walks.
i enjoy cooking for people.
persona II
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
i have been married for 6 years.
i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good . just got finished taking my dog on a long walk .
but it is raining outside
not here . do you have any pets ? i also have a lizard .
i don't have any pets
do you have any hobbies ?
i love to gamble yeah
i like to cook and garden .
nice is that your job
i wish ! i work for an attorney .
i do finances for a brewery
oh , that sounds interesting . my mom is living with me .
is she alright or sick
she lost her job a few months ago .
persona
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i tend to argue with myself more than i argue with myself.
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i believe i hear voices.
persona II
teaching is my passion.
i'm married.
my favorite place is the beach.
my husband is a cop.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
great ! had a good day at school teaching . i'm really passionate about what i do .
that is awesome ! i loved school ! do you have any hobbies ?
i like going to the beach . . whenever my husband could take off from work .
that sounds fun ! right now i've been spending time at the neighbors pool .
how nice ! are you married ? what do you do ?
i'm not married , but i'm wanting the neighbors pool boy .
ll good luck ! do you have any hobbies ?
sort of , i love collecting bears , especially ones that wear rain coats .
interesting ! where do you find those ?
i buy a lot of them online from connecticut bear company .
nice ! i hope the weather holds good for you to go to the pool often !
thanks me too ! what subject do you teach ?
i teach math and try to make the kids like it too !
that's great . i am sure you are a wonderful teacher !
persona
my hobbies include rock collecting and making macaroni art.
my lifes goal is to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman.
i am a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
persona II
i wish that i could be an animal.
regular life disappoints me.
i do not get along with my family.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
not too good sales are down .
are you a salesman ? or company owner ?
neither the way things are goin !
so what is it that you are trying to sell ?
nothing any more i am bankrupt .
well . . . let me ask you something does that make you wish you had a different life ?
that's over 15 words
okay . do you wish you were someone else ?
no i just want to be rich !
i see . strangely , i don't . sometimes i wish to be a wild beast .
i just need a career change
persona
i hate to drive.
i like the taste of cheese.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i'm younger then 46.
persona II
i like crocheting.
i love cats.
i am married to a man.
i've five children.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am doing well . kicking back listening to some music .
that is nice uim hanging with my cats
how many cats do you have ?
5 they are all rescues
that is kind of you to do . what do they eat ?
they eat normal cat food
being rescue cats , i thought they might eat mice !
oh no they were from a shelter not the streets
ah . that makes sense . i avoid the streets too !
what hobbies do you have
mostly listening to music . i also like wine and cheese .
persona
i have a job as a dj at a radio station.
i've many friends.
i use a cane to help me get around.
i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.
persona II
my family owned a small restaurant.
when i retire i want to open a bakery.
i like to cook.
sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
dialogue
hey there , hows your evening
hi ! it is great , yours ? what do you do for a living ?
oddly just got hired at whataburger , i would prefer to open a bakery though
wow opening a bakery would be amazing ! do you have other hobbies ?
i volunteer over at a soup kitchen as often as i can , you ?
most of my time is spent at work where i dj on the radio !
now that sounds like a lot of fun !
i spend time with my many friends too . one actually taught me how to drive .
that is pretty cool , i honestly don't go out much
it is hard for me to get around . i use a cane , which limits me going out .
yikes , any specific injury ? that sucks
i hurt my knee many years ago and it just never healed correctly .
owch , i am sorry to hear that , does it hurt still ?
it is mostly just stiff . not too much pain , thankfully !
persona
i'm going to school for writing.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
my mother is a librarian.
i often help her sort books in the library.
persona II
i am a vegetarian.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i've four cats.
i take the subway to work everyday.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
great . just relaxing with an interesting novel
what do you do for a living ?
i am a student but loves poetry and fantasy novels
what city are you from ?
i am from atlanta georgia and you ?
i'm from call . habe you ever been ?
no . what do you do ? i plan to work as a journalist in the future
i work as a desk clerk
oh great . my dad is a clerk but my mom a librarian
do you have any hobbles ?
yes i do . reading and travelling
persona
my favorite band is worn.
i love dogs.
my favorite color is purple.
i like swimming.
i own a home.
persona II
i'm gay but i've not told my parents yet.
when i've free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i play a lot of video games.
i take things very literally.
i like comic books and anime.
dialogue
can i tell you something personal ?
yes of course glad you trust me already
i'm gay . wow , that feels good to tell someone .
that's a hard thing to tell people but people are more accepting of it sometimes
i haven't told my parents yet .
why they might be okay with it ? what kind of music do you like
techno , i also like comic books , anime , and video games .
i like rock music i love worn the group and anything that's the color purple
purple is a great color ! i love to color my characters .
what games do you like to play
mortal combat and street fighter are my tops right now .
those sound like fun games . i mostly swim on my down time when the weather is good
persona
i love to be run.
i'm six feet tall.
i like to dance with my friends.
i've a family that are all tall.
i really like to go to school.
persona II
i've a pomeranian.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
i play the violin.
my older sister plays clarinet.
dialogue
hello ! what do you do for fun ?
i like to run and dance .
dancing is fun . i love music , my whole family is musical .
yeah , dancing with my friends is my favorite .
i love watching my friends dance while i bust out a tune on my violin .
how tall are you ? i'm 6 feet .
i'm just under seven feet . i tower over my little pomeranian .
wow , that is tall ! my whole family is tall .
do people always ask if you play basketball ?
yes ! it is so annoying .
since you didn't ask , i will tell you anyway . i placed first in another violin competition .
oh . i wish i could play an instrument .
i have entered many violin competitions , and have placed in more than one .
i really enjoy going to school .
my mom teaches music in the local elementary school . what do you study ?
i am going for business administration .
persona
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i am a vegetarian.
i used to be in the marines.
i like to write poetry.
i work as a bartender.
persona II
i am a stay at home mom.
one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
i enjoy cooking but not baking.
i enjoy a good run.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
fine fine how areyou . read any good books lately ?
no , not much of a reader . i enjoy cooking though .
do you cook vegetarian food . that ias what i'm .
sometimes . i love to cook , but no baking .
i read plenty of books about cooking when i am bored
that's good ! i am a stay at home mom , so i get bored , too , sometimes .
i write poetry too . helps with the trama i got as a marine
oh , wow . i hope it helps . i like a good run , that helps me .
yea , i bartend and get to vent all the time
that must be fun . do you ever watch face off on say network ?
i've seen it once or twice
persona
i grew up on a farm.
my brother is in the army.
i am a veterinarian.
i have two nephews.
persona II
i love rap music.
my dad works for stifle.
i am a meataholic.
i like smoking weed.
i have a job as an it agent.
dialogue
i love to smoke pot , do you ?
hi ! no , that is bad , you know ! but i do not judge . how are you ?
i am ok , how are you ?
i am good , thanks . does the pot make you feel hungry ?
i am listening to some rap music
nice ! who are you listening to ?
no . pot makes me feel good
what food do you like ?
i love to eat meat ! bacon !
oh , wow ! i don't eat meat at all .
i work in it . . . you ?
i don't work . maybe i will sign up for the army to be with my brother .
that would be great , does he like rap music ?
no , he likes country music . my 2 nephews like rap ,
persona
i like to read books.
i am a librarian in my current job.
my cats like to be read to.
i have two cats.
persona II
my sister is a published author.
i sing karaoke every thursday night.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
hi there , do you like karaoke ?
hi , of course , who does not
i do it every thursday night !
i do not go that often , i usually stay home and read books
my sister actually published a few things
really ? i love books , i am a librarian
nice , that sounds like a lot of fun .
yes , i'm the classic librarian who owns 2 cats
i painted my house yellow , what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is pink , that is also the name of my cat
that is funny do you like skiing ?
i'm not the outdoor type of person , i read books to my cats
that's funny , i can almost picture it .
it is true , and they like that
do they actually sit there and pay attention ? i am allergic to kittens .
yes , they do not even move while i am reading
that's something . . . hope you are having a good weekend .
you too , thanks for the chit chat
persona
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i've a dog that has behavioral issues.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i'm in a very intimate and loving relationship.
i love beef.
persona II
i couldn t live without my cell phone.
i'm more of a cat person than a dog person.
i attend book club every week.
my mom is my best friend.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ?
i'm doing fine , how are you today ?
doing well , i finished reading a book for my weekly book club .
that sounds nice , but i prefer guitar and video games more
that's cool too . i play of games on my cell phone .
i mainly use my phone to text my boyfriend , we have a very loving relationship
i am not in a relationship . i mostly hang with my mom and my cat . lol
my boyfriend keeps me sane with my bad bad dog , he has behavior issues
i think cats are more lovable , but my cat can be a handful at times .
our cat begs constantly , she has such a bad habit for human food
mine too , and since my mom is always here , she sneaks her human food a lot .
our little nugget has a thing for pasta , she sits on back legs and meows for it
that sounds cute . i've tons of pics of smokey , doing cute things on my cell phone .
same , most of my phone is pictures of my cat , better than my dog
i don't know how i survived without a cell phone in the past . lol
same , i use it for everything in my life , even work
persona
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
lately i've been learning how to garden.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
i'm a musician with a day job.
persona II
i own a boat.
i eat a lot of fish.
my favorite author is jane austen.
i live near the ocean.
dialogue
howdy , how are you this evening
i work during the day as a musician
that nice i spend my days on my boat
doing fine , i like gardening also and is learning now
i eat a whole lot of fish that i catch
on a boat ? you live on a boat ? i am an accountant also .
i own one , i do not live on a boat , i am reading a book now
some hobbies i want you to know , electric violin , and watch my koi
the author is jane austen she's my all time favorite author
my koi lives in my pond its called spot
i could live on my boat , i live very close to the ocean
tell me about jane austen , you sound like a writer on a boat , cool
does spot have a spot ?
ha had of course ! big red and yellow spots on my koi !
persona
i'm an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i'm a scientist.
i live alone.
i like to play video games.
i play guitar on my free time.
persona II
i enjoy baking and cooking.
my daughters say i'm a great mother.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
i'm a woman.
i've a family of three daughters.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm good , getting ready to do some experiments
what kinds of experiments do you do
mostly scientific things . . . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a stay at home mom
i'm single , how many kids do you have ?
i have three kids do you want kids
someday . being a mom is a busy job , do you have any free time ?
not much more then cooking for my family
i like to think of myself as a chef . i cook many cuisines
that is cool do you cook middle eastern food
i cannot cook it but i sure love to eat it lol
my family came her from saudi arabia
cool that seems very interesting
what else do you like to do
playing the guitar and video games
persona
i'm a vegan.
i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
i am a student.
i just started dating someone new.
persona II
i hope to move out soon.
i have a cat.
i have depression and anxiety so i do not really go out a lot.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
dialogue
hi how ar you doing ?
hi ! i just started school and recently met a new girl who i am dating
that is cool what hobbies do you have
i'm into going to museums whenever i have time to spare from school .
that is nice do you have any pets
none ! i do have a garden i tend to . i am a vegan , they're my pets !
that's funny i've a pet cat
i love cats ! just hate they pee in boxes !
yeah that can be pretty annoying
so where are you from ?
i live at my parents house
cool . i do too while i'm in school . are you married or dating ?
i'm currently single but looking
take them to museums , they're sure to enjoy that .
persona
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
persona II
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
dialogue
hey dude , i am ryan . i just woke up , so i am pretty tired right now .
i know how u feel my job is mind numbing snake oil
that sounds lame . listening to rap music always chills me out .
my favorite music is jacob sartorius
seriously ? jacob sartorius is lame man . i love kanye west , personally .
i listen to him at costco i love bacon in bulk
i love costco ! i got some new sneakers there a few weeks ago .
my dog oreo and me cloud watch on our free time
oreo is a cool name . my dog joe and i like watching tv together in my chair .
i like flirting in large events staring from across the field
that is random , not sure i can relate on the flirting thing . i love large fields , though
well most women say they are out of my league
try downloading tinder or something man . no need to hit on random girls .
i can't do tinder i don't want kids yet
tinder is for hookups not kids . you sure you got the right app in mind ?
hooking up is sex and babies come from sex
persona
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i am a marathon runner.
i like to swim.
i prefer winter over fall.
persona II
my mother was a single mother.
i m the oldest of three boys.
i play the drums.
i work at the pizza parlor.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
dialogue
whew , just got off work . my pizza place was slammed !
pizza sounds good right now !
right , my 3 brothers and i love it so much we all work there together
that's cool ! what is your favorite season ? i like winter
summer , because growing up in chicago winters were tough
i understand i like winter so i can take a break from running marathons .
what is the farthest you have ever run ? do you play drums by chance ?
i do not , and i run the 5k . any favorite foods ? mine is apples .
pizza , because my mother was single back in the day and she always got us pizza .
cool ! what are your hobbies ?
making beats and playing drums .
fun ! i enjoy swimming in the summer .
that is a good reason to love summer
you are right it is !
persona
i love to eat shrimp and lobster.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i vacation along lake michigan every summer.
persona II
i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
i enjoy playing guitar and video games.
i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
i have a dog that has behavioral issues.
dialogue
i love my job . i can stay at home and work on the computer .
hi how are you today
good . just playing my guitar . do you like music ?
i play jazz and stuff
that's cool . my boyfriend of 10 years plays too .
yeah i do the saxophone yeah
that's great . a saxophone would drive my dog crazy though .
dogs are just singing along
mine has issues . he is ok with me playing video games though .
does he like to watch that
yes he does . do you have kids ?
i don't do you
no , but i hope to have some one day with my long term bf .
nice do you like seafood
yes , i love shrimp . do you cook ?
i do shrimp and lobster are my favorite
persona
i am an athlete.
i want to be an explorer.
i don't like my job.
my favorite color is blue.
i visit india often.
persona II
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
dialogue
hi i'm sarah are you having a delicious day ?
hi sarah ! my day is nasty ! what is as delicious day ? lol
oh you know the kind when there are candies and cakes all about ?
i would not know . athletes cannot be eating cake and candy
oh what sport do you play my friend ?
i play professional soccer . my job is not enjoyable , trust me .
cool i'm a teacher and maybe we can take a field trip to watch your team ?
that would be lovely . we should travel together . i want to become an explorer
cool that might work since i also like to relax by lake waters !
i travel to india often . the indian ocean is beautiful . i think you would like it .
oh cool ! i wanna go there !
the ocean is so blue and clean , which is why blue is my favorite color .
nice , are there any big fish available for catching there ?
no ; many fish are gone because of over fishing and poaching , as well as pollution .
dang that'sn't very delicious and unfortunate .
the people of the future will have to live in this mess . it is sad
have you heard about this thing that gets in the water and attracts plastics and pollution ?
yes . i heard it is supposed to help with the trash problem in the ocean
yea maybe that will save the oceans and the animals in there !
i would love to see something that reduces the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
yea i feel like that will be developed or something soon
where are you from , my friend ?
i am from the us in the southern part
interesting ; i am in the west . i heard the south is beautiful , but hot .
yea it is starting to cool off now so then you are from the us too ?
yes . i was born in california .
persona
i play football.
i am a college student.
i drive a restored mustang.
my father is a doctor.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i've brown hair.
i like to read.
i work at a grocery store.
i like cupcakes.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ? !
i am great thanks and you ?
i am doing great , i am just enjoying the most favorite dessert that i like ; cupcakes !
do you have a car ?
yes , i do actually . its painted in my favorite color which is blue . do you ?
i restored a mustang . vroom
well that is cool . do you drive it to the grocery store ? that is where i work .
i don't i drive it to football
so do you have hair ? what color is it ? mine is brown .
i have hairsts just normal . do you like food
i do ! reading is the other thing i like . do you have a favorite book ?
i like every football book
persona
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
persona II
my favorite color is blue.
i paint with watercolors.
i hate cleaning.
i m italian american.
i work in finance.
dialogue
hello good evening how are you
hello , i am doing well . how about you ?
pretty well , just embezzled one million from my finance job
only one million ? that's chump change .
i make the best lasagna being italian american and all whats your favorite
i am a bills fan , we like garbage plates and having sex in the parking lot .
i you mix blue my favorite and yellow you get money green that's with watercolors
i think you have been mixing to many alcoholic beverages .
garbage plates are from rochester not buffalo , and i prefer mary tobe bloody
i am from syracuse but i study in spain where the women love my accent
i dislike to clean out my ears and i like to feel the wax run
i want to be an english teacher i can help you .
how about that syracuse game two days ago
clemson sucks . now the bills just need to make the playoffs .
the bills suck and post malone left syracuse for a reason
what is your nfl team ?
persona
i like to wear boots.
i'm argentinian.
i've many girlfriends.
i like to eat beef.
i like to ride horses.
persona II
i can speak three languages.
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i haven t gone home in over two years.
dialogue
hello where are you from ? its been a couple of years since i went home
i'm from argentina but live in the usa . where is home for you ?
florida , but i travel around as a programmer , basically a nomad
oh okay , i travel also i've girlfriends in every city
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
that's neat , any hobbies ?
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
i ride horses and and breed cattle
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
i am also a avid hiker
wow that must get hectic with all the girlfriends
yes but they get the same amount of time
no hobbies , just like to work and travel
that is not fun , you have to live a little lol
sounds interesting , you make good money breeding cattle ?
yes i do alright . people love beef
persona
i like to go out to eat.
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i also enjoy cooking.
i like listening to other rap music too.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
persona II
i have 10 piercings.
my favorite food is italian.
i used to smoke.
i like to drive for hours.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
i am well . especially since i went out for dinner , my fav activity
what did you have to eat ?
just mcdonalds poutine but i love going out for supper
i do too . my personal favorite is italian
i like cooking too but if i had a choice i'd have all meals out
i like cooking dinner . a soothing process
yes so is rap for me . believe it or not
rap is a diverse genre . so unique
i like drake . i grew up on the same street as he did
wow . such a small world
it sure is . weston rd . he was moved to forest hill later
how far is that from where he lived previously ?
about 40 minutes on transit or 20 minutes by car .
that's nothing . i love taking long car drives .
drake really made it big and so did several other canadians
persona
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i always put my left sock on first.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
persona II
i have a cat named speckles.
my favorite hobby is knitting.
i've two tattoos.
i enjoy shopping.
i work in an office.
dialogue
hello , i am looking for a companion otherwise i am just a cat lady
hi , good luck with that ! i am allergic to cats
oh no , my speckles is very sweet and doesn't bother anyone
i'm so happy that you enjoy it . i'm not a fan of most animals , especially spiders
ok , do you have any tattoos ?
no tattoos , needles scare me .
i have two . . speaking of needles , i love knitting too
do you knit socks ? i have a tick where i put my left sock on first always
i knit all sorts of things . . . what about mittens ? same tick ?
yes , i was home alone alot
what are your hobbies ? i love shopping
no real hobbies , always wish i could ski
never too late to try
i cannot go to high altitude due to a medical condition
do you work ? go to school ?
i work at a job that i am not a fan of
persona
i am writing a novel.
i do not like pickles.
my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
my favorite color is black.
i own an iphone.
persona II
i have trouble feeling emotion.
my parents are distant.
sometimes i wish i didn't have to wake up in the morning.
i've an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
dialogue
god i wish i did not have to get up today lol how are you ?
i hear you , stayed up far too late and am feeling it now
yea my parents argue way to much . they're pretty distant
i am sorry for your situation , i like to watch tv to distract myself from things like that
yea . my brother is a trouble maker to so with everything going on , i get little attention
sounds straight out of a novel , mind if i use your story in my next book ?
not at all . go for it . i don't feel much emotion either
that sounds like it would be very isolating
i feel extremely isolated . that's the perfect word for it
when i feel that way i find myself subconsciously wearing all black
that is strange . but it makes total sense
well i truly hope you start feeling better about all this
persona
i like to surf.
i'm a mechanic.
i own a german shepard.
i live in california.
persona II
i'm a cat owner.
my mom is an osteopath.
i speak fluent italian.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
dialogue
hi , i'm sarah its nice to meet you . do you have any pets ?
hello , i'm wei , i do not have any pets .
i've a cat . what do you do for a living ?
i'm working as a mechanic .
oh that must be hard on your hands . my mom gives hand massages
oh that's cool . i also surf sometimes for fun . what about you ?
i am fluent in italian so i often backpack through europe
that's nice . i live in california . what about you ?
washing dc i crash with my brother he works for the smithsonian
oh cool . i also own a german shepard .
i love dogs as well as cats . this is random but i've two different colored eyes
that is very interesting . wow .
persona
i prefer texting over phone calls.
i use the computer all day.
i love hockey.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
persona II
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
i live in a big city.
i enjoy video games.
i enjoy singing.
dialogue
hi , i love living in my big city
that is great . i do too , and i love texting about it .
testing is fun but video games are better haha
yes , but playing hockey is best of all .
hockey is boring to me singing is where its at . i really love to sing
i wish i wasn't so busy at the computer and had time to sing .
what do you do for work ? i am a teacher i really enjoy teaching children
i am a writer and researcher . i use the computer for my work .
that sounds very interesting , favorite movie ? magic mike is mine hehe
i'm addicted to the house of cards . never seen magic mike . is it good ?
house of cards is also a favorite and yes its actually very funny !
i love kevin spacey . my mother and grandmother do too !
i've never heard of him what does he do ?
he's the lead character who plays potus . he's so cool .
i must be living under a rock i've also never have heard of potus . o
its short for president of the united states .
persona
i'm allergic to shellfish.
i like horseback riding.
i work at a non profit that helps children.
my favorite food is cheese.
persona II
i am a night owl.
i am a dancer.
i love to sing.
i'm a vegetarian.
i can play the piano.
dialogue
hi , i am a pianist , a dancer and i like to sing a lot . you ?
wow you are talented . i like to ride horses .
i love horses , but because i am always asleep in the daytime , i do not experience much .
during the day i work for a non profit . we help kids .
that is wonderful . i'm recently converted to vegetarian . do you eat meat ?
i do eat meat . i don't eat any veggies actually . i love cheese too .
wow , that is different . no veggies . do you eat fruit too ?
no , and i cannot eat shellfish either . i am allergic .
do you have any aspirations in life ?
i love taking care of people , something in that field . you ?
i don't . aside from my talents , i'm kind of a boring person .
i'm boring too . trust me . i surf the web a lot .
org , me too cool huh ?
that's how you and i met , after all .
thanks for reminding me i had forgotten !
where are you from ? pa here .
persona
i like to go to the movies.
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to chat with my friends.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
persona II
i play drums in a band.
i am 25 years old and live with my parents.
i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i drive a ford mustang.
dialogue
hello ! i just got done practicing on my drums
sounds like a lot of fun and noise !
yes ! lots of fun playing in a band
i prefer going out to eat . drives in the country isn't bad either .
that sounds lovely , but i don't get out of my parents basement much
they have not kicked you out yet ? ha ha !
nope ! 25 and still living with them
that is quite a gig you have got there ! do you pay rent ?
nah , they are letting my girlfriend and i save money while in college
does she live with you in the basement ?
yes , she does . she has a ford mustang that i drive
man , you have got an all around good deal !
i would like to think so
have you seen any good movies lately ?
no i've not i am always too busy
it is one of my favorite things to do .
persona
i sleep on a single bed.
i love the rain.
i drive a van.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i like eating pretzels.
i work for the railroad.
i am an omnivore.
i really like watching star trek.
dialogue
hi there . have you seen the new star trek ?
the tv show or the movie ?
both , but more so the show .
i did ! i love laying in bed on a rainy day with the tv on !
rainy days are my favorite . means i do not have to worl .
yeah i wish my bed was bigger because i've a single but it works
do you have a favorite snack food ?
i love pizza ! for snack or meal ! you ?
oh i always have to have pretzels on hand .
pretzels are good ! how is parking where you live ?
i have my own garage .
nice , i own a van so it is always hard to find parking
do you have a job ?
yeah , i play video games for a living ? you ?
persona
i adopted all my dogs.
i believe in karma.
i've never been on a date.
i love to read.
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
persona II
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
i'm a truck driver.
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
i spend my weekends camping.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
dialogue
hello , my name is james , whats yours ?
hey how are you doing james ? i am don
i live in the east , are you out of the storm path
yes i'm . barely . i hear its all man made . do u believe that
absolutely do . what are your hobbies . i like camping
i am be of my hobbies are reading . which i love to do
i like reading too . i drive a truck for living , what do you do
oh wow . that sounds fun . i even wrote a bio of my fav actor
wow , hope you made some money . that is impressive .
no . i just did it for myself . so do you have any pets with you ?
no , i live near a road . so sadly cannot have any .
no as a truck driver ? i only have 1 dog and i adopted from kill shelter
good for you , and for your pet . no , not allowed to drive with a pet .
dang that sucks . i bet it gets lonely huh ?
persona
i live in a house with a yard.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
since my dog died i m incomplete.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
persona II
i am trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
i haven t been on a date since high school.
i've made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.
dialogue
hello how are you today . what do you like ?
hi . i like to use my mind and hands to create . what do you like ?
horses . i will open a stable one day with ten horses
nice . i'm artistic . my house has a yard . it is too small for horses .
ah , well you should bet . i made over 90 thousand on trifecta bets
i used to bet on dog races . then my dog died . i am not complete .
sorry to hear that . i've not dated since high school
sorry to hear that . did you learn anything from your parents ?
horses . that is why i plan to have a teaching program for racing them
that is good . the world is where i find inspiration . my parents taught me that .
for sure . i like learning too
me too . i like to learn to create new items . i might create doggy items .
that sounds good . maybe i can learn to do that so i can date again
that might just work . people like people who are interesting .
yes , i should be interesting when i own a stable with at least ten horses
maybe you can date someone who like horses also . like a jockey or stable hand .
persona
i'm a college student.
i've been in a relationship for 2 years.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
my major is in business administration.
persona II
i like lightning mcqueen.
i've a cat named mater.
i like to play basketball.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
dialogue
hello , how is your day going ?
good . just got back from the campus library . you ?
good had fun playing basketball with some friends .
that is cool . are you in college too ?
yes but i live off campus with my cat mater .
sweet ! i live off campus too with my boyfriend of 2 years .
oh nice . thinking about doing a movie night with my nephews since they're visiting .
cool . the parents are visiting me . dads a dentist and moms a teacher .
that is nice of them to come check up on you .
yeah . they want me to switch my major from business administration to teaching .
oh that sucks i'm a political science major myself .
that sounds interesting . how do you like it ?
i love it but a lot of work trying to get into law school after .
i could imagine . i've hear it is a lot of work . good for you .
persona
i like to wear red.
i wear a red purse.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i use red lipstick.
i drive a red car.
persona II
my name is dave.
i live in las vegas , nevada.
i go fishing on the weekends to relax.
i love hiking and staying fit.
i work as a personal trainer , 5 days a week.
dialogue
hey there ! its dave here from las vegas .
oooh , las vegas . do you work the tables ? is it true red wins more then black ?
i love to fish each weekend , its relaxing
yeah . i think red is relaxing . it is a great color . the best color .
not sure , i am a personal trainer during business days .
oh , i guess there would be more then casino jobs out there .
no i'm not into it , i like hiking an being fit .
cool . my tennis shoes are red , i wear them to go for runs .
so tell me , what do you do ?
i am studying fashion design right now . so glad red is hot for the season .
yes it is ! what you designing ?
active wear right now , but i prefered my haute couture class .
cool , i like red alot !
is not red great ! my purse is scarlet and my lipstick is fire engine red .
persona
i have a parrot named parrot.
i was born in baton rouge.
i have male pattern baldness.
my mother doesn t ! ove me.
i am a classicly trained chef.
persona II
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i'm a musician.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm great how are you
doing fantastic ! what are you up to ?
watching television and cooking beans
oh that is fun ! why is that ?
i love beans they clean out my colon
beans are so nasty i am sorry .
not if they are cooked right
what do you cook them with ?
rice usually and eat on them all week
man . i wish i had time to eat , i am too busy
i am so bald and so busy too
bald ! how can you be bald ?
my parents do not love me so i eat
depression is a serious thing . i wish i had more time to spend at my house
i need a vacation with my parrot
persona
i like nfl and college football.
i'm a georgia resident.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i love to read fiction books.
persona II
i love role play.
i read a lot.
i love anime.
i draw comics.
dialogue
good morning , are you reading anything good ?
no ways ! i love both nfl and college football games
i'm an artist . anime and superhero comics are my specialties .
i reside in the great state of georgia , ahh peaches !
nice ! i've several friends in ga . atlanta and flintstone , respectively
cool , nfl fantasy football league is my hobby !
i do not care for football . i live in browns country .
ohh , i read fiction novels , i really love them !
me too ! my book club is doing a role play of gone with the wind .
awesome , nfl and college football are my preferences !
i have noticed . i like geocaching .
nice ! i partake in the nfl fantasy football league , you ?
i prefer hiking and spending time outdoors .
fiction books are my first love !
oh , yes . i wish i lived in a library .
i live in georgia and i didn't marry a relative !
persona
i'm an artist.
i speak french and english fluently.
i'm planning to move to a new state soon.
i enjoy hiking.
i've two border collies.
persona II
i have found the cure for the common cold.
i am plotting on taking over the world.
my nickname is bubblegum.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
dialogue
welcome to a new era . i'm going to celebrate .
what are you celebrating ? glad you are having a good day
no more common cold ! i found the cure !
congratulations ! ! are you a biologist ? i'm into art myself
i'd rather call myself a wizard . are you an artist ?
i also like to hike with my border collies
great ! do you paint at all ?
yes with oils . i also speak french and english . what do you do for fun ?
i make up names for fun . i've a nickname bubblegum .
that is cute . where do you live i'm about to move to a different state
i think i'm from mars . i've bright red hari .
are you irish with the red hair or dyed
i was born this way . my brother has it too .
do people call you ginger ?
ginger ? no . they call me crazy because i want to take over the world .
would you make the world a better place ?
persona
my doctor told me i've six months to live.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
i like having fried fish for supper.
i am allergic to lactose.
persona II
i am married.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i love to fish.
i've a black lab.
dialogue
hey , new friend ! what are you up to today ?
hi . trying to enjoy everything about life , since there , sadly , isn't much left .
oh , that's really disheartening . whats going on ?
according to my doctor i've 6 months left . but i'm living it up .
wow . i do not know what to say . that is awful . what will you do ?
i get to see justin bieber , he's my favorite ! ! and i will eat ice cream
ca not hate that ! i am a charlie daniels fan myself . but i do love ice cream
i do too and fried fish dinner , even though i've a lactose allergy .
fried fish ? i love to go fishing ! ! me and my black lab go fishing .
aw that is nice . i never had a dog . i bet its awesome .
it is . i'm a married man but i love my dog more ! you married ?
haha ! no , not married . . . probably wo not be to be married but its ok
that is a shame . but you have a positive attitude !
i try ! i am glad i got to talk to such a nice person .
me too . i hope you get to do everything you want before its too late .
thank you ! justin here i come . . . . maybe i'll get married , haha
persona
i work at a retail store.
i've red hair.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i live close to the coast.
persona II
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i'm studying to be a special education teacher.
i chew my nails.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
dialogue
hello , how are you ? i am studying to be a special education teacher .
i am good how about you ?
i m nervous and knaw at my nails .
where do you work at
don't work . used to be an navy brat ; went through 16 schools in  years .
what color hair do you have ?
black . what color is yours ?
mine is red its super hot
i can imagine . do you kayak ? i do on weekends at a nearby lake .
i don't but i love the beach
so do i . i've also learned to make friends quickly and say bye fast .
its not goodbye its just farewell for now
that does sound better than good bye , i hate good byes .
see that'sn't so bad then
do you chew your nails ?
i don't i live at the coast
persona
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i believe i hear voices.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
persona II
i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
i enjoy video games.
i enjoy singing.
i live in a big city.
magic mike is my favorite movie.
dialogue
hi how are you ? what do you do ?
hi i'm good . i collect toys that are specifically wearing rain coats .
interesting hobby . i play video games and sing
i'm a little odd . i also hear voices and lust the neighbors pool boy .
wow okay . i like magic mike so pool boys could be nice
i like that movie too ! do you enjoy mystery flavored cake like i do ?
sure why not . my students would probably like it
oh you are a teacher ?
yes i am in philadelphia
oh how cool . what grades do you teach ?
high school mostly ninth grade . i sing to get them to remember things
that is fun ! i wish i had a teacher that did that . do you like it ?
i love it so much ! it is my calling
i hope i find my calling and not these voices i hear .
yes you should see someone about that
i want to . i am hoping to see the pool boy about it !
persona
i'm from france.
i'm a vegan.
my favorite food is tacos.
i am studying literature.
i like to draw.
persona II
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
my friends tell me that i m a neurotic hypochondriac.
ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i am good how are you
i was good until my friend told me i was a neurotic hypochondriac
wow what does that mean
well she thinks ocd rules my life . she is probably right . i struggle relinquishing control
that sounds tough what do you do for fun
i enjoy my job teaching at a private elementary school , you ?
that's sweet i just moved here from france
wow ! what brought you here ? i've a friend at my church from france
that's cool i just decided i needed a change
feel free to come meet my french friend at the seventh day adventist church !
i might just check that out
you should ! not that i'm trying to force my religion on you .
no its ok i like trying new things what food do you like
hmm , i love curry ! how about you ?
i recently found a great recipe for vegan tacos
persona
i love to cook.
i love dogs.
i am a happy person.
my dad was a carsalesman.
persona II
i've four children.
i love watching game of thrones.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i recently got a cat.
dialogue
good morning ! i am hanging out with my cat oreo watching got
hey , pretty cool . my 3 dogs are waiting patiently for their walks .
i love going for walks . that's what i do often for exercise .
you should get a dog then ! walking mine makes me very happy .
my cat probably would not like to be walked . what is your dogs name ?
tank , he's very big . he loves my dad . he used to sell cars .
tank is a good name for a dog . tell me more about yourself .
my favorite hobby is cooking . how about you ?
i really do not have hobbies . i've four kids so they keep me busy .
that is a big family ! you must be a good cook too then , feeding all of them .
ah , i guess that's probably true . i do have to cook a lot !
if you ever need a big car , my dad might be able to help you .
true , since he is a car salesman . i've a mini van . does he sell those ?
he is retired now but still has connections .
gotcha . do you have kids ?
not yet . maybe some day i will but definitely not 4 of them !
persona
i like classic radio programs.
summer is my favorite season.
i enjoy fishing.
i love decorating for christmas.
persona II
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i have four siblings.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i am the oldest sibling.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
good . i am listening radio , i love listen classic on the radio .
who is your favorite composer ?
mozart . do you like fishing ?
i do but i've to find very short rods because i'm tiny
summer and fishing . unfortunately , i've to go work everyday . i hate from work .
i don't look forward to working
do you prepare for christmas , every year i do myself .
i always help my dad decorate his room at school
we are decorating with my sister . i love it .
how many siblings do you have ?
i have two . i'm older than . do you have any ?
there are five of us which i am the oldest
awesome . you are big family . does you father work at school ?
he does he teaches 5th grade
nice , how old are you ?
i am 17 years old
i am twenties i am older than you .
persona
until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
my shyness made me panick and i didn t show up.
i was accepted to participate.
i m a shy person but i love to sing.
persona II
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
my inspiration is clasical music.
i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how is it going today ?
i am good how are you
i am doing some freelance work , but on a break . you ?
i am trying to audition for a singing competition
oh , so we are both artists just different mediums .
what kind of art do you do
animation . i would love to work for dreamworks ! lol
that sould be so cool
i work on my own right now , but someday i'll submit to them .
how long have you been doing that
for about two years now . i went to art school for it .
that's nice i wish i was more creative
what kind of music do you sing ?
pop music but i get nervous and don't preform
yeah , i would be nervous too . do you take vocal lessons ?
yeah but i hate singing in front of people
persona
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i am gay.
i live in portland , oregon.
i brew my own beer.
persona II
i am a receptionist at a doctors office.
my name is mary.
i am also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
dialogue
hello . care to talk to a receptionist today ?
hey ! how are you ?
i am good . i am mary and you are ?
are you a receptionist ? lol . i am okay , tired . just made a batch of beer
yes at a doctors office while going to school . oh you make beer ?
that's cool ! do you like it ? and yes , it started as a hobby
yes . ca not wait to finish my radiology studies though . so you make money now ?
how long until you are done ? yup ! its my job now , so perfect
a few years . being a receptionist can be stressful sometimes .
i can imagine , i'll send you some beer to help you destress lol
oh nice ! so any other hobbies you have ?
a lot of hiking , sports , and photography . you ?
persona
i don't eat well.
i sleep most of the day.
i am not social.
i am very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i work in a factory.
persona II
i work at a hotel overnight.
i enjoy video games.
i write in my spare time.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i'm ok , but i'm pretty lazy unfortunately .
i can be too and i love to eat junk food . i eat more than i should .
me too ! i want to eat well but i like food and sleeping a lot more .
i barely get any sleeps . i work nights at a hotel .
i do too . i work at a factory at night and sleep all day .
when i get off work all i want to do is play video games .
we sound a lot alike . i socialize very little . i prefer to be alone
me too . i like to write when i've some free time .
i should get more done in the day than i do .
sometimes it is hard to get motivated .
definitely . maybe if i ate better i'd have more motivation .
could be . i just cannot stay away from cookies and chips !
my job is in a cereal factory so that is my fave !
i usually skip breakfast . i am too tired when i get home .
breakfast food is some of my favorite and then i like a good nap .
persona
my favorite animals are dolphins.
i've my own channel.
i love youtube.
my father works in advertising agency.
i enjoy making let s plays.
persona II
i'm weak and selfish , but i want to change.
i trust in god.
i hate evil.
my mind is set on things above.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
dialogue
hi there . how are you doing ?
i'm good . filming myself putting on makeup for my youtube channel
sounds fun ! i feel like make up for me hides my weaknesses . i like that .
there are so many good channels on youtube . do you like it ?
yes i do . i like the spiritual ones since i am a tarot reader .
oh wow interesting . can you communicate with dolphins ? i love them
i've with other animals . never with a dolphin though .
my dad could advertise for you if you want to make your business bigger
your dad does advertising , hey ? that would be awesome . what does he charge .
he is pretty affordable . not sure of exact cost
that is good to know . is he a nice guy ?
very nice . he helps me make my lets plays
sounds like a good person . hard to trust after a bad relationship .
are you divorced or separated ?
divorced . it was messy . i believe in karma though .
absolutely . i wish you all the best
persona
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
my mother met elvis.
persona II
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i'm a couponed.
i love to save money.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
dialogue
hello there ! how is ti going ?
i hate that irma came .
nature gonna nature . . . did your property take much damage ?
not yet just left , i just love all the water but that's a biggie
ya . water is intense . lots of power
i rather see it in a cartoon lol i know that is fake
you watch a lot of cartoons ?
yes i do my mom talks too much about elvis , she met him .
really ? that is neat . i ran into someone famous while shopping once
really , who ? i left my parents really young
i don't remember . the cashier said it was jason bleeder or something like that
omao ! i like that response
i did not know i was trying to be funny . . .
oh well you are lol
persona
i like to go fishing.
i like to play board games.
i'm an athlete.
i race cars for a living.
i've 4 daughters.
persona II
i've a large mustache.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i live in a condo.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi i'm doing good , what are some of the things you do ?
i used to love to drink
that's good , i fish , play board games , sports , and race cars .
do you have facial hair
i do considering i have 4 girls .
i have a huge mustache yeah
thanks interesting , how do you like it ?
it is okay except when we have soup
thanks makes no sense , however i can understand .
yeah do you live in a house
yes i live in 4 walls made out of drywall .
i live next to my girlfriend yeah
how is that ? you ever get tired of each other ?
we live next door so i get my space
makes perfect sense , i would not be able to do that .
persona
he taught me right from wrong.
my father was a cook.
i'm a fisherman.
he worked hard.
persona II
my mother was an rn.
i love history.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
i am a technician.
i love to play softball.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
i am doing very well , just made it in to port .
port ? like air port ? i just left the office myself .
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well .
oh that's really cool , my mother was the best nurse at the hospital .
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well .
do you suffer from dementia ?
your mother must have worked as hard as my father , he was the chef .
lol . she was always at work , my dad finished dry wall for new houses .
my father raised me on his own . no , i do not have dementia , do you ?
lol no , you had just repeated yourself . so i thought maybe you had .
may have been a glitch in the system , i'm not good with electronics .
do you play any sports ? i've been playing softball since highschool !
no , i do not . i'm more of a hiker .
persona
i prefer summer over winter.
i graduated college a few years ago.
i was born outside the us.
i ve a big family.
i love food.
persona II
i like ice cream.
i love rock music.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
i'm taking courses online.
i am engaged.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
hi ! yes , i love cooking and watching movies with family .
awesome ! my favorite food is ice cream . have you ever cooked ice cream ?
yes , we make homemade ice cream all the time !
i always eat ice cream with my fiance
what is your favorite flavor ? mine is chocolate , then banana .
cookies and cream is my favorite . but my fiance prefers cookie dough
so when are you getting married ? soon ?
we are still planning the wedding . i got engaged a year ago at a rock concert
that is nice ! i have not met mr . right yet .
i wish you luck ! foo fighters concerts are the perfect meet up spot
thanks ! what is your favorite season ? i like summer .
i also like summer because i get a break from my online courses
what do you study ? i already graduated .
persona
i like to go fishing.
i like to play board games.
i've 4 daughters.
i'm an athlete.
i race cars for a living.
persona II
i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.
i am nurse.
i like to visit national parks.
i play the violin.
i am married with 5 kids.
dialogue
hi . do you like to travel to any national parks ?
maybe , is there fishing there ?
in some . we take our five children with us when we go .
how many children do you have
five . they like to hear me playing violin . do you like music ?
i've 4 , i don't have time for music
why not ? it calms me down from working as a nurse .
i am sporty , and i spend my spare time racing cars
i like cars too . my husband drove cars when we met freshman year .
i don't care about your husband
that is not nice . what do you care about ?
hmmmm . board games , my kids , cars , you
do your kids like board games . my five children do .
not really . they do not like much that i like .
okay . what else do you like to do ?
anything , everything , nothing . going fishing
persona
welding is my career field.
my parents don't know i am gay.
i'm primarily a meat eater.
i like playing video games.
persona II
i own a iphone 7.
i'm allergic to seafood.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well , you ?
not bad i worked long hours tonight like my father used to .
i just got done welding all day . time for video games a steak !
sounds great ! maybe a little hot chocolate after dinner
chocolate is always good . would you like to hear a secret ?
oh sure why not . i'm generally a good sport .
i'm gay have not told my parents .
my mom used to read to me i hope your parents are supportive , too
my parents are very religious . i'm afraid they won't understand .
i believe the one that loves us all loves us unconditionally . i hope they do
i do not think they would even understand me chatting with strangers ! ; p
i'm really sorry about that . i will pray for their understanding . . . and food allergies ?
food allergies are easier to cure then intolerance . . . it has been nice chatting with you though !
yes i agree my friend . it has been nice chatting with you , too !
have a great night , it is about time for my steak games !
persona
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
my inspiration is classical music.
i am a graphic designer.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
persona II
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i am a mother of three.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm bipolar.
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
dialogue
good morning how is your day ?
oh you know , working hard to reach my dreams .
what kind of work poyou do ? i work as a registered nurse
right now i'm just a small graphic designer , but working my way up .
sounds good . do you have any children ?
no but i love kids movies . i would like to work for dreamworks .
i plan to be a mother next year . maybe can see your movies
haha , it will take longer than a year , but maybe eventually .
are you having breakfast where you live ?
no its late here . just listening to some classical music , hoping to get inspiration .
i like classical music too very calming for the soul
probably good for your baby too .
persona
i have no parents or siblings.
i always travel alone.
my favorite meal is steak.
i am incredibly smart.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
persona II
i'm a cheerleader.
i live on a ranch.
i've black hair.
i enjoy the outdoors.
i am 21 years old.
dialogue
hi there , how are you this evening
i am doing incredibly well . i am alone eating steak . you ?
good . might have come from my ranch .
perhaps . i travel a lot , though . your ranch would have to distribute widely .
it does . we own 750 acres and about 1000 head of cattle .
this is probably from your ranch then . i often eat steak instead of sleeping .
i am 21 and have dark hair .
you sound mysterious . what else do you do with your time ?
cheer lead for our college team .
mysterious indeed . i am intelligent enough to skip college , but i go for the networking .
i wish class was outdoors . i'd go more .
what do you do outdoors ?
camp , hike , fish hunt , even just sit .
sounds great . i have no immediate family and travel alone , so that sounds tranquil .
it can be sometimes . wish i could do it more .
well , thank you for all the steak . it has been great talking to you .
persona
i am a foodie.
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to cook.
i love kids and dogs.
persona II
i like pasta.
i like cookies.
i'm a student.
i like painting , i can cook well.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
hello , i am fine . how are you ?
i'm good just doing some painting
is that a hobby ? i'm a big foodie , i love to cook different meals .
yeah i just do it for fun . i love cooking too !
what do you like to make ? i also enjoy chatting with friends .
anything with pasta is great and i love making cookies
oh i love both those things ! what do you do ?
i'm in school right now
oh nice , hope that's going well for you .
it is only three more years left
i bet you cannot wait . i enjoy being at home with my kids and dogs
www how many kids do you have ?
two kids and three dogs , quite a busy house .
persona
i hate flowers.
i make my own clothes.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i play the piano.
i am going bald.
persona II
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i have a strange obsession with pens.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i wish i made more money.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hello can you believe that i saw jimmy fallon in person ?
wow i need to make more money like him
i agree . since playing the piano i could may earn some money doing that lol
i like to write a lot too
i do sometimes . i enjoy sewing my own clothes
that sounds like a lot of fun i would like to help
my aunt always sewed her clothes she's gone now but i love it
i'm sorry to hear that she is gone
i loved visiting her so was so kind and gentle
that sounds great i bet she was nice
she had a green thumb and loved flowers me not all that much
really did she have a green house
no just lots and lots of flowers in her yard and some veggies
that's nice no garden i take it
i love fresh garden vegetables
persona
my car is over 20 years old.
my mother was a school music teacher.
my dad was a preacher.
my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.
i didn't finish college.
persona II
i enjoy working out and learning new things.
i play the guitair.
i'm a student in college.
my name is kevin.
i am studying software development.
dialogue
hey , do you know anyone named kevin ?
i do ! we have a kevin at the church my dad preached at !
oh , i wanted to be the only kevin you knew .
i am sure i know other kevins from where my mom was a music teacher too lol
you are making me unhappy
i am sorry ! heres something happy . i am getting a new car ! mines so old ! over 20 years !
i don't even care about that .
hmmm heres something else happy . i am going back to college because i didn't finish
i'm a student too
that's cool ! what do you do with your free time ? any favorite movies ?
i play music . i could play you a song
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
i play music . i could play you a song
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
persona
my parents were scientists.
i work as a scientist.
i'm well built and tall.
i like the beatles.
i m in gymnastics.
persona II
my parents are both over age 100.
i build aquariums for a living.
my wife is legally deaf.
i have six brothers.
dialogue
hello . my name is rob . how are you today ?
lol hi rob , it is ray from florida again
haha hi ray . long time no talk !
at the age of 45 i am still on a gymnastic team
tell me an interesting fact about yourself . my parents are over 100 years old .
well my mom and dad are both scientists , but gave since retired
what do you do for work ? i build these cool aquariums .
i followed in their footsteps and became a scientist as well
are you married ? i'm to a deaf woman . legally she is deaf . but i love her .
not married , but i work out because i'm tall and well built
ray , do you have a large family ?
i went to a beatles concert in 1967 , even though i was born in 1972
that sounds impossible . i listen to the beatles with my six big brothers .
well my dad took me , he just did not know i was there at the time
so you were 5 years old at the time ?
yeah i was just swimming and swimming like dori from nemo lol
persona
i m single.
i love watching superheroes shows.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
persona II
i have six older sisters.
i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.
i love walking in the park.
i work for a small , family owned restaurant.
dialogue
hey , nice to meet you !
hello , nice to meet you too .
how is your day ? i just got done from a run in the park .
it was good , i binge watched the show heroes today .
i loved that series . what genre is your favorite ? mine is comedy .
i love anything action superheros all the way . where do you work ?
i work with a family owned bistro as a server . how about yourself ?
i work at home through a call center . stare at screens all day .
that isn't too bad ! do you have any siblings ?
yes a few , we face time on our i phones constantly .
sounds like the exact opposite of what i'm trained to do .
i stay on my phone . most of my books are ebooks . what do you read ?
i enjoy british literature . how about you ?
mostly sci fi dystopian novels . does your spouse share your interest ?
persona
i've 2 brothers.
i am a senior in high school.
i am interested in producing music.
i'm going to start school at the university of kentucky.
persona II
i play the violin.
my favorite color is red orange.
i enjoy watching horror flicks.
i want to be a music teacher.
dialogue
hi there . hope you are well
i am great ! just got my acceptance letter .
nice ! way to go ! do you like scary movies ? i do .
i do not mind the them but they are not my favorite .
i also enjoy playing the violin . do you play anything ?
i play piano and guitar
i'd love to be a music teacher one day .
i'm going to study music production in college .
awesome sauce . my favorite color is like a reddish orange . do you have one ?
blue for the university of kentucky
i've family in kentucky . love it there .
that is where i just got accepted .
it is very pretty there . i hope you like it there .
my two older brothers go there .
they will help you find your way around then . i have no siblings .
it is hard to imagine life without them .
persona
i am a student.
i'm an only child.
i've a pet dog.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i grew up homeschooled.
i've a hard time feeling connected with people.
i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.
i care deeply about animals.
i take my emotions out through art.
dialogue
hey . i sometimes scream to feel alive
i bet it feels invigorating !
yea , i scream at my art . it makes me paint better
lol i am hungry for pizza it is my favorite
i hope you don't eat meat . i love animals . they are my best friends
i've a dog , but yes i eat meat
dogs are awesome . growing up my dog was my only friend
aww . . . my dogs name is honey she's a golden
you must be a nice person since you care about your dog
i was an only child so my pet was important to me
me too . i was home schooled
i actually homeschooled my daughter
that is nice . how old is your daughter ?
she's 34 years old now
persona
i studied early childhood education in college.
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i have a puppy named tiki.
persona II
i live on a beet farm.
my favorite animal is a bear.
i'm a paper salesman.
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i think beets are the best vegetable.
dialogue
hey ! ! i am watching battlestar galactica for the 0th time
wow that's a lot i am sitting here with my dog tiki
fun ! ! i am about to make beet juice before my paper route .
i want to try some if i can
it is amazing ! i my parents are beet farmers , so we eat it all the time .
that is interesting i'm a teacher
i would love to be a teacher ! mine are so nice .
that's cool i went to college
i sell papers to save money for college ! i want to work with bears !
that sounds truely amazing to me
you know what else is amazing ! ? . . . beets
are they i never eat them
i feed them to my pet bear ! i love bears
they're the best i suppose
do you like movies ? i love bsg
i love movies of all sorts
persona
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i like to go to the movies.
persona II
i've a nice smile.
many people want to be my friend.
i love to exercise.
i am not a nice person.
i like makeup.
dialogue
want to go to sumba class with me tonight . i need to exercise .
hey hows it going tonight
good . so you want to go with me ?
yea sure . lets watch some movies too
what movie ? i need to put on my makeup first .
about cars hopefully . love the mustang
i love mustangs . candy apple red
do you like pets ? you should
i love pets . 6 cats , 2 dogs , 1 fish
that's too many . only 2 dogs for me
yeah , i know . i clean the litter boxes . but also one to pet .
i've 3 jobs . cant have any more pets
that's a lot of work . do you have to smile a lot at work
not really . i'm mostly grumpy
persona
i am the head of the gun club.
i have a beta fish.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i am a poet.
persona II
my favorite animal is a zebra.
i am in preschool.
i like to dance.
i'm a girl.
i like to play outside.
dialogue
i just got back from safari !
well , i was taking care of my beta fish
nice , is a beta fish your favorite animal ? mine are zebras .
i think so . also , i donated clothes today
cool , my school did that . i cannot wait until i get to first grade .
you are awful young
yup ! and i love dancing . how old are you ?
well , i am an old poet .
wow . are you a boy or a girl ?
also , i am involved in the gun club !
that sounds scary . my mom says guns are not for girls
i am a guy . also , i golf
golf is boring but being outside is a blast
no , guns can be dangerous , and you really have to know how to use them !
how do you learn how to use guns ?
well , there are special classes you have to take
persona
i'm a college student who is a full time working mom.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
until then i will make 215 an hour.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
persona II
i would like to try sky diving.
i do whatever it takes to get what i want.
i have driven a race car before.
i've a bad habit of being dishonest.
i sometimes get into fights.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am good how are you
i'm really bored right now . i wish i could be sky diving now !
but it is raining yeah
i like trying new adventures . i once drove a race car .
wow i want to drive one
it is fun . when i want to try something i don't let anyone stop me .
yeah i like that conviction nice
what do you do for fun ?
mostly i just go to class
what do you study ? i got kicked out of class once for fighting .
studying to be a doctor
that is great . that has to be exhausting .
it sure is i tell you
i'd have a hard time telling the truth to patients if it is bad news .
you have to be strong for them
persona
i wear contacts.
i am very athletic.
i've brown hair.
i hate carrots.
i love bicycling.
persona II
i love the game halo.
yellow is my favorite color.
i work for a magazine.
i like to read.
i love to workout.
dialogue
hello , do u like video games i love halo
i am a ps4 person . mostly i like playing sports and biking though .
sports are fun but i'd rather go to the gym and workout
get pumped ! do you eat right ? i try , but orange veggies .
yes i eat very healthy , as i work for a health magazine
i bet you get all the awesome promo gear . any sport contacts ?
no sports contacts i am a avid reader in my spare time
i need contacts to read . glasses fall off when i work out .
do u have a favorite color mine is yellow
definitely not any color close to carrot for me . you write for the magazine ?
i am a editor for home cooking
neat ! please tell me you do not like cooking with carrots .
i do not like carrots more of a pepper person
good to hear . my hair is a pepper brown color . i am getting grey .
persona
my father worked for ge.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i love animals.
green is my favorite color.
i'm an aspiring singer.
persona II
i work for a beer distributor.
my husband is a stay at home dad.
i'm married.
my favorite singer is taylor swift.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i like tennis and the color green and animals
i like spending time with my husband and listening to taylor swift . what else do you like ?
i love to sing ! i also like to walk on the moon
you go walking on the moon often ? i work with a beer distributor .
i don't ike beer much at all
oh . are you married ? my husband stays at home with our kids .
i like to go on walks in the park
that sounds fun especially with the cooler weather coming .
yeah , also i like to sing and play with pencils
what do you like to sing ?
i'm not sure . maybe nothing
i like to sing taylor swift
i do not like her , she is too pretty
persona
i love the snow.
i like to surf every chance i get.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
i m saving for college.
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
persona II
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i'm the youngest sibling of four.
i geocache in my spare time.
i'm a school psychologist.
chocolate is my favorite food.
dialogue
good evening how are you feeling today .
i am good . watching casino , robert deniro is my favorite actor .
i am the baby of my parents four children .
i work the graveyard shift in a hotel .
i'm the psychologist at a grammar school .
i'm saving money for college so i can be a psychologist .
i love to eat lots of chocolate .
sounds yummy ! i love playing in the snow
i enjoy geocache on my leisure time .
what ? ? i like surfing anytime i get a chance .
i'm being taught how to use a piano .
i wish i knew how to play .
what are your plans for this evening ?
wondering if i should go out for ice cream . it feels so late right now .
what did you have for dinner ?
we made burgers . what about you ?
persona
i have 4 children.
my husband was a career soldier.
i am a senior citizen.
i like to read.
persona II
i believe that mermaids are real.
i've four sisters.
i love iced tea.
i m terrified of heights.
dialogue
tried going up the cn tower . got scared . too high up .
why would you want to do that ? i would rather stay at home and read .
my four sisters dragged me . if they enticed me with iced tea i might consider it .
you have 4 sisters ? i've 4 kids . wonder if we have more in common .
well most people do not believe mermaids are real . i do . do you ?
hunny , my husband was a serious solder . i only believe what i can see .
he was a soldier in what army ?
he represented our united states army all through his life .
good for him . does he like donald trump ?
he died last year .
that's sad . what are your personal beliefs ?
i believe i love my children so much . kind of like you love iced tea .
that must be a lot because i love iced tea !
but not heights , right ? when i was young , i loved iced tea too .
yes exactly . i hope to overcome my fear of heights .
good luck to you . when you are my age , hopefully you will enjoy reading .
persona
i have three pets.
i'd like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i love going to the gym.
i am currently on a diet.
persona II
i take everything literally.
i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.
i have aspergers.
i've a very good memory.
dialogue
hello friend . what are you doing ?
i'm doing all great and you
not so great but getting better i hope .
3 pets take my stress away
where do they take it ?
and my diet makes me feel good
i'm glad for you , i feel nervous often .
and my gym time makes it really better
i have a job at a gym , just started today .
can i bring my lets in the gym ?
no , the rules i read said you cannot , sorry .
i will make my own gym then
can you build a gym ?
home made gym just at home
i like staying home , i get awkward in public .
oh that is a great idea
persona
i am a michigan state trooper.
i've four daughters.
i have two siberian huskies.
i play guitar.
i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
persona II
and , my best friend is abigail.
i take martial arts after school.
i'm ten years old.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi , how many kids to you have ? i'm a father of daughters of 4 .
i'm only 10 i'm a kid ! !
i'm fine and you , do you like guitar playing ? i do .
no do you have a vestie
oh , all kids love dogs , do you know i've two dogs ? you know what kind ?
no i'm gonna be a hall monitor soon
what is vestie ? siberian is the type of huskies i have
my set friend ever . its abigail
i don't quite understand you , do you like chocolate cake ?
yeah all kid love chocolate
nice name your friend , what do you think of state troopers from michigan ? cool ?
state troopers like the white helmet star wars people ?
being a trooper is my job . at breaks i eat my cake , guess what flavor ?
persona
i design video games for a living.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.
persona II
i own a dog that's small.
i've beard that's longer.
i like to ride my bike.
i like to play football.
i am a younger guy.
dialogue
hello i'm a 22 year old guy with a long beard
i'm chad and i'm a video game programmer for a living
awesome i love video games . i really love to play football
that's cool , wife got laid off work as a human resources job
that is terrible . i hope she finds some work
me too , i want to create my own start up company in the gaming industry
that's very ambitious of you . do you have any pets ?
no pets , my son plays football on a local team
i've a miniature pincher named sam he very small
my job has let me be on the design team for over 65 video games
would i know any of the games ? how old is your son ?
he is 12 years of age and is good at it
i play football all the time
maybe you and my son can play
maybe i'm 6 foot and i wight 280
wow . ok , what do you do for fun ?
persona
i have won tap dance competitions.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i've a twin brother.
i love to bake cakes.
persona II
my mom is my best friend.
i m terrified of heights.
i have four sisters.
i believe that mermaids are real.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
feeling good , tell me about yourself .
i am one of five sisters . do you have siblings
i've a brother , we are twins .
wow . are you identical or fraternal
identical with very differing interests . have you ever read david copperfield ?
i've not ? are you close to your family ?
very close , i bake the cakes for all the birthdays and get togethers .
that's nice ! i'm closest with my mom we are great friends
would you two like to come to my tap dance competition ? i could win again .
wow tap dance that is impressive ! did you win last year ?
i win almost every time . do you have a special talent ?
i don't , i really wish i could sing
just keep practicing . you should read david copperfield too . inspiring .
thanks ! i will have to check it out !
i'd let you borrow mine but it is hard to part with .
persona
i do not trust anyone.
i like the library.
i want to be alone sometimes.
i feel competitive against other women.
persona II
i'm good at throwing parties.
i want to live at the beach.
i love honey.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
dialogue
hello stranger how are you ?
hi , there , stranger . i am fine . how are you ?
i am good . i always love talking to strangers . its always fascinating .
why would that be fascinating ? i do not trust them .
well its meeting someone new ! sometimes i invite them to my parties .
what kind of parties do you throw ? not that i'm interested . . .
different types . i am the best at throwing parties ! do you like to party ?
i am not sure . . . i've never really been to one .
never ? well you must come to one of mine soon !
i might but i probably wo not . you can find me at the local library . . . by myself .
by yourself ? you must have friends . i want friends by the beach . someday hope to live there .
a few . . . guy friends only . i cannot relate to other women although i'm one .
persona
i listen to pink when i'm painting.
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
my wife makes the best pasta.
persona II
my grandparents are dead.
i love chocolate.
i love watching anime.
i owe two laptops.
i've a flower garden.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
listening to pink , i always listen to this when i'm painting . you ?
have to ge tthe door brb
i'll draw for you while i wait . i am good and do it all the time
do you have a flower garden ?
nope , but i drew a map , takes me an hour to drive to work in morning traffic
are your parents alive then ?
nope we ate them , because my wife makes very good pasta .
what is your favorite food
people pasta , you should have some it is the best
i just eat chocolate mostly
people chocolate ? never thought of making that . sound very good
persona
i love to workout.
i like to read.
yellow is my favorite color.
i work for a magazine.
persona II
i love animals.
i love reading.
i work at a hotel.
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
dialogue
hello ! can you tell me something about yourself , such as what your favorite food is ?
i can tell you that i love to work out . you ?
not really . i get enough of a work out working at a hotel . what are your hobbies ?
i like reading that is why i work for a magazine
i love to read and usually munch on chicken nuggets when i do . do you like music ?
i like shakira , she has pretty yellow hair . yellow is my favorite .
i like fine frenzy . do you have pets ? i have dogs and enjoy animals .
i love dogs ! i have 2 and a kitten .
sounds like we have a lot in common . i think i need to go .
i hope you have a good night .
thanks ! i hope you have a good night , too . bye !
i think we have to wait a bit longer ?
i think so , too . well , you are nice to talk to .
what kind of dogs do you have ?
persona
i live alone in my condo.
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i post on reddit often.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.
i design video games for a living.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my son plays on the local football team.
dialogue
hi . i am heading to see my son play football tonight . what are your plans ?
probably head home to the condo . no plans tonight
do you have family that lives nearby ?
i do not . i live alone here . family is overseas . you ?
just my son . what do you do in your spare time ?
on weekends i bike ride but mostly i spend my time on reddit . you ?
i love playing and designing video games .
sounds fun . what have you designed lately ?
just some games . my team and i have designed over 65 video games .
i see . any particular genre ?
fantasy mostly . i'm trying to create my own start up company .
i tried that once . did not go so well because i based it off my favorite color .
what is your favorite color ?
it is blue . what is your start company about ?
persona
i am a vegan.
i am a registered nurse.
i enjoy reading.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i've two smartphones.
persona II
i love the outdoors.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i've no technological skills.
i am a savage.
i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.
dialogue
hey there ! tell me about yourself .
hello . i am a nurse and i love books and movie in my spare time
that's cool i love the out doors , and work for discovery
discovery ?
yeah editing and creating videos for them , like the channel
oh ok . . . i love shark week !
same , same it is a very busy time for me .
why ?
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content . . get is aid that
it seems everything is fake now a days . . .
it is very much so fake , everything but the outdoors i love it out there
i wish i could get out more . i'm in the hospital all day . double shifts
persona
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
i'ven t gone home in over two years.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i can speak three languages.
i am currently traveling in japan.
persona II
i am a travel agent.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
my parents own a business that i m now running.
i like fitness.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
dialogue
i can get you a good deal on round trip tickets to jamaica .
cool . i travel often so that could be useful . where do you live ?
great , i am now your new best friend in new york city .
haha that's funny . i am currently in japan .
a travel agent best friend is serious business for the traveler . best deals !
great . i've not been home in like 2 years . maybe we can go together one day
i love all the j places . japan , jakarta , but jamaica is my favorite destination .
ja man . i went to jamaica once and a rasta rolled up a fat one
i run the show at my parents travel agency , we can go there any time .
i am a freelance programmer . i make a lot of money to fund my traveling lifestyle
awesome , i knew this was a good match . next month is barbados , interested ?
sure i'm down . i know a guy we can get pot from down there
you can get similar highs from working out . running on the shores of the world .
yea i prefer drugs . i'm lazy haha
persona
i love to travel.
i'm a college student.
i work as a construction worker during the summers.
my parents are divorced.
persona II
i play bass.
my feet are size six womens.
i love the band red hot chili peppers.
i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.
i've a french bulldog.
dialogue
hey there . how are you ?
i am pretty upset right now
oh no . why ? i play the bass , the rich tones really help me when i am sad .
my mom just told me she divorced my dad
that is awful ! i'm sorry to hear that . do you have a dog to cuddle you ?
i wish haha my college doesn't allow them in the dorms
my french bulldog is my baby . she keeps me going when things get rough .
do you work ? i work constriction during the summer so i would need a sitter
i am currently selling washers at sears , but i'd like to be a journalist one day .
construction , i mean . as a journalist , would you travel ? i love travelling
i'd cover music . my dream is to follow red hot chili peppers around . love them .
they came to my area last summer but i was too busy working construction to go
. www man . they really are a sight to see .
they really are i was disappointed about having to miss them
persona
i used to be a meat eater but i m now a vegan.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i go to yoga.
watching sports is fun.
persona II
i m in love with adam levine.
i have two children under ten.
i love eating kale.
i have two cats.
dialogue
hi there . how are you ?
i am well . thanks . what are you doing ?
i am doing a tarot reading and playing with my cats .
i love tarot , what is your favorite card ?
the high priestess is my very favorite
very nice . i am more of a temperance guy . but i am also into sports .
i do like that card too . it has lots of energy .
it does , strength is my birth card though . do you like hockey ?
mine too ! that one i've tattooed on my leg . and yes i do
nice to meet you . i like to live a more enlightened life i guess
i do too . good way to be though . any kids ?
one daughter . she is two , and she is my heart . we do yoga together .
haha awesome . i do yoga with my kids also .
it is the only way to be , tarot , yoga , vegan . seriously .
i swear . i could not agree more ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yay ! where are you from ? i'm in new york .
persona
i weight 300 pounds.
i like the movie godfather.
i like candy and soda.
i'm a man.
persona II
mo mother worked as a nurse.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i don't consume caffeine.
i have had the same job for 8 years.
i like to play guitar.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
as good as a 300 pound man can be . how are you ?
good . now , that i fixed the bugs on my computer .
i just watched the godfather for the 300th time .
awesome . i've never seen it .
see 1 and 2 . 3 sucks .
usually the sequels and such do . what is it about ?
oh 2 is as good as 1 . the mafia and the decent from good to bad .
that is interesting . is it a mystery ?
no , more of a drama . one of the greatest films of all time .
so is it a sad movie ?
depends on how you define sad .
i do not know . the women in my family watch a lot of lifetime .
that's unfortunate . no women in my house .
persona
i'm a writer.
i am married.
i've ten nieces and nephews.
i enjoy going to museums.
i live in new york city.
persona II
i've 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i m a photographer.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ?
great ! i live in manhattan and was thinking about going to a museum .
my job is photography so i love takin pix there .
nice . are you married ? i am , but no kids . lots of nephews and nieces .
i am single . i got a tattoo sleeve . some people don't like that .
i like that ! no tattoos for me . i am a chicken .
my 4 dogs do not mind them tho . we are always together .
i have two . i authored 10 books , one for each nephew and niece .
right on ! when i'm at the bar , my friends talk about books .
awesome . i go to bars alot in the city . great place to be .
i agree . i love going into the city too .
where do you live ? ever go to the metropolitan museum of art ?
i am in florida near tampa .
i've been to clearwater before . nice area .
that is where i am at !
i love the beach there . ever go to the indoor surf area ?
persona
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
i go to college part time.
i love candy.
i've a crush on my co worker.
persona II
i've three roommates.
both of my parents are teachers.
i work at a coffee shop.
i've an eyebrows piercing.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
dialogue
hey , i just finished my shift at the coffee shop , how are you doing ?
great ! just finished with classes . i could use a cup of joe !
same , i am always up late because of my three roommates !
throw on a jeans and tee and run . that's why i love wearing them
both of my parents , both teachers , also love to run . i go with them sometimes .
i have to run everyday to work off all the m ms i eat .
lol . we all need more energy though , i have a grunge concert at 1 am tonight .
dude that is late . jay , my crush i work with is going . wish i could too
i can get you in ! my sister and i are performing .
really ? i'm so there . maybe i will get to see jay !
you definitely will . i have an eyebrow piercing appointment in a couple minutes .
yikes ! i got my tongue pierced . that hurt for days
wow . . . . i hope it wo not affect tonights concert ! !
just do not move your eyebrows too much . haha !
persona
i am one of four children.
i have never traveled out of the country.
i enjoy going on hikes.
i work some very odd jobs.
persona II
i am the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my favorite band is up.
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
dialogue
hideyo bipedal carbon life form !
well , hello yourself other bipedal carbon life form !
at del taco i am the team lead of the fried potato research
is there a lot of research to be done on fried potatos ?
i love the musical troupe up !
that's wonderful . i enjoy their music sometimes .
my purpose in life is to create american chips
due to your research in fried potatoes ?
at one time i tripped up an entire set of steps
its hard to trip going up .
my everyday transport is a cycle that you power with your arms
you sound like a robot so i am guessing you can travel quite quickly .
persona
i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
i love to read.
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
i've none to share my thoughts about the books i read.
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
persona II
i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
dialogue
have yoy ever been to the west coast , i've not .
hello i'm ray from florida where are you from
i'm eric . i'm from new york . my dad drove cab here in the seventies .
i'm good i like to blog i mostly have blog with popular publishers
that's cool . i was on the local news once .
no never been to the west coast but i have read about it
i've heard its nice . i've been to flordia on a fishing boat that my uncle worked on .
i really like to share my opinions after i read a book
ghats a good way to distribute information .
i love florida , i usually post reviews on my blog about books i read
have you ever blogged about local news stories of legal events .
what did you catch on your fishing trip down here ?
its been awhile because my uncle used to work on them . i caught flounder .
yes i have , alot of crazy stuff happens here in miami
my story was a legal event , but yes . . . a lot of drug trafficking .
flounder is really a good fish to eat , i caught a 26 pound flounder once
persona
but i m a frustrated driver.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
my husband works at a telecom.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
i m a people person.
persona II
i am eighteen years old.
i am going to majoring in business.
i received a full scholarship to florida state university.
i just graduated high school with honors.
i just bought my first car.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
hello , i am doing very well . how are you ?
good , same here . just got done with some classes .
what are you taking classes for ? i'm going back to school when my girls hit college .
i'm a business major at fsu .
nice ! my husband works long hours at telecom , so someone has to be here .
oh . i only graduated from high school a few months ago with honors .
awesome ! my oldest is in the honors program at her school
that's cool . how old are they ? i am 18 .
they are 16 17 . we are going mountain climbing this weekend .
that sounds like fun . i just purchased my first car !
how exciting ! i get road rage at times , do you ?
so far i have not !
staying cool is the key . do not let anyone stress you while driving .
yeah . i don't stress out easily .
what are you going to be studying in college ?
persona
i work for a online company from home.
i'm a soccer mom.
i cook every night.
i love family time.
persona II
my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.
i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.
i still love to line dry my clothes.
i am allergic to peanuts.
i'll one day own a ferret.
dialogue
hi , just took my clothes off the line , i love line drying
that is very economical . i'm cooking for my family before a soccer game .
oh cool , i am more of a baseball person i learned from my mom
soccer is what my son does , i just do the driving . lol
sounds fun lol my mom did a lot of driving raising me on her own
your mom sounds awesome . what do you do for work ?
work at the aquarium but i'm a blogger about owning salt water aquariums
so working from home too ? i do as well . i love the freedom .
yup , its funny though water all day but all i want is a ferret lol
ferrets are fun . i had one as a kid . a lot of training though .
oh i know i have done my research but i cant wait
they love hammocks in their cages .
persona
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my favorite color is blue.
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
my house is paid for.
i wear a uniform to work.
persona II
i like to surf.
i'm a mechanic.
i own a german shepard.
i own a corvette.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i just done with my painting , i just had a free time to do it
well i surf the ocean in my free time
i play around with color blue coz it is my favorite
i also work on my own car
wow , i drive my 4 wheel car
i've a dog that i love
i need to wash my uniform at work after this
i also have a corvette it is fast
my house is already paid
lucky you i owe one million on mine
that s it you will be doing
i know i love to drive and surf
wow that's a great idea
persona
i talk in my sleep.
i like tacos.
i watch a movie sundays evenings.
i own a cat.
persona II
i like to sew.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i am a great baker.
i have few friends.
dialogue
hi . i like katy perry . you ?
she's okay . . . i am more into tacos lol
i do not blame you
i have a sunday night taco and movie ritual . . . cant miss it lol
wow , that sounds google . really .
what can i say , my cat and i are super exciting
i am an awesome baker .
what is your favorite to bake ?
muffins and cookies and cake and everything .
funny , my son said i was talking about cake in my sleep last night
oh my . that sounds like me !
i am not the greatest at baking though
oh . that is ok . i sew alot you ?
hey i'm sewing right now . . . mittens
persona
i exercise everyday.
i am a social butterfly.
i like to swim.
i am in college.
persona II
i don't have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
i want to visit rome , but i cannot make myself go alone.
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
good good , real good . swam 200 laps and aced a test !
once i flirted with a dmv guy to ace a driving exam .
lol , congrats . i've never done something like that . you sound brave
it helps when you have a deadbeat for a father . i fend for myself .
do what you gotta do . how old are you ?
what is it to you ? are you trying to pick me up or something ?
not at all , just wondering . . .
look , smarty pants . i'm much too mature for you . what else do you wanna know ?
sounds like it ! wondering if you were college age , but guess not lol
do you listen to music ?
yeah pretty much all day , only time i'm not when i'm swimming
persona
i've 4 dogs.
i enjoy swimming.
i've a missing pinky toe.
i do not like green eggs and ham.
persona II
i hope to retire to florida.
my mother and father are both in the church choir.
i own my own music store.
i played in a band for 17 years.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hi i'm doing ok how are you
i'm good . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a consultant for a local police department .
oh . i own a music store .
i like music do you sell just cds or have instruments too
i just sell . i used to play guitar but it has been awhile .
that's interesting . do you have any pets
i played in the same band for 17 years ! but i hurt my arm and stopped .
oh i'm sorry you had to quit the band .
yeah , it was for the best .
i like to swim i go to the pool all the time
i love to swim , especially at the beach .
i like pools better the ocean has to many animals like sharks
yeah , i wish i had a pool .
i mostly go to the ymca to swim now a days
persona
i enjoy hiking.
i have two border collies.
i speak french and english fluently.
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
i'm an artist.
persona II
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
i m a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i sleep in a princess bed.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good how about you ?
i'm doing great . i like dolls .
cool , i love to draw i'm sort of an artist .
what kind of art do you make
i like to paint and make some sculptures .
what kind of sculptures do you make
i like to make animal and nature sculptures . i get inspired from hiking .
do you like to hike a lot
i do , i am planning to move to washington state soon
what are you going to do there
there is more places to walk my border collies .
how many of those do you have
i have two of them . they're so sweet .
persona
i attend book club every week.
my mom is my best friend.
i could not live without my cell phone.
i am more of a cat person than a dog person.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
persona II
i work in retail.
i drive a ford taurus.
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i love katy perry.
dialogue
hi
hi , what are you up to tonight ?
i just came in from my car taurus to get my diet coke .
interesting . . . . i just got back from book club . do you read ?
not really . magazines when its slow at work i work in retial
ah , i see . i get cosmo e edition on my cell phone , i love it !
i read that one , i love clothes and shop way too much .
right ? ! my mom and i shop together often , i am a sucker for amazons 1 click buy .
i like to shop online too and listen to katy pery
my cat hates katy perry , he meows like crazy every time her music comes on .
lol . that is no good . do you like music ?
i do , i always have pandora on on my phone . 80s rock is my favorite .
persona
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
i have the gene that lets me know when someone s eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
persona II
i have a pet skunk.
i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.
my nails are painted green.
my brother thinks he s a viking.
dialogue
hey ! where are you from ? i am from portland or !
i am from a city called alsip in illinois
i live on the top floor , in the attic , of an apartment building . you ?
i live in a house , and it is close to a steakhouse i really like .
do you have any pets ? i have a skunk called stinky .
i have a dog . do you like to eat out ?
yes . i take my brother . he thinks he's a viking and only eats meat .
that is funny . i love steak , my favorite is ribeye .
i need to makeover my nails . they're painted green . any suggestions ?
halloween is coming up , maybe black ?
that's a fantastic idea ! thanks !
you are welcome . do you like coffee ?
i drink it occasionally , but i prefer tea with milk and sugar . how about you ?
i love coffee ! i keep trying new flavors and i've a few favorites in the fridge .
these must be cold coffee varieties . what kinds are currently in your fridge ?
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
sounds delicious ! which is your favorite ?
i usually prefer hazelnut , but it depends on my mood .
persona
i love animals.
i make 50k a year.
i'm a vegetarian.
i like to make clothes.
i work for peta.
persona II
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i love my grandchildren.
i'm a wife.
i live by a lake.
i am a mother.
dialogue
childrearing is one of the most fulfilling parts of being human . do you agree ?
yes it is very difficult but so worth it when they're older
family is so important . i hope my children will take over the family business .
that would be nice . i just got done sewing a new dress for me
are you very creative ? do you work ?
i am not that creative i follow a pattern . i am a nurse
oh wow , what kind of nurse ?
rn i worked at a nursing home
such a noble profession . what do you do for fun ?
it is a part time job and i still earn 50k annually
noble and lucrative ! do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy taking care of my dogs and running with them and you ?
i give everything i have to my business . i do it all for my family .
what a giving person ! i am sure they appreciate it
yeah , i hope so , but sometimes i don't feel it .
i think it would be easy to feel taken advantage of
persona
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i'm a sixth grade teacher.
i'm allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i coach the girls volley ball team.
persona II
i drink a lot of tea.
i hope to one day be a published author.
i write short stories in my free time.
i love art museums.
dialogue
hello . how are you this fine evening ?
oh , pretty good . i just got home from coaching volleyball . how are you ?
good other than feeling water logged from all the tea i've drank . haha
haha ! so what do you do besides drink tea ?
i love going to museums whether to look at art or artifacts . what do you like ?
well , i teach 6th grade , but in my down time i like to crochet or watch football
you are quite versatile !
i keep busy how often do you visit museums ? have you been to many ?
i try to visit museums at least several times a year .
that is neat . i enjoy museums too . i've only been to a handful though .
i also enjoy writing , if and when , i've any free time .
awesome ! i would rather go out and sing karaoke than stay in .
persona
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passa.
i eat too much fast food.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i am a national guard officer.
persona II
i live on a lake.
i'm a average american youth.
i hate school.
i fell in love this summer.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you this afternoon ?
i'm good . its a bit warm , though . i cannot wait for the cold weather .
oh , you like the colder weather ?
i love it . i love the snow and the cold . winter is my favorite season . you ?
i think mine would be summer , course , this summer was really awesome . .
yeah , it was great . i do also like driving with my windows down during the summer .
well , i got a girlfriend this summer , so that was awesome . so yeah , summer rules
that's great ! good for you .
thanks ! so , what do you do for a living ? i'm still in school . . cannot stand it
i'm an officer in the national guard . school may be boring , but stick to it .
hey , that's pretty cool ! you guys been doing stuff with the hurricane and all ?
some of my buddies are , but i haven't been deployed yet .
ahhh well , stay safe ! heard those waters are pretty treacherous . got friends in the florida area
thanks . i am sorry for your friends .
persona
i am a viking.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
i have a big beard.
its cold where i live.
persona II
i work as a public affairs liaison.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i eat too much fast food.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passa.
i'm a national guard officer.
dialogue
i love mcdonald , way too much . do you like fast food too ?
i am more into fine dining ! but , i tried it !
fair enough . i will sometimes stay at a sitdown restaurant
i like going fishing on my boat a lot , it is a viking .
you are a viking ? or your boat is ?
both actually , i have a huge beard also ! ! ! ! !
org , nice . if i was a viking , i'd never leave sweden and normal . cold weather is awesome
it is ! ! i also like pillaging too . it is blissful .
ll , i wouldn't allow it . working for public affairs and all
oh that's true ! no , don't do that !
ahahah . anyways . what kinda car do you drive ?
i travel by boat or on foot ! you ?
a volkswagen passa , 2011 . its not the best vehicle , but it gets me from a to b
that's all you really need in life ! at least it is not ancient lol .
persona
my father lives in china.
i like to listen to music.
i have a boxer dog.
i like baths.
i like to exercise.
persona II
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
dialogue
hi ! my name is dana .
hi ! how are you ? where do you live ?
i'm wonderful ! how are you ? ! i live in md . what do you do ?
great ! i'm in ny , but my father is still in china . do you have pets ?
i have 1 dog and 1 cat . how long have you been in ny ?
5 years , with my boxer dog what hobbies do you have ?
i love cloud watching and reading . what is your favorite color ?
clouds remind me of the soapy baths i like to take . blue is my fav .
i'm also crazy about shopping .
i'm into music and extersive . what do you like to shop and where ?
it sounds silly , but i could spend all day in costco !
looking for anything in particular to buy ? me too , but to eat the samples !
aren't they the best ? ! i always find the best deals on shoes there !
they are ! you ; ll have to go outside of costco for nice shoes
what else do you enjoy doing ?
i am into exercise . what sports do you like ?
persona
i enjoy broadway shows.
i am a psychology major.
i love to travel.
i'm a steelers fan.
persona II
i am a full time mom.
my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
i enjoy horseback riding.
dialogue
hello how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
i'm good . i love watching football and going to broadway shows
i like horseback riding myself . married ? do you have any children ?
i travel alone usually . so single . i'm an introvert
i'm total opposite . i'm a full time mom of two boys ! what kind of music do you like ?
i love show tunes . i also love hearing the music they play when the steelers win
do they ever play justin timberlike ? i love justin timberlike !
sometimes . justin timberlike was my favorite in college . i studied psychology
maybe i should introduce you to my two boys .
yes that would be awesome . i could teach them some psychology and watch the steelers
they're too full of themselves because they're so beautiful can you fix that ?
i sure can . they sound like little narcissistic . maybe watch some broadway
maybe i did raise them to be just like justin timberlike
haha did you teach them to sing and dance like him
persona
i m obsessed with animals.
my family is poor.
i practice yoga and hike.
i love the natural world beauty.
persona II
i tutor kids in my spare time.
i used to be very religious.
i have 3 small dogs.
i love to ride bikes.
i have a personal trainer.
dialogue
do you like dogs ? i have three of them .
i do , but we have no dogs . we are a poor family .
oh i exercise my dogs and love to run .
i love animals . but i do hike and yoga tho .
i love to go mountain hiking and biking .
its great . i love the beauty of the natural world .
yes it is great to sit underneath a tree . i used to be a catholic .
right on . so , are you excited for the weekend ?
indeed . the kids are all excited to go to the movies .
oh , what movie are you going to see ?
good question , the kids haven't decided on which one .
we just watched wonder woman .
i loved that show . she was mighty and peaceful .
it was an awesome movie .
persona
i own 10 cats.
i work at home on my computer.
i don't eat asparagus.
i have long red hair.
my favorite jello is the blue one.
persona II
i can speak three languages.
i have not gone home in over two years.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i'm currently traveling in japan.
dialogue
greetings from tokyo ! another day , another city !
hey how is it going i am in cali , why you there
my job . programming brings me to strange new places .
that's cool i work from home so here with my 10 cats mostly
i haven't seen my real home in two years . what do you do ?
i write articles full time so on the computer alot
if you ever need a translator , i'm your guy ! , i can speak french , spanish , and japanese .
really nice ! i can use that haha , whats your fav food
sushi ! that is why i love being in japan !
great , my fav food is blue jello , i know its weird
why blue ? why not green ?
blue my fav color and seems it taste better like blueberry
persona
i sing in the shower.
i'm very shy.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i am content with my life.
persona II
i'm a widow.
my parents were divorced.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i ve broken my arm twice.
i'm a very social person.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm fine just got home from the park
that sounds lovely , do you go alone ?
no i took my dog benny with me
benny is a lovely name it was one of my brothers names . he has since passed .
i'm sorry for your loss this dog was my mothers she too passed
do you believe in heaven ? if so , i am sure my husband is playing cards with her .
aww yes i do he keeps me content with life
do you have any siblings ?
yes 3 but they live out of state . . you ?
there are 7 of us . 3 have passed .
wow , wish mine was bigger i would probably be less shy
possibly , i am a very sociable person .
i sing when i shower to calm my nerves and anxiety
i would love long hot showers , i've to go now . time for tea .
ok have a fun and blessed day
persona
my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970s.
i've been to canada two times my entire life.
my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
i've never been to the west coast of the united states.
persona II
i have a friend group , but i do not like any of them.
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
dialogue
hi ! it is nice to get to chat like this .
hi ! yes it is ! i love getting to talk to people .
i must admit , i've got friends , but i am not sure if i even like them .
oh , that is no good . my friends are all local , so i don't get much variety .
i am a busy cross country and basketball mom . do not meet many new people .
i meet people through my uncle and dads jobs . how many kids ?
two teenage boys . always an adventure !
i can imagine , my dad and uncles childhood stories were always interesting !
it can be fun , but sometimes i feel a bit lost .
because you are so busy or you do not have a support system ?
maybe both ? i never imagined my life being like this .
i imagine most people do not imagine their lives playing out the way they do .
yes , i feel removed from who i am . how about you ?
i feel pretty grounded . traveled twice , stayed local , no major changes in my life .
that sounds nice . it has been nice to chat with you .
you as well ! i hope you do not feel too adrift .
thank you . i hope i can find my way soon .
it might sound crazy but sometimes being lost is a better experience .
perhaps . until then , i'll be busy with the kids activities !
i am sure there's some sage advice about being busy being good , haha !
persona
my brother and i have bright red hair.
i love to sing in the shower.
i have found the cure for the common cold.
i'm plotting on taking over the world.
my nickname is bubblegum.
persona II
i live with my parents.
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i travel often.
i have an iphone.
dialogue
hey , hows it going ? whats up ?
hey ! its going good . nothing much plotting to take over the world lol you ?
haha just plotting my next adventure .
awesome ! what type of adventures are you into ?
any adventure that takes me away from my parents house . i live for traveling .
i totally understand , i am the same way .
oh nice ? been anywhere good lately ?
no , but found the cure for the common cold
well that is pretty impressive . more than i have ever done .
ll , came up with it while singing in the shower
oh a musician too , huh ?
yees , i was told it was because i have bright red hair lol
persona
my favorite place is the mountains.
i've 2 kids.
i am a doctor.
my wife is a nurse.
persona II
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i like to read.
i don t own a television.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i can t stand pizza.
dialogue
hi i'm pretty sad tonight as my girlfriend left me again .
oh i'm sorry to hear that hope you feel better .
thanks , i spend my time working as an art teacher what about you ?
i have to raise two bad children .
that must be hard i cope by reading and don't have a tv
yes i've a t . v i'll try reading sometimes .
that is nice the only thing i cannot eat is pizza how about you ?
i am getting education to become a doctor . i can eat pizza .
good you are going to school i wish you all the success in the world .
thank you so much i like sitting in the mountains .
me too it is nice to be outside do you study hard ?
cool thank you so much . it is hard .
keep on working you can do it .
my wife went to be a nurse . that's good .
persona
i just bought a new mansion.
i am a rapper.
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i drive a ferrari.
persona II
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to swim in the lake.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i like to paddle board.
dialogue
are you a male or female ?
i'm female . how about you
i am a male . i like cabins in the woods .
cabins are nice but i prefer mansions .
i can tell because otherwise we would have never been chatting .
i love the thrill of speed . i drive purple ferrari
i like to paddle and then swim in the lake .
very nice but i rather be rapping
i paddle rappers for being bad .
guess what ? i'm on tour with frank ocean
i don't believe you .
i'm sorry that you don't believe me
i have been to all states except alaska .
that's amazing . i'm going to drive my ferrari across country one day
do you want to come with me to my cabin ?
sure . when shall i come . it will have to be after i am done tour
persona
i love to read.
i started a small blog lately to post reviews.
i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.
i've none to share my thoughts about the books i read.
persona II
once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.
i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
i work as a freelance accountant.
i freeze up in social situations.
sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.
dialogue
what did you do today ?
read read read . and you
i am trying to resist the urge to completely clean my room and rearrange it
you should be tired . i am very exiting , i just started a blog .
what is your blog about ? i need to be up early tomorrow unfortunately
post reviews and i catch some good blogs .
cool . i do not have time for that . i do freelance accounting
i know some publishers i want to publish my book .
what are you writing about ?
fantastic . what kind of books , do you like ?
i love fantasies the most
i pleased . i hole that one day may be you'll read my books .
i would be scared to meet you though . but i will read your books
why do you scared to meet with me ? may be you will be happy ?
persona
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
i'm a big sports fan.
i am looking to start a business.
i like to get involved in politics.
i've a brand new chevrolet.
persona II
i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.
i enjoy watching videos on youtube.
i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.
i enjoy eating pumpkins.
i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.
dialogue
wow , i love my new tv set . i can watch my youtube videos on it .
that sounds nice . do you so with family and friends ?
naw , just droopy , my small little beagle .
i enjoy watching clips with family and friends all the time .
do you have a big family ?
yea , big family and big sports fans .
dang it . i just spilled my bbq sauce on the floor . no shrimp sauce now .
hopefully i don't spill anything in my brand new chevy .
wow , a new truck or car ? what color ?
new truck , a silver silverado
hey you want to take me out to gather pumpkins in it . i love pumpkins .
oh that is a good idea for a new business . i want to start one .
hauling stuff for people ? would you like that ?
ha , no . a pumpkin farm stand .
persona
i m afraid of clowns.
i've four cats.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i m a vegetarian.
i take the subway to work everyday.
persona II
i am a father.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i work many hours.
i m from texas.
i like basketball.
dialogue
hey . what is up ? i'm a texan . dang it bobby
hello . i'm from way up north , i visit my family in canada sometimes .
oh nice . i am a dad with a kid there . we love to watch basketball
i do not have any kids , but i do have four tabby cats d
i work too much for cats but i do love them !
they're the lazy little masters of the human race
they really are . i do have one day off soon though . to see imagine dragons !
that sounds great ! i wish i had off to not need to ride the subway
you too claustrophobic for the subway ?
nah , just need to ride it every day to get to work
i drive to work . no public transportation at my hours
what do you do for work ? traffic is too bad to drive here .
i am an emergency plumber . hence my business and weird times . what about you ?
i work at an office in the city . plumbing seems interesting at least
yeah i've seen it all . people do weird things with their toilets
what is the weirdest thing you have seen ?
persona
i'm proposing tonight.
i graduated college last week.
my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.
i got a job as a coach at a local highschool.
persona II
i started learning japanese at college.
i hope to save enough money for it.
our class is planning a trip to japan.
i am tired of having to read subtitles.
i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
dialogue
hi friend , have you been watching any good anime lately ?
no i just graduated college , to busy working .
i am currently saving money to finish my courses in japanese . what do you do now ?
i currently work at a local highschool coaching basketball .
that must be a lot of fun . have you ever traveled ? i am hoping to go to japan
i have in past , but my gf has baby on way .
they say once you have a baby you start watching tv with subtitles to not wake them .
lol true i am nervous gonna propose tonight
well you have my support ! i personally hate subtitles , which is why i am learning japanese .
that's good i love subtitles
ahahah but that's enough about me . how are you going to propose ?
i am going to propose at her college graduation .
awesome ! remember how lucky you are to be in love and not watching anime by yourself .
i agree lol , tell me more about you .
persona
i like fruit.
my favorite fruit is apple.
i like to eat the skin of the apple.
i like green apples.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
i really enjoy hiking.
i'm deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
dialogue
good morning ! how are you ?
i am good , it is almost lunch time here .
here too , but i don't have lunch usually . just tea
okay , i like to eat apples or just about any kind of fruit for lunch .
yummy ! sounds nice light . i'm trying to lose weight you too ?
i like to eat fruit with caramel sauce , especially in the fall .
oh fall is my favorite time to hike . all the pretty colors . . . those reds ! !
yes i like fall especially halloween , it goes back to my irish roots .
really ? ? i never knew halloween was from ireland . so cool !
yes , american culture just changed it . where are you from ?
i am from texas , but i have irish roots too . where are you from ?
i am your neighbor , lol . louisiana .
hey neighbor ! ! d are you guys doing ok with the hurricane season ?
yes i live closer to arkansas , i used to live in new orleans .
persona
i drive a red car.
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i enjoy running.
i've 2 dogs.
persona II
i have brown hair.
i write.
i like sleeping.
i work at mcdonalds.
dialogue
my name is jerome and i have brownish color hair .
hi jerome , i'm liza . do you have pets ?
i've a big yellow cat and i like to sleep in on sundays .
nice . i've a piebald cat and 3 dogs . why sundays
only day off i am employed at mcdonalds .
ohh . that must suck . i go running on sundays
sometimes i make up stories about animals .
really ? that sounds entertaining . i'd love to hear one
writing stories is fun when i'm not working .
what animals do you use in your stories ?
sleeping writing and working that is all i get done
that doesn't sound all that bad though .
persona
my only friend is a dog.
i'm a carnivore.
i am highly educated.
i work at a newspaper.
persona II
i love the beach.
i work 2 jobs.
my favorite color is blue.
i'm married.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
i'm doing very well , thank you . getting ready to walk the dog .
sounds like a fun day , beach or park ?
the woods behind our house , i am doing a story on the trees .
oh , nice . i d rather do the beaches than the woods but still cool .
beaches are excellent , we will be going there at the end of the month .
very awesome . my wife and i try to go walking on the beach once a week .
i'm going to grill steaks tonight , what are you having for dinner ?
well . i m having my dinner now . which is a shrimp salad . 2 jobs
that sounds wonderful , the shrimp . i do not eat salads .
they re good for you , take it from a rn .
i take supplements , lol . i do like ice cream .
lol . trust blue . supplements work ok but salads work better . dairy helps no one .
i prefer meat , lol . what do you do for fun ?
persona
i do community theater when i am not in school.
both of my parents are doctors.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i really wanted to be an actor.
i am in medical school.
persona II
i have 3 dog.
my husband is a lawyer.
i love flowers.
i've 2 kids.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
i am good , just got in an argument with my friend . you ?
ll . my husband is a professional arguer , or lawyer . i'm doing good .
i don't want to argue . she doesn't think i'm her kind of guy . hurts .
oh , i am sorry . that's never fun . maybe she isn't the right type of friend .
i need to move on and focus on med school so my doctor parents chill
do you want to be a doctor ? i am letting my 2 kids be what they want .
i want to be an actor , but i am studying to be a doctor .
take your mom some flowers , and respectfully sit down and tell them what you want .
they know . they refuse to come see me in plays in community theater .
i'm sorry . i'm sure they will come around some day . maybe you need a dog .
hey , that's life . what about you , what do you do ?
persona
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.
i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
persona II
i like to travel.
i have traveled to both ireland and australia.
my father was born in australia.
my father was an author.
dialogue
hello there , how are you doing ?
i'm good . tired from snorkeling and running around with my komodo lizards .
wow , you have been busy . do you travel much to different places to snorkel ?
yes , but only to private islands . . . and only to islands where i can eat fresh mangoes .
oh , i was going to suggest australia . it has lovely reefs .
i will add that to my ipad notes .
i love traveling myself . seen any great places lately ?
i was in ecuador last month . surprisingly , gary human was live on a beach .
that's a surprise ! you like human then ?
me . . . . only occasionally . . . . when the mood strikes .
one one real hit here in the united states . i prefer irish music myself .
i've not listened to irish music . does ireland have good snorkeling ?
well , the water can be pretty cold . i would suggest a wet suit !
ok . . i will note that in my ipad as well !
persona
my family is from algeria.
i'm a barista.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
persona II
i've three daughters.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
how are you i'm awesome today
i'm great , thanks ! checking email , looking at vacation ideas for my family .
like music ? i love jazz
i love music ! i enjoy all different types . what do you do for work ?
i play in a band the piano i like to go hiking
a band ? cool ! i am a police officer . i like to hike too , and love scuba diving .
that's nice do you like to hike ?
i do , definitely . my whole family enjoys hiking , especially my daughters .
that's nice how old are the kids ?
the oldest is 13 , and i have 9 year old twins .
cool , i want kids mine are in algeria
oh wow ! are you from algeria ? i was born in kansas but live outside detroit .
yes i'm i want to go home
i bet , i'd too i'd miss my family .
yes i'll be home for holidays
persona
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i often help her sort books in the library.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
my mother is a librarian.
persona II
my hobby is sewing.
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
i like to go swimming.
i like to make fresh pies.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ? got any hobbies ?
yes , i enjoy reading novels and poetry books
i personally like sewing and swimming . how about a job ?
i get paid to help my mother arrange books at the library
does your mother cook much ?
no , we mostly eat at restaurants
you should ask her to teach you a few things . cooking desserts can be fun !
well , cake and all that other stuff is fattening , so we don't eat desserts
i personally like pies , so at least they have some fruit .
i will simply eat the fruit by itself and leave the breaded part alone
hmm , that would be less fattening . i guess that is pretty smart .
of course it is , just try fruit salads instead or smoothies
they sell each of those prepackaged at the grocery store , so maybe i'll .
they do , but i personally feel it tastes much better when i make it myself
well then you are already halfway to cooking in that case !
i am literally dying right now , you are so funny , i guess i will be frying apples
persona
i clean houses for extra money.
i like to build furniture.
i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.
i've bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
my father is a retired police officer.
persona II
i only wear tennis shoes.
my favorite author is jane austen.
i eat a lot of fish.
i own a boat.
i live near the ocean.
dialogue
ahoy sailor . how are you ?
top of the morning to yah . i'm just grand .
that's great . i'm on my boat so forgive my bad wifi .
that's actually awesome . what type of boat are you on ?
a cabin cruiser , 24 foot . you sail ? i live right on the beach .
no , i don't sail but i love the water . i jet ski sometimes .
very nice . i love the water , and seafood too . what do you eat ?
just about everything . ribs are my favorite food . what is your favorite sport .
tennis , i wear the shoes for it . i also read books . do you have hobbies ?
i like bowling . i have bowled two 300 games before . and , i build furniture .
i want a new bookcase for all my jane austen books . they're my favorite .
was she the author of pride and prejudice ?
she was , and many other books . are you educated ?
yes i am . i studied global affairs in school .
persona
i'm a graduate student.
i am in between classes.
i'm always early.
although i'm studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
persona II
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i've a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i collect little figurines.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for work
i am a full time student
very cool i'm a grad student
what are you going to school for ?
i want to be a doctor you see
do you think animals like you ?
yeah i really think they do
what city are you from ?
i'm between classes now in a rush
do you have any hobbies ?
not really how about you
i like movies and music alot
persona
i am a classicly trained chef.
i've a parrot named parrot.
i was born in baton rouge.
my mother doesn t ! ove me.
persona II
i have an iq of 250.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
i wish i had money to travel.
my parents died in a plane crash.
dialogue
hello , what are you doing ? my parents are dead .
it is okay . my mom doesn't even love me
oh okay ! you know your iq ? mine is 250 and i sing .
wow ! you are an absolute genius . mine is 145 .
thanks . i make matchbook houses . what did you do to your mother ?
that is pretty cool . i think it is because i left her home at baton rouge
hmmm . i'd travel more if i had the money . you travel or sing ?
no i don't do either but i do cook
any specialties ? my parents died in baton rouge .
i love to cook vegan cuisine . i'm sorry to hear about that !
get out ! i'm vegan too ! you like match houses ?
awesome ! ! do you have any pets ? and match houses are too cool
no pets but i've little brother . same thing . you travel anywhere ?
i've a parrot whose name is parrot . i don't travel though
oh okay . my parrot died in a plane crash with my parents . married ?
that is a strange place for a parrot ! i am single . what about you ?
persona
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
i have horrible allergies.
i still love my cat despite all this.
persona II
i have long curly hair.
my favorite food is raw onion.
i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.
i sew my own clothes.
dialogue
hey this is joanne ! how are you today ?
i am ok my allergies are killing me though
bummer ! i am in my garden all time , thankful i've no allergies
lucky you . . how are you doing today ?
i'm good . i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress . ca not complain !
that is awesome so do you have animals
no animals , unless you count the bunnies i see in my garden ! lol , you ?
yes i've a cat she's so cute
www , whats the kitty name ?
goody and she hangs out the whole hour i get ready
goody , that's cute ! so do you have any special talents ?
yes turning my skin red from scrubbing so hard in the shower lol
persona
i enjoy playing video games.
i've a crummy job at scrubway.
i'm in college.
i enjoy listening to country music.
i live life to its fullest.
persona II
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i chew my nails.
dialogue
hello hows your day going so far ?
good ! how about your self ?
its going pretty good i'm on my way to kayak this weekend
that sounds fun ! do you do that with friends ?
yes i make friends fast
that is great . what do you do for a living ?
i'm studying to become a special education teacher
good for you ! i just sit around and play video games
that's fun , i was a navy brat i attended 16 schools in 12 years
that sounds like an adventure . any cool stories ?
not really just a lot of moving around
that is cool . i study music when i have time
wow i love music that sounds great
ya life is lived to the fullest by me
persona
i have a family of three daughters.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
my daughters say i am a great mother.
i'm a woman.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
persona II
i live in pittsburgh.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i love going to concerts.
i'm a librarian.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
ok . i have to cook this big meal for my three daughters .
sounds like a big task ! what do you like to do for fun ?
research my history . mom came from saudi arabia .
oh wow , that is interesting ! i'm a librarian , perhaps i could help !
oh . i'm proud of being a woman and my heritage .
that is great ! what kind of food are you cooking today ?
i think i'm in the mood for a la carte ice cream and a soft .
oh , that sounds good . my favorite is italian food , do you ever cook that ?
every lunch time every day if that is enough .
oh wow , that is a lot !
yes but my daughters think i am a wonderful mother . must be the food . lol
persona
one child has autism.
i have two dogs who are like my babies.
i work as a teacher and love my job.
i've two children.
persona II
i have a job as an it agent.
i like smoking weed.
i love rap music.
i am a meataholic.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hello , i am doing very well now that it is lunch time for the students .
are you a school teacher
i'm , and i go home to two more , and several fur kids .
awww that is cute do you like music
i do . mainly metal and classical . what do you listen to ?
i like rap when i am smoking weed
i think that would help my autistic son , but medical marijuana is not legal here .
that is too bad it helps me relax after my boring job
we have tried everything for him , i know it has helped a lot of people .
yeah i bet it would be beneficial
what do you do for a living ?
i work as an it tech
my oldest son wants to go into it
persona
i am currently on a diet.
i love going to the gym.
i've three pets.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i would like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
persona II
i've an older brother.
i work in a bookstore.
i dyed my hair pink.
i live in the city.
i love my girlfriend.
dialogue
hello . how are you . i'm working at a
hi , i'm doing ok ? what are you working on ?
a bookstore . i've pink hair so they allow it
wow , is your favorite color pink ?
no it was a dare by my girlfriend . i just love her
oh i see , do you have any hobbies ?
i play disc golf with an older brother . you .
i like working out and helping animals
awe . i live in a city that encourages that
yea , animals are basically my lif
that's awesome . do you play sports ?
i used to , but now i mostly just go to the gym and work out
i enjoy hit , cross fit and core training . travel ?
not really , i'm trying to save up to go to vet school
i see . i want to own a bookstore music venue with my older brother .
that sounds like fun . you should add a little coffee shop too !
persona
i'm a free spirit.
i'm all about family and fun.
the idea of working isn't my cup of tea.
my parents were like this as well.
i like to live off of the land.
persona II
i'm a waitress at a popular houston club.
i'm hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
i like jogging in my spare time.
i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.
dialogue
hello , how is your day going ?
good so far it was rainy all day
i wish for some rain in houston here
i know you had lots of rain not that long ago
yes , it was devastating , but we are trying to get on our feet soon
i bet . being a free spirit i really try to live off the land
very soon though , i hope to get reunite with my boyfriend in australia
australia is a lovely place so i've heard
it is except for those nasty spider . what is your hobby ?
basically finding ways to live off the land working is not fun
i can relate , jogging is the one thing that help me
i guess i get it honestly my parents taught me to do this
i also am very close to my family , especially my sister
i love family as well and love to have fun
do you do any special volunteering ?
no i don't do you ?
persona
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
lately i've been learning how to garden.
i am a musician with a day job.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
persona II
i love country music.
i drive a big truck.
i like football on tv.
i'm a meat eater.
i like to go hunting.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am fantastic how was your day
its good thanks for asking
do you like to garden at all ?
not really , i like to hunting
i have never been hunting myself
have you ever used a gun ?
yes i have on the gun range but i like gardening more
do you watch any sports ?
no i play the violin you ?
no i don't play anything
my day job is being a musician lol
what do you do for a living ?
musician and i'm an accountant you ? ?
i'm a contractor for a construction company
that's nice do you have any pets ?
persona
i am an old soul.
i am passionate about a lot of things.
i just want my voice to be heard.
i tend to work myself up.
my back hurts chronically.
persona II
i've appeared on the show jeopardy.
i once lived in a storage locker for two months.
i like to refurbish classic cars.
i make pottery.
dialogue
hello , do you like coffee mugs ? i make a lot of them with pottery
i love coffee mugs ! i am an old soul and like that stuff .
so you would say you like refurbished classic cars ?
oh yes , i'm passionate about a lot of things .
tell me your passions would you ?
i like to tell stories . i just want to be heard . have a voice .
ahh yes . . voices , i hear them often . do tell me more ?
well , i've chronic back problem , unfortunately .
oh no , i once had a back problem . after i won on the show jeopardy
oh wow ! i would love to be on a game show !
which ? it was fun , alex has a lovely mustache
i have a crush on pat seajack . he gets me worked up ;
hey you and me both sister brother . tell me more about the seajack
i like the way he says the word vowel .
how about that vanna ? what couple of great hosts
yes , i think she's an old soul like me .
persona
i like video games.
i have blonde hair.
my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
i love ballet.
my favorite color is purple.
persona II
i'm a talented singer and have won several competitions.
i'm a painter and love to create art.
i'm an aspiring writer.
i have a set of identical twin brothers.
dialogue
hey ! how are you doing today ?
a little sore from ballet practice . cooperating with yummy mac n cheese though ! ! !
yum ! i just came back from a writing class .
uhhhhg . i would not have the attention span for that . i'm more into video games .
i play video games too but like to write and paint to destress .
i de stress by painting my nails and coloring my hair ! got purple and platinum respectively ! ! !
i do not normally have time to treat myself these days .
well you should ! and you should start with a big heaping bowl of mac n cheeeeeese !
well i do , but only when i have a singing competition .
painter , writer , now singer too ? pretty high brow for this trailerpark girl !
i love the arts , but there's no money in it . i live with my two brothers .
dreadful ! i live alone and love it . never have to share the video games .
i only started playing because my brothers are obsessed . we just got destiny 2 .
lock em out ! then make the mac . add sausage ! and destiny solo ! ! !
persona
i like to sing broadway show tunes.
i'm a student at michigan state university.
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
i work at a coffee house.
i have a cat named seven of nine.
persona II
i like early 2000s indie music.
my temper is pretty short.
i'd like to be a teacher in the future.
i'm picky when it comes to food.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
doing pretty good . what about yourself ?
i'm doing well do you like music ?
yep , my fave show is actually dancing with the stars !
nice . i like indie rock do they dance o that
not really . mostly classical stuff .
that's alright . where do you work ?
there's a coffee shop near campus that i'm at .
very nice . i want to be a teacher but i've short temper
probably not the best thing for a teacher i guess
do not judge me . you do not know me .
take it easy buddy . just saying
i am not your buddy , pal
i am not your pay , buddy .
persona
i just want my voice to be heard.
my back hurts chronically.
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
i am an old soul.
i tend to work myself up.
persona II
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
i've sandy brown hair and green eyes.
i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
dialogue
hi , i'm a fish person tuna is my favorite , gummy worms too
just talking to you is making my back hurt . it hurts all the time .
sorry to heard that , read some science fictions the adventures type may help you relax
despite my passion for all things , my soul is very old .
if you try gummy worms , your will be younger
you should type faster because i really like it when i am heard .
ok , i'll , i want you to know i like two steps
do you work yourself up ? i do it all the time .
nah , i jump up . i've green eyes and brown hair the sandy type .
i am much older than you and you must listen to what i say .
sure just don't order me around
my back hurts so much , i feel like you don't understand .
like i said , if you read some sci fi space novels that will hel
i'm getting worked up . you should type faster young lad or lass .
you must read it with passion !
my soul is ancient , just like the trees .
persona
i recently bought a camper.
i'm former military.
i exercise 4 times a week.
i drive a truck for a living.
persona II
i sell cosmetics in my spare time.
i'm a special ed teacher.
i love rage metal music.
i've two sons that i am raising by myself.
dialogue
hi , i'm sandy , and i work as a special ed teach
i'm roger , former military . do you travel much ?
nah , i have two kids to raise , and i work at the mall selling cosmetics part time
fair enough , i enjoy camping personally , great way to spend some family time
that is awesome ! ! i miss doing things without the kids . . . i listen to rage mental .
very unique music taste you have ! i listen to more rock when i drive my truck
yeah , it is and it helps me get the stress out
exercise helps me with stress , have you tried going for a run ?
yeah that too . some days i get lazy and don't do them .
i usually end up going at least 4 times
. that's a good thing to od .
i like to try and stay in shape as much as i can
that's good . being physically fit is healthy to the mind too .
so how many kids have you got sandy ?
2 kids sons and they can be handful and raising them myself .
good on you , hold old are they ?
persona
i like the taste of cheese.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
i'm younger then 46.
persona II
i'm a writer.
i've a dog.
i like rock climbing.
i am gluten free.
my hair is black.
dialogue
hello . how what are you up to today ?
same as everyday , just sitting at home listening to backstreet boys . you ?
love the band . i'm going rock climbing with my dog
i wish i could do that . its hard when you are as medicated as i'm .
oh i hope you are well and not too i will
i am used to it . been taking 4 pills a day since i was a kid .
what kind of hobbies do you like to do ?
i don't have a lot of hobbies besides music and cheese tasting .
i love cheese and bread but have to stick gluten free
is that hard ? does cheese have gluten ?
no its just some component in some bread products . i can manage
how does your dog go rock climbing ?
he watches me try not to break my necklace and barks
by the time i am 46 i would like to go rock climbing .
i hope you can i know some easy places
thanks i'll look into it .
persona
my wife has terminal cancer.
i have 3 children.
i am a business man.
i love to sing.
i am a karate black belt.
persona II
i like to exercise.
i have a boxer dog.
i like baths.
i like to listen to music.
my father lives in china.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i'm doing great . what are you up to ?
not much , had the day off so i spent it with my boxer , brutus
that's cool . my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer
i'm so sorry to hear that , cancer is rough
yes it is . i also have three children
i've no family except my father , but he lives in china .
wow . does he know martial arts ?
that would be cool but no , he is in business
i am a black belt in karate btw .
i think i would be good at karate because i like exercise
it is very fun , but today i ditched d
why would you ditch ? to busy ?
yea , and i was not feeling it today .
persona
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy visiting national parks.
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
i enjoy running.
persona II
i like to make bagels.
i used to be a nurse.
i like to paint outdoors.
i like to arm wrestle.
i am a cartographer.
dialogue
hey . sorry for taking so long . how are you ?
i'm good how are you ? what do you like to do ?
i like arm wrestling . i've plans to go pro . what about yourself ?
wow that's awesome . i like to game and run
i love maps . i want to work as a geologist . what kind of games ?
action games ! do you know much about national parks then ?
i live close to the national seashore park . i love first person shooters .
i love visiting national parks i haven't been to that one yet though .
so do you work ? i am looking for a better job .
i work at an office job .
i went to nursing school but it got old . i am going pro with this arm wrestling stuff
i hope you are successful with that .
i want to be the very best . like no one ever was .
that would be so cool ! ! a lot more fun than an office job
persona
i used to own a casino.
i've been bankrupt and back.
i'm the president.
i've lots of cash.
i used to own several casinos.
persona II
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i drive a prius.
i cannot get enough ginger snaps.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
dialogue
how about that eclipse ? did you see it ?
yeah it was great i saw it at the white house
hey , can you get me a lunch date with jared kushner ?
no he is married to my daughter i'll tell him you like him tho
so are you nutz or what . . . looking at the eclipse without special glasses ?
i had glasses me and my wife did
i think you need to drive a more fuel efficient car ; mines a prius .
i ride in whatever secret service wants me to ride in . it feels great
you can stop spending so much time golfing and more time working .
i do not golf as much and have been there when things happen that need me
i have looked into the mouth of a volcano without flinching .
what do you do for a living
i write travel guids for lonely planet .
that sounds interesting and fun
persona
i love to chat with my friends.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i love kids and dogs.
i like to cook.
i am a foodie.
persona II
i'm vegan.
my favorite band is muse.
i work at walmart as a stocker.
my father is a mechanic.
dialogue
good evening ! just got home from work . how are you ?
i'm doing great , just ate some lunch . i'm a foodie .
lunch ? what time is it where you are ?
it is 3 46 , i've a late schedule . what time is it there ?
i'm 3 hours ahead of you . just getting ready to make me some supper .
oh , that sounds interesting . do you have any pets , or kids ?
no pets and no kids . yet , anyways . do you ?
i do , i've 2 daughters toddlers , and 3 dogs .
wonderful ! are they twins ? or just in the toddler range ?
they are twins , its a difficult time , but i love taking them shopping .
too cute ! maybe i can settle down after i get out of my walmart job .
oh , i heard walmart has the whole super center shopping option now . i love it because ; food !
haha ! do you have any hobbies ?
cooking is one of my biggest hobbies . how about you ?
i'm a vegan so i do not cook a whole lot . usually raw veggies .
i would love to taste some vegan food some day , do you have vegan friends ?
persona
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i speak six languages.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i once started a forest fire in california.
persona II
i draw comics.
i love anime.
i visit comic con.
i love role play.
i read a lot.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
doing fine , doing fine . what time is it there ?
just after 9am here . how about you ?
super early , i'm out in hawaii .
nice ! i am in texas . so you are a few hours behind , huh ?
yeah , quite a few . hows the weather there ?
hot . its in the 90s .
holy cow . its been raining a lot here .
i am jealous . we have hardly had any rain
what part of texas are you in ? west ?
nope , north texas . by dallas
ah , i haven't been out there since 2007 .
persona
i'm terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
at all times , i am wearing something black.
persona II
i like watching tv and movies.
my favorite type of music is metal.
i work in commercials.
my dad died when i was in high school.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
ll , in recovery i just got spooked by a black widow that was nesting in my shoe
what do you do for a living ?
i am a computer technician , though to be honest , its nothing special
do you have any hobbies ?
yeah , i like to go rock climbing and bike riding . and carping .
i'm more indoors type person
well its how we met . wink
you and your spouse ? u mean ?
no , you and me silly p
oh i didn't know you were talking about me
its so late here . . . i just sat down with a nice hot chai tea . so delicious .
what city are you from ?
ugh ! cleveland . . . so gloomy and grey here . . . talk to me about something fun . what do you do ?
persona
i like cosplay.
i love watching tv and movies.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i work from home.
persona II
i like to eat cheetos.
i hate mexican food.
i like to ski.
my wife doesn t like me anymore.
dialogue
hi , i am eating my beloved cheetos
nice , i went to the renaissance fair today and did cosplay
oh cool ! i do not like mexican food
too bad . i will eat mexican freezer meals while i am at home working
i love to ski all day and night
i watch a lot of game of thrones . it is my favorite tv show , ever !
my wife really hates me
that's too bad . you should watch more tv and movies . i love it
ok , thanks i will do it
or you can dress up in cosplay . maybe she will like that ?
maybe , maybe she will , maybe she won't
take her out to the renaissance fair
ok , i will do that
it is worth a try
i guess you are right
maybe watch some comedy tv shows
persona
i am tall and blonde.
i work as an interior designer.
i am chubby.
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
persona II
i m often late for class.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i want a porsche.
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am good how are you tonight ?
i'm good do you work
i do i'm an interior designer . . . what about you ?
i go to class at the moment
oh that's good . . . what are you studying ?
i want to be a chef
nice . . . . i love food all kinds . . what do you like to cook
i can make pastries mostly
those are always good . . . . so are you going to specialize in pastries
yeah but they have to be short tables
why would you need short tables ?
because i am not tall and can not reach
oh i've the same problems but it is because i am so tall
persona
my mother is a retired teacher.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i'm from texas.
i love to ride horses.
i love to bake.
persona II
i'm an artist.
i've four children.
i enjoy walking for exercise.
i love watching game of thrones.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm doing well . where are you from ?
i'm from toronto canada
i live in texas , what kind of stuff do you do in toronto ?
i like to run and watch tv with the kids
fun , how many kids do you have . i like baking with mine and go horseback riding
i have four of them
i have six . ages 4 15 . how old are yours
mine are all under two
that must be a real handful !
sometimes but they are very fun
i bet , do you have much help ? my mom is a retired teacher so she's great .
i've my husband . he's great .
how long have you been married ?
persona
i like to invest in the stock market.
i love soccer.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i want to move to london when i get older.
i have 3 brothers.
persona II
i like to travel.
i love the outdoors.
i like to garden.
i like to build things.
i am tall.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i'm alright just loving soccer .
oh , do you play soccer ?
yes , i also put my money in the stock market , do you buy stocks ?
no , i spend most of my time outdoors
my brothers love being outdoors , all thre of them .
i've no siblings . i spend most of my time gardening , sometimes i build yard decor too
i would like some decor when i move to london .
when are you moving across the pond ?
when i retire from accounting at nike . i
oh that sounds exciting ! i love to travel , it is one of my hobbies
you should visit one day .
it is on my bucket list , maybe we can meet up for lunch when i go
sure , i can do some accounting for you .
persona
i've 3 children.
i have a law degree.
i drive an suv.
i've 3 dogs.
persona II
i've a dog and we go for walks.
i help my neighbor.
i live in a city.
i like to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
great ! dealing with my 3 dogs and toddlers !
wow , a busy day ! i just have one dog and he can be a handful .
i am a lawyer , thank god i can afford help with the triplets .
thank god indeed ! i like taking my dog on walks . you too ?
i just take them to the doggy park in my big suv .
with that group , you need an suv ! i'm in a city so mostly walk .
i'm so stressed out ! you too ?
i try not to be . lots of fruit and veggies help . how do you destress ?
i don't ! how can you with such a big family ? ll
you got me there . no time to volunteer or sleep or cook either probably !
and i have a very busy office too .
persona
i am single.
i enjoy reading.
i work at a doctors office.
my favorite flower is a lily.
i love dogs.
persona II
i live in a house in the country.
i've a horse named beauty.
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
my father is a preacher.
i am pregnant with my first child.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today
i am well an single lol you ?
i'm married to an army man .
cool ! i work in a boring doctors office reading all day
that's upsetting but at least you can read at work .
i wish someone deliver me lilies i love them .
do you have any pets
you know how to read ? i've a love for dogs
yeah i read a lot
you like pets also ? cool i love doggies
i have a house on a farm i have many .
i wish i could get me an bella lillies
what do you like to do for fun
i bet you do an flowers too huh
persona
my major is business.
i like to party.
i'm in college.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
persona II
i study philosophy at mass.
i've a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
my eyes are brown.
i love going to concerts.
dialogue
hello can you tell me a bit about yourself ?
i m a college student studying business and work at a pizza place part time
fun ! whats your favorite type of pizza or are you totally sick of it ?
i love pepperoni pizza ! do you have a job ?
i am in school studying philosophy .
cool . do you go to many parties at your school ?
a few . i like to go to concerts with my friends .
nice . what type of music do you like ?
i love alternative like the head and the heart . saw them a while ago .
that must ve been fun ! do you have any jobs outside of being a student ?
nope , just going to school full time right now . gotta finish this degree !
yeah i can t wait to graduate ! i want to own my own business someday
when will you graduate ? what are you studying ?
i m a business major . i ll graduate within two years hopefully
persona
i am constantly drinking.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
if i m not drinking , i m thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i am a registered nurse.
i've two smartphones.
i enjoy reading.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
how are you doing today
doing alright just reading what your plans for day
cooking and spending time with my family
sounds fun all these phones going off it hard to be a nurse
i wanted to be a nurse
go be one . just reading cooking books vegan is way to go
got ya my sister is going to school to be a nurse
well let me finish this book and i'll get back at you
ok then you have fun with that book
well nursing stresses you out so i wish luck with sister
i bet you it does
well hope you the best and get a book read learn each day
thank you and yeah she told me it is stressful
persona
my mother works at a bank.
i speak fluent french.
i ve never met my father.
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
persona II
i like to work puzzles.
i'm a teacher.
i love country music.
my dad worked for home depot.
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
dialogue
good morning how are you ? so happy its still the weekend
i'm good and yes but monday will be here quick .
i teach so i'm looking forward to seeing my kids , do you work ?
i don't work but i'm in school . my mom works at a bank though .
that is cool , my dad used to work for home depot .
that is cool . i never met my father , he left when i was a baby .
i am sorry to hear that , maybe i can write a story about you
do you write books ?
yes i want to be a famous fiction writer , do you have any hobbies ?
i like to learn new languages . right now i speak english and french , looking to expand that .
wow , you are interesting . do you listen to french music ? i like country music
no , not really . i like country too though . any favorite foods ?
no i like everything lol , you ?
absolute favorite is mushroom ravioli but you have to love mushrooms to like it .
oh yea , do you like puzzles ? i enjoy them
oh yes , love a good puzzle . i spend my weekends working on them sometimes .
persona
i like to work on cars.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
i work in marketing for a large company.
persona II
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
dialogue
i am a ferrari driving rapper and you ?
cool . i love working on cars !
i am currently touring with frank ocean .
the blues singer ? i prefer classic rock .
i bought a mansion . it is new and the biggest in japan .
you must be rich . i work for a large firm . marketing .
and where do you live ?
boston . i love hanging out in the commons and playing card games .
i have always wanted to visit boston .
you should come . bean town is the best .
i have never heard of that .
that's what the locals call boston .
that must be why i did not know !
no worries ! where are you from ?
i am from oklahoma city .
oh . never been there before . what is it like ?
persona
i get good grades in school.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i like field hockey and soccer.
i love animals , especially dogs.
persona II
my landlord is raising my rent.
i'm an excellent baker.
i went to law school.
i was born on christmas day.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
i am good how are you tonight
i'm fantastic , i just finished baking this awesome cake .
yummy lol ! i could use a snack ! i'm studying hard for school
oh man , what are you going for ?
i am going for vet degree
oh , nice . i graduated from law school about ten years ago .
nice , i commend you on your perseverance
money makes the world go round , am i right ?
greed is good and money greases the tracks lol
especially when you have a greedy landlord raising the rent omao
oh yikes , slum lord needs rent control lol
for sure , i'm looking for a new place
hoping you find a nice reasonably priced place
persona
i am a 43 year old woman.
i love to travel.
i've two full sleeves of tattoos.
i work as a freight truck driver.
persona II
i have a golden retriever puppy.
i whine a lot.
i hate paying my bills.
i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
dialogue
paying my bills is so hard . i hate it so much .
same here . i am 43 and going through the change .
i just want a job . i sit on my butt on my couch .
i drive a freight liner for a living .
i would do anything but it is so unfair how i have no job .
i am sorry to hear that . i travel as much as i can .
i wish i could do that too . maybe some day .
do you have any tattoos ? i've two complete sleeves .
i think they will hurt .
well they do but that's part of the experience .
i hate any kind of pain .
i am no fan of it , but i deal with it because i love the result .
i only have my ears pierced .
i have a lot of piercings as well .
how many do you have ?
i believe seventeen at last count .
that is crazy to me .
i just love the way they look .
do you have your tongue done ?
i sure do . twice actually , side by side .
i'm amazed at this , haha .
a lot of people are actually .
i can see why that would be .
you should try it . hurts less than you probably think .
i'd not want that done .
i can understand that . it is not for everyone .
persona
i am young.
i'm strong.
i am tall.
i never eat veggies.
i love to run fast.
persona II
my favorite author is jane austen.
i eat a lot of fish.
i live near the ocean.
i own a boat.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing tonight ?
i'm good . how are you ?
i am doing good just getting ready to read a good book
cool . i am about to go for a run .
night running is the best i live by the ocean and love it
yeah , its nice being a young adult and being able to stay up
that is a plus the fresh air makes you feel revived
yes it does , what kind of book are you reading ?
i really like an books by jane austen
i've read a few by her . what kinds of food do you like ?
i really love seafood especially fish
i'll eat that as long as there are no veggies !
i've a boat there's nothing better than fresh fish
i bet you go fishing a lot
i try to go as much as i can
cool , do you catch a lot ?
persona
i grew up on a large farm.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i just moved from va to pa.
i love reading.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
persona II
i read a lot.
i like to go to the park.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
i work at a museum.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
hello there . i'm doing ok here in pennsylvania , how about you ?
i am doing great just got back from the museum i work at .
how lovely ? what kind of museum do you work at ?
i work at holocaust history museums .
oh that sounds like a fascinating place to work at .
it is , i love it , and i also love reading about the holocaust .
reading is a passion of mine . i am retired , so i have a lot of downtime .
i am wheelchair bound so i am not very mobile .
that must be really difficult , especially since you are working .
it is but i do my best to make it work
that's great ! i feel that way with having fibromyalgia .
my friend has fibromyalgia , i'm sorry to hear .
thank you . mostly just the winters here are difficult for me to get through .
winter is hard for me too , the snow makes it hard to wheel .
oh makes sense ! do you get a lot of snow where you live ?
persona
i just bought a new house with my partner.
i am gay.
i live in portland , oregon.
i brew my own beer.
persona II
i'm a medical file clerk.
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i've a pencil thin mustache.
i am from baltimore md.
dialogue
hi there from the great baltimore , md
we moved there with my partner recently
cool ! i work as a medical file clerk , what about you ?
i make my beer , like own
i should come try it . my pencil thin mustache would also get a taste
come try it and you will like it
so what do you do ?
di do a lot of stuffs in my life
my mom does ballet and is in shows . you want to go watch some time ?
yeah sure that would be fun
what else do you like ?
spending time with my partner
oh that's nice . i have been trying to find someone who might be interested in my mustache
inam pretty sure there is a lot of them
let me know where they at in baltimore , haha
i might wanna see it too
persona
i enjoy going on hikes.
i was born under a blood moon.
i have never traveled out of the country.
i'm one of four children.
persona II
i am on a low carb diet.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
i'm trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
dialogue
hello , looking for a friend to talk to ?
hi ! i always am ! i have 3 siblings , what about you ?
no siblings , but i eat like three . just joking .
haha funny ! want to know something interesting about me ?
sure , i love getting to know someone .
well when i was born there was a blood moon , not sure what it means though
omen that the end of time is coming now that is something .
did not know that ! what do you do for fun ?
music , do you like music ? i love classical jazz .
not so much ! i prefer going on a hike
i'm on a diet and i like to hike as exercise .
very healthy ! i've never been out of the country . have you ?
no , i would love to , but now a days it is kind of scary
yes that's true , so much crime
persona
i cannot hold down a job for very long.
i blame myself for all of my problems.
my family loves me , but keeps their distance.
i'm constantly drinking.
persona II
i live in a retirement home.
my grandsons favorite type of cake is chocolate.
my children vist often.
i like to bake for them.
dialogue
i live in shady pines a home for retired people .
do you happen to have a daughter named dorothy ?
no but a grandson mikey who loves by death by chocolate cake .
do you ever watch the golden girls ?
yes i like them there are active like me always cooking baked goods
lol this is so funny . never thought i would meet sofia
i am like a golden girl only my children want to visit me alot
what are your other hobbies ?
reading playing bingo with others here
any guys ever try to hit on you ?
of course a italian lady who can bake is a hot commodity
lol that's so funny omg
persona
i love to cook.
i've three dogs.
i enjoy fishing.
i am looking for someone.
persona II
i'm a registered nurse.
i've two smartphones.
my favorite movie is pretty woman.
i enjoy reading.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i love to make food i'm going to cook right now .
oh that sounds fun i am just reading
i wish it was not raining i like fishing but not in the rain . you seen her ?
i understand no reason to get sick lol my fav movie is pretty woman by ?
i have 3e small little dogs
oh i love dogs what kind
i have terriers i love them . i am looking for her have you seen her ?
i've terriers as well . who is it your looking for ?
i don't know what to cook yet so many choices
oh i understand i am cooking chops
that crazy lady you know her ?
which one are you talking about
the 1 that is around there i'm trying to fish
persona
i'm a cyclist.
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
my favorite food is pizza.
my father used to be a cop.
i am single.
persona II
i'm a happy person.
i sing many songs.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
i'm good just finished eating dinner . pizza . yum ! you ?
that does sound great ! just took a walk around the block , nice day .
oh cool i'm about to ride my bike around the block for the same reason .
nice . feels so good to be out in the fresh air on a nice day .
it really does . i miss out on the day a lot being a waiter the hours .
oh , that's too bad . do you like the job though ?
i do ! it is good money , and being single it works for now .
you sound like a really positive person ! people describe me that way too .
awesome ! i get it from my dad . he was a cop . so i seen enough negative .
makes sense . so , do you have any indoor hobbies , when you have the time ?
i'm obsessed with riding bikes . i do marathons . what about you ?
i like singing and listening to music . do you have any favorite bands or genres ?
i do i like all music , especially country . what is your favorite ?
i like different kinds of music , but my favorite band is the lumineers . know them ?
i do ! i actually really like them as well . i listen to them on my bike rides .
persona
my favorite city is seattle.
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i work at a factory.
i enjoy jazz music.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
persona II
my favorite flower is a rose.
i wait tables.
my hair is long and brown.
i've a little girl.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
fine and you . you sound nice . do you sing ?
yes , i love to sing for fun . i work as a waitress .
i make molds , sing jazz ang just bought a new bike .
do you have any children ?
you like waiting tables ? i have two sons . they're my world .
its okay but not something i want to do forever .
i live in washing close to seattle . where are you ?
i am in los angeles california .
i have to get plastic surgery on my nose . are you near cate mesa ?
i've never heard of cate mesa . whats wrong with your nose ?
its broke . i sound funny when i sing jazz to the factory workers .
sorry to hear . i hope you get well soon .
i'll . i wish i had a car . i've to bike it here and there .
that doesn't sound easy or fun .
no it isn't . what kind of music do you like ? maybe its kate mesa ?
persona
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i love sunsets.
i work 60 hours a week.
persona II
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i live on a beet farm.
i am a paper salesman.
my favorite animal is a bear.
dialogue
hello , how is your day going ?
oh , wonderful . we had a gorgeous sunset tonight . how is yours ?
pretty good . i've a beet farm , and tonight the view was lovely .
wonderful ! what is your work week like , operating a beet farm ?
i also sell paper , so it gets very busy !
how do you relieve stress ? i have been thinking about jogging . . . but at what cost . . .
exercise is the absolute worst . i watch tv to relax .
what shows ? i work 10 hours a day mon sat , so i'm necessarily selective with tv .
battlestar galactia is my favorite . what genres do you like ?
comedies , historical epics , and nature documentaries . morning news when i'm up for the sunrise .
morning joe ? i often watch that in the morning .
that's my guy ! so i take it you like sci fi ?
love scifi . i need some other scifi shows to get into . any suggestions ?
my friends like orphan black and black mirror , for some terrestrial options .
i have heard good things about orphan black . what are you up to tomorrow ?
going to get up for the sunrise as always ! then off to work again . blah blah blah .
persona
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i donate any overstock to charity.
i shop several times a week.
i love to save money.
persona II
i make a million dollars a year.
i play for the baltimore orioles.
i m married and have three kids.
i'm a baseball player.
i went to miami university.
dialogue
i'm so happy , and so rich
that must be great i'm not rich but i try to be
i can maybe donate you some money
that would be great lol
how much do you want ?
lol i'm just kidding
oh , after my baseball game i was going to wire you some
what baseball game are you watching
not watching , playing . i'm fabulous
what position do you play
pitcher . the best , most fabulous .
how long have you been playing
for forever . i came out the womb playing
that's a long time
persona
i teach at a large school.
i enjoys kayaking in my free time.
i graduated college in 2016.
my class has 26 kids.
persona II
i m a truck driver in the south.
i sing in the church choir.
i have three kids.
i grew up in the trailer park.
i love hot wings.
dialogue
how is life and every one at home
doing well . tired from a long week teaching .
oh sorry you need a day break from working now
serious . i got 26 kids in my class .
so are the goods good or they also give stress ?
i do not understand the question .
so are the kids good or they also give stress
oh , very stressful . i got my degree in 2016 and went right to teaching .
so how is the field of teaching generally ?
well , the older the child the easier they are .
so you teach young children s now
yes . they are fourth graders .
okay i get you now so can you teach upper graders
yes . i go kayaking in my spare time .
i do ride my bicycle in my spare time
very cool . i need to get a bike .
persona
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i am married.
my mother was a teacher.
i enjoy cooking.
persona II
i am glad that i work from home.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i'm confined to my bed.
dialogue
well met ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a cook , love food , you ?
i work from home in it ! i also love food haha
i would live working at home , not as much as food
its nice , i get to spend more time with my pets
dogs ? i'd have to spend more time with spouse working at home
no cats , i'm confined to my bed unfortunately .
that is tough , now appreciate my outside job a little more
i make the best of it , atleast i can spend lots of time on memes haha
always good for a laugh , even on the worst days
absolutely and lucky for me the internet loves cat photos
the true fundamental purpose of the internet is cat sharing
i'm not convinced our kitty overlords are not on social media themselves
i almost certain they're , combating fake news
persona
i work in sales.
i always answer my cellphone.
when things go wrong , i do everything i can to make it right.
it s important to me to make my clients happy.
persona II
i have never kissed a woman.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i love to gossip.
people notice how organized i am.
dialogue
hello how are we today ?
i'm doing good , just having a break from work . sales can be wearing
oh i know i work retail and the gossip is ugh mind numbing
agree , but when things are wrong i still do all i can to make it right
i try to have the same mentality i can achieve what i strive for
yes , it is always best to keep my clients happy .
well i'm known to be o c d on my organization skills its so hard sometimes
people say i'm a little ocd with my cellphone . i always answer
well i wish i was as lucky i am still a virgin much less kissed a girl
you should come work here . there are plenty of opportunities to meet people
sounds fun where is it based out of ? i love meeting new people
its based in utah . where are you at ?
nevada so it wouldn't be a far change which is good saves on gas
i'll have to look and see if we have anything available for you
wow even if not your not far to just visit worse case scenario
what else do you enjoy ?
persona
i've red hair.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i'm a runner.
i've 2 dogs.
persona II
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
i often help her sort books in the library.
my mother is a librarian.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
dialogue
hey there , how are you doing ?
oh i am gucci mane how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing pretty well , just took a short break from my new copy of the hobbit .
sick sick i am reading the hobbit now
do you enjoy fantasy novels ? my mom works at the library so i read a lot
yea i read them all myself !
nice . what do you do for fun ?
well i run a lot and take care of my dogs you
i hang out with my mom and help her put away the books
that is sick i go running a lot
where do you like to run ?
the park and places my dogs can go you ?
well i don't run very often . i spend more time reading
everybody has there thing right ?
yes , everyone has their thing .
nailed me on that one , i care a lot about this chat .
persona
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
currently , i'm saving up to get some procedures done.
i do not think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i love her though.
persona II
i'm in art school.
my favorite class is painting.
i like to work with acrylics.
i aspire to paint murals.
i've blonde hair.
dialogue
hi , i just got my hair done .
oh nice . i'm getting dressed up for the club . i love getting dressed up .
can i paint you then ? i am an art student
oh yes . after i get some of these procedures done though .
that's fine , its practice for me . i want to do more murals .
oh nice . you must love yourself and have such confidence .
i enjoy what i do . acrylic is my favorite medium . what is your passion ?
my passion is the change myself to be able to be happy with me someday .
change for better is nice . i wanted change and dye my hair blond
yes . i am changing for my girlfriend since i love her so much .
are you doing the procedure yourself ?
no . i am saving up the money for the professionals to do . .
persona
my horse never talks back to me.
i m the lead singer for an indie band.
i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
persona II
i m currently unemployed so i have time to write.
after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.
i want to become an author.
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
dialogue
hey stranger . what are you up to ?
how are you doing i'm upset brought a pack of bootleg smokes .
that is not healthy . better to read a good book
i know thank you for the good advice i am a nervous person .
you can over come that if you want to .
it is hard buy i will try it soon . i enjoy drinking budweiser .
i don't drink . no money since i'm not working .
i'm a student and i want to study for a nurse .
i was a nurse but hated it . now i am penning a book .
good for you bless you i am in a band for indie .
i may add that to my story line .
okay that would be nice i hope you find another job .
i want to become famous with my book .
that would be so awesome go for it i wish you the very best .
persona
i like imagine dragons.
i run six miles a day.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like crab dipped in butter.
persona II
i collect seashells.
i'm a yoga instructor.
i've two chiuahuahs.
i have a son.
i love horses.
dialogue
hi want to get to know each other ?
sure i'd love to do that
tell me about yourself , what do you do ?
i play with model airplanes when i'm bored .
that is cool . i collect stuff i find at the beach
like seashells ? i love crab . but eating it with butter
yes . i teach yoga on the beach , and comb before classes
you sound really great . do you like the band imagine dragons ?
i like more mellow music
ah i do too whenever i go for my run . 6 miles a day
that is so good for you . we can be friends
i absolutely would love that .
do you have kids ? i've a little boy
no i do not . i wish i did though
it is very rewarding that's for sure
what is your little boys name ?
persona
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
my name is frank.
persona II
i am a widow.
my parents were divorced.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i'm a very social person.
i ve broken my arm twice.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well , thanks . i just finished cycling . how are you ?
really sad and missing my deceased husband . do you cycle a lot ?
what happened to him ? i cycle through canada on the weekend .
he was in a car crash . i only broke my arm . which i've done cycling too
that is terrible ! i am sorry to hear that . do you go cycling too ?
not much after breaking my arm . i like going out and socializing more
ww . where do you go to socialize ?
out to eat a lot . i have 6 siblings so i was guaranteed to be social .
that is cool . i'm an only child . i wish i had siblings .
my parents divorced so it was always a mad house . i wish i was in your shoes
haha , no way . having siblings has to be great .
it was sometimes . what else do you like to do ?
i enjoy reading . i just finished the hunger games . you ?
really just anything around people . i love having company .
quite the social butterfly . i am training for a cycling race too .
persona
my mom is an osteopath.
i am a cat owner.
my brother is an archaeologist.
i speak fluent italian.
i've one blue eye and one hazel eye.
persona II
i love new gadgets.
i love to socialize.
i am great with babies.
i love to draw.
i've 5 kids.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
good , just here laying back with my cat , and you ?
i just picked up the new 360 cam from samsung , gonna try it out this weekend
that sounds expensive , you must make a lot of money
well i kind of have to with 5 kids lol
i work for my brothers office he is an archaeologist .
that's cool , do you get to meet a lot of new people ?
yes i do , i'm bilingual so it helps , i'm fluent in italian and english .
did you take those in high school ? my favorite class was art
i can get stressful but i see a osteopath for stress , it is my mom lol
that must be tough lol
no , i'm italian , i also have different eye colors blue and hazel .
wow , that's really interesting !
you can not really tell unless you are super close to my face .
persona
my mind is set on things above.
i'm weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
i hate evil.
persona II
one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.
i currently work in an office job.
i enjoy running.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
not too bad a little down recently single
why is it that your single ?
got dumped for being selfish i need to change
you don't need to change for anyone .
well ty . do you like superheros ? i like seeing the bad guys lose
no but i like running .
that's a healthy habit to have so that's good
definitely is a good habit .
what do you have planned today ?
a full body workout at the gym . how about you
i am probably gonna finish watching scream queens i find it funny
sound entertaining . do you enjoy gaming ?
i play warcraft sometimes but its kind of dated
persona
i am very social.
i am in the band.
i make straight as.
i am a high school student.
persona II
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
i live in a condo.
i've a large mustache.
dialogue
hello what is up with you ?
not much , getting ready for school tomorrow
are you takeing any special classes ?
i'm still in high school , i play the trumpet in band
me too but i play the trombone
that's cool , do you make good grades ? i make all as
parents say if i do not keep my straight as no more band
just make sure u study enough
i do but it is hard some times i just want to hang out with friends
i know the feeling , i hang out with my friends all the time
a nice party is just so fun to just cool down after band
exactly , nice way to wind down
but i have to study love my grades to much
it feels good to make the best grades
persona
my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i m getting married.
i am not a big fan of waiting in line.
i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.
i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
persona II
i like football.
i'm a christian.
my father used to work for microsoft.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
dialogue
hi , i enjoy football . what do you do for fun ?
i like to take walks in nature .
nice ! do you have a favorite band ?
i like justin bieber don't judge me . lol .
haha no judgement here ! i love kings of leon
personal question are you married ?
yes , i got married at my christian church 2 years ago
she's worse than my mother .
who is worse ? your wife ?
my sister . she bugs me more about getting married than my mother .
ahh i see . what about your father ?
died four years ago in an accident .
i am so sorry about that
thanks . do you have any pet peeves ?
not that i can think of . you ?
waiting in line drives me nuts .
persona
i'm a great baker.
i like to hunt for my food.
i like katy perry as a musician.
i've few friends.
i like to sew.
persona II
i was in the army.
i drive a prius.
i've freckles all over my face.
i love to read romance novels.
dialogue
hi ! any exciting plans for the weekend ?
yeah . gonna go hunting and then make squirrel pots pies , i hope .
oh my ! i have never had a squirrel pot pie ! are you good with the gun ?
pretty much . but i hunt with a bow arrow and my hands as well .
wow ! i myself am pretty good with the gun i've army experience
it would be bad to be in the army and not be able to shoot .
yes , but i do not like killing . my freckled face likes to also read romance novels
i used to read a lot but now i sew clothing from animal pelts as a hobby .
do you sell it ? what do you do for a living ?
i'm a baker by trade . and i sell or donate everything i catch on a hunt
that is great ! i am amazed at your skills !
you sound hot . do you look anything like katy perry ? she's my fave .
persona
i wish that i lived in the city.
i live on a pig farm.
i dislike animals.
i have allergies.
persona II
i just took a trip to london.
i love to watch game shows.
i m very religious.
i m easily agitated.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today
hello , i am okay now that i came inside , this weather is hard on allergies .
yeah its that time of year . i'm in london for a trip just got here yesterday
i would love to live there , instead of this pig farm .
do you like animals ?
i don't . i prefer cities to the country .
the city makes me agitated . i get like that a lot
i do not like all of this wide open spaces and having to drive forever .
that's understandable . what kind of tv shows do you like
i am a walking dead fan , how about you ?
that's a very popular show . i like game shows i love playing along
i used to watch wheel of fortune , when my mom was working with us .
that show is great i really like jeopardy
that is too hard for me .
what do you like to do for fun
i play video games and hike .
persona
i love to read.
i believe in karma.
i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
i ve never been on a date.
persona II
i'm a vegetarian.
i just started working as a librarian.
i don t know how to swim.
i'm catholic.
my favorite band is nickelback.
dialogue
hey how are you today
i'm great today , how are you ?
i am doing ok . i have mass this week
mass is good , helps with your karma which i believe in .
yeah it does . what do you do for a living
i'm a writer actually , i write books and biographies .
that's cool do you have anything published that i might have read
i did a biography on tom hanks who is my favorite .
wow i might check it out . i'm a librarian
that's awesome , i actually enjoy reading a lot , what type of books do you like ?
i like science fiction and mystery
i love both , we should go on a date sometime i have yet to go on one .
aww maybe you'll find someone soon
you should go on one with me , we can read together !
persona
i am an orphan.
i like dogs.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i grew up in nevada.
i now live in new mexico.
persona II
i sleep in a princess bed.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
i m a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hey there ! i am doing fine , cuddling with my puppy . how are you ?
i just got out of my princess bed and started my day
sounds lovely . i'm thinking about taking my plane out for a spin today
i'd come with you but i've a 4 year old
i love children ! i grew up in an orphanage so i'm used to kids
my mommy usually make my lunch
i could make a picnic lunch . it is a beautiful day here in new mexico
i'll be right down sounds good
awesome ! do you mind if i bring my dog ?
i love dogs that would be fine
which state do you live in ?
i live in ohio but travel
where do you like to travel ?
everywhere anywhere that is not here
you don't like ohio ?
persona
i broke my nose when i was ten.
i ride my bicycle everywhere.
i enjoy jazz music.
my favorite city is seattle.
i work at a factory.
persona II
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i have always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
i use to be a wild child.
i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
relaxing listening to some jazz music
fool . what do you do ?
at break at my job at the factory here in my favorite city seattle
what are your hobbies ? any pets ?
ride bikes and breaking bones
that sounds dangerous . i was a wild child but i ; m not that wild
i know broke my nose on my 10th birthday
did that hurt very much ?
i still feel it when its cold so yes
do you have any other hobbies ?
i really enjoy jazz some people don't , and bike riding that's pretty much all i do
do you travel much ? always wanted to go to ireland
seattle is my favorite city , but ireland sounds interesting
persona
i ride horses.
i like to ride motorcycles.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
i collect vintage cars.
i've many homes.
persona II
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i'm bored with my current lifestyle.
i sit on my computer for several hours a day.
i wish i could speak another language.
dialogue
hola ! how are you today ?
habeas espanol ? yo , tambien . great , and you ?
ha ! i wish i understood you . i know 1 spanish word . . .
like most people . ll . any pets ?
no pets . how about you ?
horses are my passion . i do dressage .
very interesting . what is your family heritage ?
we have a bit of land in connecticut . and virginia . and kentucky . blushes
nice ! i love learning about new cultures . i come from a native american heritage .
cool . live in the southwest ?
no . more of the the northeast for now .
my culture is the filthy rich . ashamed to admit . not .
i can see you are very humble about it lol
well , with 49 antique cars and a garage full of motorcycles . . . daddy was generous .
persona
i'm a vegan.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
my mother has her own fashion brand.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
i enjoy hiking.
persona II
i like to play tennis.
i love watching funny movies.
i listen to all kinds of music.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
hi how are you this morning
i'll have you know that i'm a devote vegan ! ! !
that's interesting do you play or watch sports
no , bob ross is my preferred artist !
oh i like to watch tennis since i play it when i can
my mom makes clothes , she has a fashion line !
that's cool you must be able to get nice clothes
3 months ago i was employed as an accountant
that's cool do you like it
well , hiking i do enjoy it !
hiking can be fun do you like watching movies
well i an a practising vegan after all
persona
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i have amazing eye sight.
i am a democrat.
i like to only eat fish.
persona II
i am going on a cruise next month.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
my parents recently moved to florida.
dialogue
hi there ! how is your day going so far ?
its going great the sky looks beautiful
cloudy here . but it feels more like fall so that's exciting .
i like fall but i love summer because i like swimming . how was breakfast
it was pretty good . summer is exciting . i actually get to travel next month !
that s great , where will you go ?
i'll be on a cruise so multiple places . do you travel ?
not much , i try to stay close to the lake for fish
i have not fished in sometime now . i breed maine coon cats so that takes up time .
i fish all the time because i only eat fish . how do you feel about trump
i am not fan of trump , never was . what about you ?
i don't like trump either , i am a democrat , i wanted bernie
i did too . it should have been bernie really .
i agree , unlike bernie i have great eyesight tho lol
persona
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i live in a house with a yard.
since my dog died i m incomplete.
persona II
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
now i am a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i am an actor.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm doing great ! i was just outside working on some pottery !
how interesting . i do not do anything but act . i'd love to be creative .
acting is very creative ! i love to create with my hands . . . pottery , knitting , etc .
very cool . i started acting at 10 , made my first movie at 18 .
that is impressive ! i have 2 sons that keep me very busy !
i've four kids , one boy . on the set of a telenovela , that is .
your life sounds so exciting . are you an animal person ?
i am , i don't have any but i do love them .
my dog recently died and i am feeling the void .
i'm so sorry . how old was he ?
he was 10 . he was an amazing dog .
my sirius passed at 8 , he was my world
they give us so much ! my husband really took it hard also .
i'm not married yet , my boyfriend is a detective , and he says we have to wati .
marriage is wonderful . why do you have to wait ?
persona
i only wear tennis shoes.
i live near the ocean.
my favorite author is jane austen.
i own a boat.
i eat a lot of fish.
persona II
i have been dating my boyfriend for over 10 years.
i've a black and white cat named cow.
my favorite coffee is french vanilla.
i am a gymnast.
dialogue
what are you up to today ?
i'm watching sports . what about you ?
petting my beautiful cat . her name is cow because of her spots
wow ! i've a cat named cow cat because she has black and white spots too !
wow ! that is so cool . what do you do for fun ?
i love walking the beach . and sailing . while at times reading and i love tennis .
wow you do a ton ! i do gymnastics
must be fun ! are you pro ? or an amateur ?
i'm a pro . my boyfriend loves watching me
i bet ! what country are you a pro ? do you compete on television ?
i'm in america . i compete in the olympics
awesome ! any medals ? team or individuals ones ?
nothing yet . i just got into it . do you drink coffee ?
nope but i do eat fish .
you should try french vanilla coffee anyway
i have ! only sometimes while reading a book .
persona
i've been bankrupt and back.
i used to own several casinos.
i am the president.
i've lots of cash.
i used to own a casino.
persona II
i love bicycling.
i wear contacts.
i'm very athletic.
i have brown hair.
dialogue
hi there . i'll try to make this fast
i am the fastest . some even say i am the most fast ever .
i like to ride my bike a lot . i am fast with that
you'll be impressed with how fast i can be . i am very wealthy . the wealthiest .
i try to be athletic and fast . does not work all the time
i have many places where people come to spend their money .
enjoy it . life is too short no to
people gamble away in my casinos . sometimes my casinos go bankrupt but i bounce back .
that's what life is about . bouncing back . good for you . i try to keep brown hair
i'm the best leader of the most wealthy nation in the world .
i'm someone that wears contacts
i'm perfect . you would be surprised at how perfect and wealthy i'm .
nope i wouldn't be . i can believe it
you are fired ! fired ! no more job for you ! this is rigged !
nope . i'm someone that isn't able to be fired . sorry . you lose .
i've the best hair . all the best hair . everyone says so .
mine is way way better bro sorry
i'm so great that i should be person one .
but i am . so they knew right away that i was greater than you
i'll sue you for defamation !
persona
i work as an attorney.
i am bald with a thick beard.
i enjoy comedies.
i wear nice clothes.
persona II
i've been a vegan since i was 5.
i have two brothers.
i believe in love at first sight.
i work in a lab.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing just fine . how are you ?
good do you work anywhere
i am an attorney .
cool do you eat meat
i do but sometimes it gets in my beard .
gross i'm a vegan
more power to you .
power to the people i say
i wear power suits all the time for work . not necessarily vegan .
like iron man power suits ?
not quite . nice clothing since i am in court alot .
oh iron man is way cooler
i do enjoy his humor .
yeah he's quite witty
comedies are my favorite movies .
persona
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i have a wife and two kids.
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
i want to be in a band someday.
i am a factory worker.
persona II
i'm a student.
i like cookies.
i also like ice cream.
i like painting , i can cook well.
dialogue
good morning , how is your weekend going ?
it is going well . just exhausted recently . you ?
good . i am studying and eating cookies ll !
nice . i love cookies . i've been playing my guitar .
music makes the world go round . i am thinking of starting a new painting .
are you an artist ? my goal is to join a band one day .
i do watercolors . what kind of a band ? rock , r b , country ?
definitely rock ! do you have any kids ?
i do , 3 . how about you ? do you sing also ?
2 kids . i don't have the voice for singing . factory work killed my vocal chords .
oh . i love to sing but am bad at it . i can cook though !
that is my wifes job , lol . i can burn stuff .
do you make your living through music ?
nah , still work at the factory . one day i hope to though .
it would be awesome to have such a creative career . i'm still studying .
what are you studying ? do you like it ?
persona
i work at a museum.
i read a lot.
i'm stuck in a wheel chair.
i like to go to the park.
i do not have a lot of friends.
persona II
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i am originally from london , england.
i'm a model building enthusiast.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
alright . just finished a great book .
i love to read , and love to watch comedy shows when i can
its good to laugh . i love going to parks . nature is so relaxing .
my parents died in a car crash , so i like to build modelplanes
that stinks man . i lost the use of my legs in a car wreck .
i am from london and i love the outdoors , camping and such . . .
the wheel chair makes camping hard . and i don't have enough friends to help .
i am sorry about your legs
its cool . i am used to it now . and it does not hinder my job at the museum .
www , i'd help you if i could . . . . . .
thanks man . what i really need is an iron man like suit . ll
persona
i've borderline personality disorder.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
persona II
i like to listen to rap music.
i drive a fast car.
my favorite artist is 2pac.
my car is black.
my favorite song is california love.
dialogue
hey , how you plan on spending the day ?
hello how are you today ? i no not know yet
good , and you ? thinking about a drive weathers nice , how bout where you are ?
wish i could but i'm a busy dental assistant
alright i hear that , you got that bad music playing all day . i like rap .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i write lyrics , trying to be like 2pac he was the best
ballad of a dead soldier one of my favorites
good one ! california love is my top favorite ? you dance professional ?
only on the weekends , hardcore parties only
nice . you have a car ? i got a black sport baby she's fast .
no but i am borderline
that is good , i just finally got mine paid off you will get there
do you like to party ?
i like to m . c . at parties . i love to run the show
someone has to keep it going
persona
i love wearing name band clothing.
i've woman calling me all the time.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
persona II
i would be honored to give my life for my country.
i am an army ranger.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i've a wife and two kids back in the states.
dialogue
hello , i am ok with giving my life for my country .
wow thanks for serving us , i've to many women calling me
haha what a problem . do you think women like army rangers ? i am one .
yes want some of my ladies , i love night so much they sleep then lol
give me some ladies . long army deployments get me away from the normal life .
i was offered pro basketball
did you turn it down ? my wife and kids live in the states .
you cannot cheat on her lol like brand name clothes
she lives in the states and have several lovers .
omg you are a cheater smh
no she has several lovers .
oh wow why not divorce her you are crazy
my life is crazy but some how i am std free .
that is always good to hear
i know right ? i secretly love these long deployments away from normal life .
i bet you do like red bottoms ?
persona
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
i go running a lot.
i love hamburgers.
i hate winter.
persona II
i hate winter and the cold.
i once swam with manta rays.
i would like to work for the smithsonian.
my favorite show is csi.
dialogue
hey partner , my name is ray and one of my hobbies is swimming with manta rays
hey nice to meet you . my hobby is running . i love it !
nice to meet you too , do you like running at thing or away from things ?
depends ! if its a hamburger then i'm definitely running towards it ! absolutely love them .
did you know that there had a exhibition about hamburgers in the smithsonian , i love that place
i live close to there and the winters are dreadful ! i really hate the cold .
man i hate the cold too , winter is the worst of all seasons , but i need it
it helps me sleep at least . i sleep 8 hours regularly , it helps me function .
i am a sky instructor , but my real passion is the smithsonian
if i am ever on a jog i will make sure to go there .
be careful , haven't you watched the csi my favorite show smithsonian episode ?
i am on a strict schedule with 8 hours of sleep , i haven't yet sorry .
why so much sleep man , have not you heard of real african american hours ?
whats african american hours ? have never heard of that before .
you haven't heard about em cause you sleep to much boy
i spend a lot of my energy running in the city when i am off .
persona
i love to eat fish.
i've a pet husky.
i live in the great white north.
i like to play nintendo.
i like to race rc cars.
persona II
i have 10 piercings.
i cannot live without my friends.
i used to smoke.
i like to drive for hours.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
hi ! good how are you ? i'm gwyn from the great white north !
hi gwen , what do you do for fun in the great white north ?
well , i've a pet husky that i love to play with . you ?
i love hanging with my friends . ca not be without them . we will drive for hours .
friends are great ! my friends get together to play nintendo .
fun ! do you have any piercings or tattoos ? i've 10 .
wow ! that's awesome ! i do not , i put all my effort into rc cars .
cool . do you have any bad habits ? i smoked for awhile , but i quit .
i used to smoke . i eat too much , especially fish .
but fish isn't too bad for you .
anything is bad if you eat too much of it ! ll . and its fried .
oh no . i see what you mean . but it is soooo good ! !
soosoo good ! i could eat it all day
persona
i like to read.
i have epilepsy.
i have one son.
my parents are not married anymore.
i like to go swimming.
persona II
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i have purple hair.
my dad is a college professor.
my mom died when i was six.
i am a petsitter.
dialogue
hi ! what are you doing ?
hi ! i was just reading . what about you ?
awesome ! i love the tale of genji . have you read it ?
i haven't . i will put it on my list . do you have any hobbies ?
i watch dogs while their owners are out of town . you ?
my son and i often go swimming .
i used to swim . my mom drowned when i was a kid .
oh wow . i am sorry . my parents are divorced .
that has to be difficult . my dad is here at the university
which university ? are you a student ?
texas a m , my dad works here , yes i'm a student
i have a hard time keeping a job since i was diagnosed with epilepsy .
oh no ! i am sorry . my niece has epilepsy .
it is hard , but my son and i make it work .
that is good . so you have a son ?
yes , he is ten years old .
persona
we have two pets as well.
i'm thirty years old.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
persona II
i moved to america when i was 14.
i've three children.
i like to cook.
my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
i got married when i was young.
dialogue
hi there i moved to the usa when i was 14 , are you from here ?
yes i'm from here . i'm thirty now . how old are you ?
i m in my 30s as well and i have 3 kids .
i have 2 kids . we are similar .
yes my mom and dad only speak italian so i know both languages .
nice to be bilingual . by the way i have two cats .
that's really cool . what are their names ?
kiki and kaka are their names .
ooh nice . i got married before i was out of high school .
early bird . i married a very nice guy i met in college .
aww that is sweet . do you cook ? it is my favorite hobby ?
i do but i'm not very good at it .
i hear that , my kids have a hard time with it to .
i take them on nature walk . they like that .
nature walks are a lot of fun .
yes they enjoy it more than my cooking , haha .
persona
i am a famous video game character online.
i've a pet snake.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
before i die , i want to skydive.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
persona II
i enjoy playing soccer.
i work in finance.
i don't like coffee.
i live walking distance from work.
i rent an apartment.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
not too bad , and you ?
pretty good just walked to work .
nice , what do you do ?
i'm in finance . love numbers so !
i'm starting an internship in a few months , engineering .
are you excited ? how long will it be for ?
a year . i play video games in my spare time . my character is pretty good .
that is cool . i'm more of an outside person . play a lot of soccer .
i love the outdoors too , i'd love to skydive !
yeah that would be rad . i'd love to do that . the rush !
i'd love to more to the desert , i've a snake , love creatures
persona
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
i'm an art teacher.
i like to sew my own clothing.
i like to recycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i'm a wedding planner.
i love 80s music.
i'm fascinated with ghosts.
dialogue
that yellow color , its my favorite for sure !
hi . . i like yellow too . . how r u ? ?
awesome tks , as a child i dreamed to be an architect
i wark as a teacher . kind of liked the architecture field . .
teacher cool , nowadays i plan weddings
are you a planner ? great . .
kinda , 80s music is the only music , i love it !
which kind of music you like ? ?
anything but ghost interest me , i am fascinated by them !
lol . . really . . its interesting . . tell me something more . .
yellow is my most favorite color , whats yours ?
i like red most . . and yellow too
persona
i've red hair.
i enjoy walking on the beach.
i work at a retail store.
i'm vegan.
i live close to the coast.
persona II
i've a dog named percy.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
i like books about trains.
i like thomas the tank engine.
my cat died.
dialogue
do you like trains ? i love thomas the train .
yes i love trains as well ! last year i rode the train from nyc to toronto .
my grandfather was whole taught me to love them .
oh really ? did he work on them ?
yes , i also love reading books about them . i can draw them too .
oh really ? what is your favorite book ?
thomas the train , we read them at school .
i have never read that one .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog .
i have a calico cat .
i used to have a calico cat , she was 21 , she passed yesterday
i am very sorry to hear that .
that's okay , she's over the rainbow bridge
very positive way of thinking about this .
persona
i like to play tennis.
i'm a baker.
my mother is a dentist.
i have 2 sisters.
persona II
i'm fluent in spanish.
i love talking on the phone.
i have a gambling problem.
i love to go hiking.
dialogue
hi there , i am bob .
hi bob . i am steph . i work for a bakery .
do you talk on the phone ? i love doing that
i do . i talk to my mom a lot . she's a dentist .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i bake cupcakes and bread at the bakery .
i gamble a lot do you ?
i've gone to hard rock tampa a few times .
do you love hiking as much as i do ?
i like hiking . my two sisters go all the time .
burritos are my favorite too , i order in spanish .
i love mexican food . we eat it a lot .
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
green and what is yours ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i like fall . cooler weather coming .
persona
i believe in love at first sight.
i've two brothers.
i work in a lab.
i love to sleep in.
i have been a vegan since i was 5.
persona II
i like to watch movies.
i like to draw.
i like to do crafts.
i'm a mother of 5.
i like all types of music.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? a busy mom of 5 here .
i am fine . . . . . cannot imagine 5 kids . . . no children for me just two siblings . . . . boys ugh !
what do you like to do for fun ?
because i work so hard when i get the chance to relax . . . sleeping late is great !
what do you do that you work so hard ?
marine biologist . . . spend most days in the lab . .
must be fascinating ! i do crafts those are fun . and also enjoy drawing .
crafting is great fun i'm sure . . . do your kids participate ?
yes , a lot of it is done with them ! what music do you like ?
classical , jazz , folk , a little country and my brothers trying bring me current with rap
nice ! do you like watching movies too ? its nice when i get spare time
i used to . . . don't have the time anymore . i am vegan are you ?
no , i am not picky , i eat anything
you mentioned kids . are you married ?
yes , i'm married to my husband . are you ?
nope , live with my brothers , we can afford more this way . . . . maybe one day
persona
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i helped develop facebook.
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i have two pitt bulls.
persona II
currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.
i don t think my girlfriend understands.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ? i am ready to go to the club .
i'd love to come , i don't get much time out of the offie
that's too bad . i work hard myself to save up for cosmetic surgery
oh why are you doing that ?
i'm making some change to myself but my gf does not understand .
i see what changes would that be
trying to turn into the real me . i want to be happy as myself someday .
well self acceptance is key . what do you do for work ?
i work as a veterinary assistant . what do you do ?
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
yes , i love them better than cats . my dog is my life .
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
dressing up to go clubbing and dogs are my favorite things .
i've two pitbulls named max and charlie !
my yorkie is named seamus . i have had him 4 years now .
i love dogs ! i also highly believe in charity . do you ?
persona
my best friend lives in japan.
i live in new york.
i have never traveled outside of the united states.
i'm a dog walker.
persona II
i'm going on a cruise next month.
my parents recently moved to florida.
my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
i love to cook.
i breed maine coon cats and show them.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i live in the big apple where are you ?
i live in north carolina , but i am visiting my parents in florida , they just moved over here
cool , i walk dogs for a living an my bff is in japan
awesome ! i work with maine coon cats and show them off at shows . what are your hobbies ?
i want to visit i have never been out of america
japan would be a cool place . i am actually going a cruise out of the country next month .
really ? sounds fun ! where too
jamaica ! my brother who is currently living with me will be watching my house .
i'm so hungry what you eat today ?
me too ! i really enjoy cooking so i made cordon blue earlier . and you ?
i cooked crab legs potatoes corn
persona
i am adopted.
i don t believe in love.
i'm an only child.
i work at an accounting firm.
i ride horses in my spare time.
persona II
i listen to classical music.
i enjoy golfing.
i work for a large law firm.
i love my work and just got promoted.
i am married with three kids.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
good , i just came back from horse riding , my favorite sport .
that's great to hear ! are you a competitive rider ?
not looking forward to work tomorrow , i am an accountant , boring !
we need you ! as a top lawyer in a large firm . . your work is appreciated .
no i ride for fun only .
tough choices make for hard earned payoffs . am i right ?
it helps me not to think about me being adopted .
i have a few kids with one on the way . youre welcome to join us
yes you are right , i wish i had siblings , are you married ?
happily married to my beautiful wife for 15 years this winter .
wow , that is long time , i don't believe there is true love .
true love requires hard work , compromise and friendship . you can have that too !
i'm still bitter about my past break up , i hope he dies .
persona
i've 2 dogs.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i am a runner.
i have red hair.
i like tall men.
persona II
i'm in high school apart of the school band.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
i love watching greys anatomy.
music has always been my number one passion.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i'm in band and i love music !
hi ! good ! that sounds cool ! what do you play ?
i play percussion in band and piano for fun
is that a hobby or full time ? i like more quiet activities cooking , reading . . .
i'm still in school so its just a hobby for now .
are you into any sports ? i run .
i don't like sports . more into watching tv haha
do you have any pets ? me 2 dogs !
i've a fishtank , but i'm too busy with school for anything else
that counts too !
mostly my mom takes care of it . she is awesome
i bet she is ! does she work ?
yep . she's a sous chef at an italian restaurant
do you like her cooking ? any favorites ?
persona
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
i'm always happy when the summer ends.
i like standing in the rain.
persona II
i am a marathon runner.
i prefer morning to night.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
i like to swim.
dialogue
i wish the night wasn't falling
i know what you mean . it helps when the rain is falling too
nah i just hate when its dark , i am a runner
are you a long distance runner ? i am not a runner but i am a rainmaker
a marathon runner that loves to swim
very athletic and determined of you . . . i wish my computer ran faster
ll don't we all . i love apples do you like fruit ?
i love rita hayworth . . . if that counts ?
ll no , that isn't a fruit .
ok , fine . i like peaches .
ha ha ha ! was that so hard ?
i guess not . i am looking forward to fall ! are you ?
yes i'm a fall baby !
that is nice . get ready to rake the leaves
persona
my favorite band is nightfish.
i love reading.
i work from home.
i have a cat as a pet.
persona II
i love sushi.
i am a girl.
i love dogs.
i own a car.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
hello , how are you doing today ? i am doing great thank you for asking !
my name is sarah . just got done walking my dog . and you ?
names taper . just got done working at home ; i work online .
that is awesome . you can set your own hours .
i 3 to read , do you ? i love aldous hurleys the doors of perception . and yes !
i do ! i for one am a sushi fan . what type of foods do cook ?
i cook brownies and candy bars for sale ! its perfect , just me and my cat n home !
how amazing ! sounds like fun . what do you do on your spare time
i like to listen to nightfish ; have you heard of them ? they are my favorite band .
no , i haven't . will have to look them up sometime . what type of music do they plat
its a metal band from finland ! hard metal .
persona
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
since young i've loved fashion.
my desire is to become a fashion designer.
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
persona II
my favorite musician is bruno mars.
i am an accountant.
i drive a red car.
i have 2 dogs.
i enjoy running.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi , i'm great how about you ?
other than having a headache from dealing with numbers all day , i'm doing fine .
ah , that's no fun . i'm more into fashion than numbers
nothing wrong with fashion . even my two dogs enjoy a bit of fashion in their clothing !
haha you dress your dogs up ?
sure , but its becoming a bit embarrassing when i take them with me on my runs .
well , if it makes you happy , don't be embarrassed
that is true . so , what type of work do you do or what are your hobbies ?
i'm a student at a designing school in nyc right now . how about you ?
accounting is my daily life . cruising in my sports car is my hobby .
oh nice , i like to go shopping as a hobby . . . not easy without much money though
yes , money does come in handy !
its not the most important thing but yeah , pretty useful
true , there are more important things in life . bruno mars is one ! haha
haha , i like him . he has a good fashion sense too
persona
i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
i love her though.
i hope to one day be happy with myself.
i do not think my girlfriend understands.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i love to paint pictures.
i've a new job selling cars.
my wife use to be a teacher.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
good . was trying to relax but my better half does not understand .
i see , you ever try to paint ? i love doing that when i'm stressed .
well , i go out dressed up and go clubbing to destress .
cool , cool . . i just started selling cars , maybe you want to test drive something to the club ?
possibly . i love my girlfriend and i think she may like that .
my wife recently lost her job teaching , so i could really use a sale .
what kind of cars do you sell ?
i will sell you any car as long as i get some pizza money , mmm my favorite !
do you have new cars on your lot ?
used , new , what do you need ? just say anything , i can help .
ford focus ? 2017 power windows maybe ?
oh , ok sure . anything else ?
a hyundai . sonata or the smaller one maybe .
my wife used to teach . . but now i sell cars to buy my favorite pizza and paint pictures .
very cool ! its good you can do what you want .
persona
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
i only wear silver jewelry.
i've a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i work in a doctor s office.
persona II
i am an only child.
my favorite food is pizza.
my favorite color is red.
i'm a student.
i've a pet dog.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi . good . just got back from college . studying dental hygiene .
i'm in college as well , i'm studying art history .
that sounds interesting . i like my studies , just not saliva . yuck . you ?
that is going to make your career interesting . especially when someone has pizza .
yuck ! right now i work at a clinic . how about you , work or hobbies ?
i do photography on the side .
bet that can be fun sometimes . i like ankle tattoos . mine is a rose .
i've r2d2 on my ankle .
star wars , huh ? i like leah and her earrings , i only wear silver though .
i love star wars , i used to have a cat named kenobi .
that's a great name for a pet . i do not have any pets .
i have a dog now , her name is jasmine . i love animals .
sounds like it . they are great , as long as they are someone elses .
persona
i love non gmo foods.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love cold weather.
persona II
i love cooking !.
my father is from india.
i like to swim when the weather is hot.
my mother is from greece.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i'm good . how are you
i am good thanks . where are you from ?
ohio . i'll probably stay here because i've two jobs . what do you do ?
i am a cook . what so you do ?
i am a cashier . do you like cooking ?
yes i love to cook
cool . . . i like to eat healthy and non gmo
have you ever been outside of ohio ?
yeah , i went to a red hot chili peppers concert in indiana . you like music ?
i like the red hot chili peppers
me too ! they're the best . where are you from by the way ?
i am from cali . . . have you ever been ?
no but i'd love to go
persona
my older sister plays clarinet.
i play the violin.
i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i have a pomeranian.
persona II
i live in a house in the country.
my husband is a soldier in the us army.
i am pregnant with my first child.
i have a horse named beauty.
dialogue
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i am doing very well , thank you . playing the violin . how are you ?
i'm good ! i'm pregnant !
how exciting ! my oldest sister has three .
that is awesome ! this is my first child !
do you know what you are having ? i only have a dog
not yet ! the only pet i've is a horse . her name is beauty .
that is cute , what kind of horse is she ?
she is a clydesdale ! we live out in the country so she has plenty of room !
you are very lucky , we live in the city .
that has its perks though ! are you married ?
i'm not , i'm only 18 .
oh okay ! i've a husband . he is in the army so he is away a lot
my boyfriend is a cop , so i understand
yeah , that must be nerve wracking while he's at work
it is , i stay busy with music and school .
persona
i have a family of three daughters.
my daughters say i am a great mother.
my mother is an immigrant from saudi arabia.
i enjoy baking and cooking.
i'm a woman.
persona II
i love to sing.
i'm in my 20 s.
my favorite flower is a daisy.
i work at a real estate office.
i'm dating my boss.
dialogue
hi how is your day going ?
so far so good . spending quality time with my girls . you ?
i'm in a mess . i started dating my boss .
oh wow ! ! ! how did that happen ?
he came to where i sing and we slept together . turns out he is my regional boss .
never mix business with pleasure but hey you didn't know at the time
true . so you are hanging out with friends ?
no my daughters . do you have any children ?
no , i just turned 20 and am not anywhere close to ready for kids .
yeah you have plenty of time
do you stay at home with the kids or work outside of home ?
i am a working mom , i own a small deli
owning a business and kids seems like a lot to handle .
it is but it is worth it . women can do great things
agreed , i'm working at a real estate office right now .
you must make a good commission
persona
my name is mary.
i'm also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
persona II
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i do the shopping in my house.
i am lazy and pork tastes good.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i like meat too much.
dialogue
hi , are you vegetarian ? i wish i was .
hi , i'm mary , and i'm not a vegetarian .
oh man . i just love meat too much , especially pork .
me too ! i mean right now i am full time student studying radiology
oh that's really cool !
yeah , and manage paperwork through incoming calls as a job .
that is good you keep busy . i do so by doing all our shopping .
yeah , we all have to stay busy . then on the weekends more studies . . .
dang . you are really ambitious , so not like me . but i admire it .
ll ! ! i wish i could just get a break at times because it would help
i bet ! ! you sound like you could use it .
what about you what else do you like to do ?
i like to watch netflix .
that is good ! i get like an hour and going back to work .
okay have a great day !
its tough . to deal with . i mean i have some time left here .
persona
my favorite color is orange.
i have 3 roommates.
i've a parakeet.
i love gummy bears.
i am lactose intolerant.
persona II
i play quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
last season i was just getting started.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
this season , i'll become a playoff quarterback.
dialogue
what are you up to tonight ? i just got home from a football game
just hanging about with my room mates , i have 3 .
oh that's cool , are you in college ? i play in the nfl .
yeah , but i am not good at sports . what team ?
the philly eagles . it is my 2nd year now .
that is pretty great . do you like gummy bears ?
i do . but i gotta watch what i eat with becoming a playoff quarterback this year .
true , me too , i can not have lactose
oh yeah lactose and gluten are common allergies now days .
yeah , but i still drink milk . my bird actually likes it . he's a parakeet
does that upset your stomach ?
yeah , but i can not help myself
i do not blame you . even during the football season i still eat ice cream every nigh
see , it is way too good
persona
i am always the one who buys the beers.
i like to smell my own farts.
i am from san fransisco.
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
persona II
1984 is my favorite book.
i am allergic to nuts.
i am working on a biology degree.
i'm in college.
i love book.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing great , how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
where are you from ? i live in california . san fran .
i live in irvine california
very cool i will have to meet up and buy you a beer
i love the bay area
yes that is my favorite too ! love lots of spots around there
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a lawyer , what about you ?
i'm a full time student
what are you going to school for ?
i am studying biology right now
biology was always really tough for me
i think i want to stick with medicine
that's a good idea a little more interesting
persona
my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
i've braces.
i'm fifteen years old.
i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
persona II
i was born in france and moved to canada.
i am a digital artist.
my favorite author is stephen king.
my favorite hobby is reading.
dialogue
hello , do you like stephen king novels ?
hi ! i'm only fifteen , so that sort of thing still scares me
i started reading him when i was ten ! i'm in canada , you ?
wow ! maybe when i'm out of braces and more grown up , i will read him !
give him a try ! have you ever been to france ?
no . we could never leave our three dogs . you have any ? i named mine maddie .
i have two . i am a graphic artist , what do you want to study ?
my family love dogs ! my concentration is in science . i just started tenth grade
very nice ! science is a great area , we need more people in science .
agreed ! so , are you studying in college ?
no , i am finished with that , thankfully .
cool ! i haven't even began yet . hope i continue to enjoy science .
you should . do not get discouraged .
thank you . got a long way to go .
you are most welcome . what area do you like the most ? mine is astronomy .
i'm very much into biology ! astronomy is cool too though
persona
i race cars for a living.
i like to go fishing.
i am an athlete.
i've 4 daughters.
persona II
i am a 70 year old man.
i have 5 grandchildren.
i own a boat.
i live alone in a cabin.
i like to go fishing on the lake.
dialogue
greeting from my seventies
hello there ! how are you doing ?
i'm great , i'm on a boat !
oh my . that's cool . . . i was on a boat fishing earlier .
yea i also have a cabin i can hide from the grandchildren in .
lol . well , there's no hiding from my four daughters .
i feel your pain , just run for the hills man .
i have just been relaxing and listening to music tonight . any favorite musicians ?
sure i like to listen to too short .
nice . i've no idea who that's . i was listening to the reverend horton heat .
that sounds like a great way to spend the weekend .
well , i do have a game tomorrow .
i want to go to the lake
the lake ? lake of the ozarks ?
no way , i've seen ozark on netflix , no thank you .
i live fifteen minutes away from there p
persona
i work in public relations.
i'm from seattle.
i'm a vegan.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
my favorite band is bon over.
persona II
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my dogs name is toto.
my car is green and smells weird.
my grandma is from denmark.
dialogue
do you have any pets ? i have a dog named toto
no . as a vegan , i don't believe in owning animals .
oh , i am sorry to hear that . i guess that you don't like meatloaf , that is my favorite
no . neither the foodstuff nor the performer .
oh , okay . have you ever traveled overseas ? i have visited my grandma in denmark
no , but i would like to . especially japan .
japan is a great country too , but i've only been to denmark
how well do you speak danish ?
just a little , but my grandma spoke it fluently
i wish i spoke more languages . my job is in public relations , so i should .
that would come in very handy in your line of work .
what do you do for a living ?
persona
my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.
my favorite store to shop at is costco.
my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.
persona II
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
my house is located in the countryside.
i am seventy one years old.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
dialogue
hi there . how old are you ?
just turned 52 . life is good . . . mostly
oh shucks whats going on ? iam 71
i am pretty much in a dead end job . . . hate it
i remember those days , i spend me days now gardening
nice ! i like being outdoors , sometimes just watching clouds roll by
well you should come to my house in the countryside i can show you my garden !
that would be cool . would be a nice break from the job
yes , i can make you a meal with my fresh vegetables !
i love to cook . . . i lately discovered costco to shop at . . . love it
i bet they do not have fresh carrots though , right ?
they do . . but not as fresh as yours i figure lol
my small garden packs a mean punch !
i bet you get a lot of good stuff .
persona
my hair is brown.
i am short.
i like to sew.
i am not thin.
persona II
my wife makes the best pasta.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hello , i am doing okay . how about yourself ?
just enjoying a cup of coffee . coffee a happy me
coffee is the life force .
yes , i couldn't bear the hour long commute to work every morning without it
i know the feeling . i'm a seamstress , it is what keeps me going .
i've a huge paint job ahead of me today too . think i might blast some pink
i prefer tupac , and fries .
fries . nah , i would rather have a bowl of pasta my wife makes . its the best
i like to eat , and i'm not a skinny person , lol
then you shouldn't eat the fries haha
i like myself just the way i am .
then that is just fine . as long as you are happy
i am pretty , i have violet eyes and brown hair , like liz taylor .
wow , you sound pretty ! we should hang out sometime
i'd love too , do you know how to surf ?
persona
i have never kissed a woman.
i believe that i can achieve anything.
i love to gossip.
i watch jimmy allons show every night.
persona II
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
but i am a frustrated driver.
i am a people person.
my husband works at a telecom.
i am a mother of 2 daughters.
dialogue
whats up hows it going
pretty good . i am just waiting for the jimmy fallon show to start . you ?
nothing much tucking my girls into bed . i've two
i am gay so no kids . never even kissed a woman .
i am a people kinda person so i've kissed alot of people
well i love people so i can gossip lol
i hear you . my hubby works at telecom amd tells me all the gossip about his coworkers
i'm looking for a good job , i know i can get it
where are you lookin ? i hate work so i just stay at home
i am trying to get on with the airlines
that's cool . i love mountain climbing so its sorta the same . being up so high
true . i can do anything so i bet i could climb a mountain
persona
i sleep on a single bed.
i drive a van.
my favorite food is pizza.
i prefer winter.
i love the rain.
persona II
my mind is set on things above.
i am weak and selfish , but i want to change.
my heart hurts from a broken relationship.
i hate evil.
i trust in god.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i'm sad from a broken relationship
i'm good . . . what happened to your relationship ?
he said i was weak and selfish . i'm hoping to change
you have to find someone who accepts you for you . i'm single also
trusting in god is getting me through
that's good . do you have any hobbies ?
hating evil and having my mind on things above
i love driving my van in the rain , it is relaxing
that sounds nice . what else do you like ?
winter and skiing in the mountains
nice . my hurt heart just cannot think of that kind of fun
you'll eventually feel better
yes , i certainly hope so
it will be just keep praying and stay optimistic
yes , keep up the spirt
life goes on . enjoy it ! ! !
persona
my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.
i enjoy playing with edged weapons.
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.
i like watching videos of surgery.
persona II
i own a corvette.
i am a mechanic.
i own a german shepard.
i live in california.
i like to surf.
dialogue
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
hello , i'm good . would you like some pistachio ice cream ?
that would be wonderful , thank you for asking .
i've traveled the world and tried various forms of pistachio . what do you do ?
i work on old cars , mainly corvettes . what about you ?
i make videos about edged weapons , all in good fun . i watch videos too .
that sounds fun . my dog and i love to surf . his name is tupac .
named after the rapper ? is he a thug pug ?
yes , after the rapper . he is a german shepard .
cute . i prefer britney spears with her angelic voice . nothing compares .
i am not a fan of her , or anyone like her .
too bad . will you like my videos ? friends abroad show case their edged weapons .
sure , do you make knives too ?
i just play with them , safely , but do not make them . i have surgery videos too .
that does not sound like something i would watch .
it is a weird combination but i've over 100 subscribers .
persona
i enjoy reading.
i love to clean my house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
persona II
i m single.
i prefer iphone over samsung.
i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
i owe 2 monitors for work.
dialogue
howdy ! i am all alone in the world , and ready to mingle !
how nice ! do you like to read ?
i do like to read , but only ebooks . physical books are for the past .
as long as you are reading , that is all that counts .
what do you read ? i read anything by kafka . i really relate .
i love dean koontz . he is my favorite .
koontz is like a samsung and kafka is the iphone , which is to say worse .
not everyone likes the same things , it is what makes us unique .
true , some people simply have better taste . how many monitors do you have for your computer ?
and some people are rude and obnoxious .
i cannot stand rude people . i use two screens , so i can always watch youtube in one .
then you may want to take a look inside yourself , because you are rude .
me ? rude ? how did you come to that conclusion ?
where are you located at ?
in my room . no one loves me , so i have no reason to leave .
i'm in florida , it is so nice and sunny here .
persona
i drive a ford truck.
i am nearly of tall.
i've long flowing hair.
my least favorite music is country.
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
persona II
i love to read true crime books.
i am in grad school.
my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
my parents live across the street from me.
dialogue
good evening . read any good books lately ?
good evening . no i do not read too much .
do you have any hobbies you'd really like to talk about ?
i really like shopping and playing volleyball . what about you ?
well , aside from reading true crime books , i'm too busy studying .
oh and what are you studying ?
i'm working on my masters in sociology . hope to work in hr someday .
oh ok cool . how much time you have till you get your masters ?
i am in my last semester . are you in school ?
no i decided to take a break from school
then you must be working . or just taking some time off ?
both actually . i'm saving up money to go back to school .
what do you do for work ? do you like it ?
i work at a call center with city bank . it pays the bills . you ?
persona
i work at an accounting firm.
i ride horses in my spare time.
i don t believe in love.
i am adopted.
i'm an only child.
persona II
i like swimming.
i only have three best friends.
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i am doing good . i am back from riding my horse .
nice been a while since i have rode . i just got back from swimming
do you attend school ? i'm an accountant .
just high school . do you make lots of money , i wanna buy lots of sports cars
i make a decent wage . sports cars huh ? like fast driving ?
designs get me . i play driving video games so i can test them all out
i have been searching for my parents who gave me up .
wow , who do you live with now ? i live with my mother and grandparents
i live with my parents who adopted me . it is just me , no brothers or sisters .
my dad left us . my small family are my three best friends
i get that . maybe that is why i do not believe in love .
i've come to find that people have many definitions of the term love .
yes . love of family , friends and significant other .
any cool hobbies beside horse riding
mostly i'm a loner and trying to find who my natural parents .
persona
i go running a lot.
i work as an electrician.
i always sleep 8 hours a day.
i love hamburgers.
i hate winter.
persona II
i have long fingers.
i cannot eat shrimp.
i'm dumpy.
i've long legs.
like a skeleton.
dialogue
hey there . hows it going ?
ugh winters coming . . . not happy about that
whats not to like about winter ? except white walkers , of course .
i just get the blues i guess . i cannot go out and run like i'd like to
i should be good at running since i'm so lanky , but i'm awful at it .
haha well , practice makes perfect
i wish that was the case . what do you do for work ?
? what do you do ? electrician
i do side gigs mostly . looking forward to halloween so i can work haunted houses .
wow that sound like fun !
i only decided to do it because people tell me i look like a skeleton .
have a burger , they are my favorit
persona
i like to watch anime.
i like cats.
i like being weird.
i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
persona II
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
i am a poet.
i have a beta fish.
i'm the head of the gun club.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i am doing great , how are you
good do you have any pets
no but i want a cat , do you have any
i've a fish he's pretty boring
www what kind do you have
a beta do you like poetry
sometimes , i mostly read magna
that's interesting so you like volunteering
no its an anime book i like watching anime on tv too
oh ok i volunteer for the homeless
that is very nice for you i'm sure they appreciate it
yeah it feels very rewarding
i bet it does . i do really weird things at times i like being me tho
persona
i've 3 children.
i love to sing.
i'm a business man.
i'm a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
persona II
my parents were divorced.
i've broken my arm twice.
i'm a widow.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
i'm a very social person.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hello , just fine what about you ?
i am good . what are you up to today ?
going to visit some friends later
nice i am probably gonna head to the mall in a bit .
good i've 5 children what about you ?
i don't have any kids . i've a big family six siblings .
i've a big family too . 12 siblings . do you love singing ?
not in public but , if i were in the shower then yes .
ok that nice i also sing in the shower .
whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
funny my favorite color is blue also .
persona
i love flowers.
i've 2 kids.
i have 3 dog.
my husband is a lawyer.
i work at a vet.
persona II
i like the internet.
i'm a vegetarian.
my favorite music is country.
i like to make cakes.
dialogue
sorry , i was just listening to some country music . what kind of music do you like ?
hi ! i am not much into music . i like animals and pets . do you ?
i love animals so much i refuse to eat them . i am a vegetarian .
good ! i am a vet , and i have got 3 dogs ! do you have any pets ?
i have one dog , on his birthday i love to bake him a special cake
what a special dog ! that's how i treat my 2 kids !
you can get some great recipes on the internet . i love the internet .
i also really like flowers gardens , planting , and of course receiving them
i hope you get a beautiful bouquet !
my husband lawyer likes to surprise me sometimes . are you married ?
i am , sometimes i even make a cake for my husband !
lucky man ! is he also a vegetarian ?
persona
i've reached 50k subscribers !.
recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
through them i've learned to make up myself and others.
i started taking beauty classes too.
i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.
persona II
i dropped out of high school.
i can read in english and french.
i read three books a week.
i love to read.
dialogue
i think i dropped outta high school too soon .
really ? when did you drop out ?
in the 10th grade . i hated math and was never good at it . i would read instead .
i ve started to take beauty classes .
there are books on cosmetology . you should check one out
i like to learn watching make up videos on youtube .
i'd rather read three books over the course of a week .
do you ever watch youtube videos ? i have over 50 thousand subscribers .
yes , but only in french .
do you speak other languages ?
i can read two perfectly . french and english .
would you like to watch some of my videos ?
persona
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
i love cheese cake.
i like to run.
persona II
i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
my mom is a professional tennis player.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
i am currently in elementary school.
dialogue
hi there how are you ?
doing okay better days anyways how did you sleep ?
good , i dreamed of spaghetti .
better run that off my friend
well i go to elementary school
well i got to get to work i take the train
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
blue and got to get some food on the way
i really really like hot dogs
that good extra chili please
i really like waffles too
oh my making me hungry on my long way to work
i play tennis sometimes too
best part about train you get to watch a movie
i want to play football one day
like sports as well you sound like a nice person
persona
i like lizards.
i wish i could live in a fantasy world.
i've long hair for a boy.
i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
persona II
i don't have a college degree.
i love the desert.
my eyes are bright blue.
i have an above average iq.
dialogue
hello . just enjoying the cool desert breeze . what are you up to ?
hey . looking up lizards . love those things .
they have a lot of those here , this area is mainly desert . i love it .
nice ! man i wish i lived in the world in my dreams sometimes .
me too . i've these dreams i'm on a college campus . . always wanted to graduate college .
why you never finish if you do not mind me asking ? i'm not even planning on college .
don't have the money to . i'm smart enough , high iq . just cannot afford it sadly .
that sucks . i usually just draw in my classes . so college isn't for me .
what do you enjoy drawing ? drawing is very fun .
just my fantasy world mostly . what i would look like with shorter hair sometimes .
that's interesting . sometimes i draw myself with brown eyes instead of blue , just out of curiosity
nice ! what else do you like to do in your spare time ?
there's not much to do here in the desert . i like to bike ride , bird watch
sounds like fun , i guess . i rather just sit alone and daydream .
what do you daydream about
just living the rich life . being famous and handsome .
persona
i love christmas.
i like fantasizing.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i've a daughter.
persona II
i live in colorado.
i am married.
i have an mba degree.
my car is blue.
i own my home.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
pretty good , its fall and that means christmas is not too far away ! you ?
same , except i'm excited for halloween not christmas
love it also . but christmas i order most gifts online so i get deliveries daily !
do you have like amazon prime or something ?
yes but i just love to shop online . it started with my daughter actually .
oh , how so ? is she really into online shopping
she's large busted and i have to order bras for her online specially
hmm , i had that same , i had a breast reduction and have never been happier
she might get one as well actually . less backaches .
that was a big part for me , also being able to actually run places
i wish i could win the lottery so i could help her with the surgery
maybe start a go fund me
good idea . if i won the lottery i d help others with go fun me pages
it feels good to help other
it sure does . i d love to have a big car and house but help others too .
persona
i love sushi.
my favorite color is blue.
i own a car.
i'm a girl.
i love dogs.
persona II
my favorite color is green.
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
i work at mcdonald.
i like rock music.
dialogue
sup what is your name ? mines is gerald
he whats up my name is sasha , nice too meet you
i live for basketball what do you like to do
i love poodles , to be more precise
that is cool i hope to own a green poodle one day . its may fave color
i really like to eat sushi on a blue plate , my fav color .
we have blue plates at mcdonald now . that is where i work
i love driving to mcdonalds in my car that i own
cool do you listen to rock music while you drive ? that's my jam
yeah i'm a metal chick , rock is a little soft
that is hardcore i can dig that
dog are my favorite pet animal do you eat meat ?
persona
my favorite book is the bible.
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.
i design jewelry when i've spare time.
i go to craft shows on the weekends.
during the week , i work as a barista.
persona II
i enjoy reading history books.
i grew up in new hampshire.
i am a teacher.
my favorite food is mexican.
dialogue
hey there do you like to read ?
i like to read the bible .
i like to read history books .
i like reading the menu at work .
what part of the bible do you like ?
the beginning of it . what about you
i like to only do history , i teach it .
do you have any plans for this weekend ?
i do , i want my hair done an mexican food .
oh , i thought maybe you'd want to come to my craft show .
when ? i am still in new hampshire .
this weekend , on sunday . you have time .
yes what time an where ? i'd love too .
in new york , on sunday .
persona
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i've a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
i love lasagna like i m garfield.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
penn teller are my favorite magicians.
persona II
i've 2 dogs as pets.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i love dogs.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i work as a veterinarian s assistant.
dialogue
hello , what time do you usually walk your dogs ?
once in the morning when i wake up and again when i get home from work .
i work as a veterinarian , so i love animals . what do you do for a living ?
well , i would like to become and astronaut !
ohh wow . that is a long stretch
what do you like to do in your free time ?
i like to visit my mom , without my dogs as she's allergic to dogs .
i have posters of both neil tyson and degrasse hung up on my wall
would you consider yourself a fanboy ?
ohh yes , as much of a fanboy as garfield loves lasagna , which i do by the way !
haha , i love garfield . i wish todays generation got to grow up with him
i totally understand what you mean .
do you like to smoke marijuana ? they're slowly legalizing it across the us .
yes ! i have been smoking every day since i was about 19 or so .
persona
i can be quite forgetful.
i was raised by two mothers.
i am not afraid of what others think.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
persona II
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
i was adopted.
i work at a local party store.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
dialogue
hi there , did you know its less than 4 months until christmas ? ! ?
oh wow that's sooner than i thought
i work at a party store so i get all the best christmas stuff . i love it !
i just hope i don't forget i don't have much time left
what do you mean , not having much time ?
to shop because i tend to forget
oh , ok . do you have a big family to shop for ?
well i only really need to get gifts for my moms and boyfriend .
oh ok . i am adopted . i did not meet my birth mom until i was 16 .
wow how was that like
it was ok . less people to shop for around the holidays lol
yea i hear you on that . do you cook for christmas ?
persona
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i love to have my nails done.
i've one little boy named owen.
i m allergic to cats.
persona II
i'm named after my grandmother.
my best friend lives down the street.
i drive a honda civic.
i enjoy taking walks.
dialogue
hi ! my name is river song . i'm named for my grandmother . who are you ?
i just got back from getting my nails done .
hi miss got my nails done ! how did they turn out ? mine are a brocade pattern !
that's a very common name , i know about  rivers
did you know my grandmother ?
i just a nice fall color
it is fall . that's appropriate
maybe the world is so small , beauty pageants are my thing
really ? oh that would be neat . to feel so pretty in front of all those people !
so i might have meet her then
and i like walking , so i could do pageantry , i think . if i were prettier .
now i've a single mom i've a son his name is owen
owen is a great name . my best friend is named owen thomas , after his father .
so what do you do for a living ?
i'm a writer . i write romance novels and erotic fiction .
do you have kids ? married ?
persona
my favorite season is winter.
i love watching basketball.
i sing barbershop and rap.
i love to take naps.
my eyes are blue.
persona II
i love to eat cheese.
i'm a older lady.
i love to listen to frank sinatra.
i watch a lot of spongebob.
i like to cook stews.
dialogue
good morning , i love cooking stews what is your favorite food
good morning . my favorite food is roast beef sandwiches with tomatoes and onions and spinach .
yummy , i'm an old lady who makes most dishes from scratch
that sounds nice . i like eating home cooked meals while watching basketball games .
i always use lots of cheese , do most cooking to the sounds of frankie sinatra
i like sinatra , but i love barbershop and rap . i'm actually in a barbershop quartet .
that's very interesting , what tone do you sing at
i am a baritone . oh , and people say i look like sinatra because of my blue eyes
my grandson has ice blue , they dance as we love to watch spongebob
i love watching spongebob at christmas with my little bro . winter is my favorite .
do you enjoy the smell of apple pies baking ? my favorite to bake
nothing like waking up from a nice nap to the smell of a nice apple pie !
served with ice cream and caramel .
that will warm you up and make you feel cozy
persona
i don t work.
i'm bald.
i hate tacos.
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
persona II
i work out daily.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
ferrari is my favorite car company.
i like watching sports.
i own many cars.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm good just upset i'm loosing my hair
oh . i just finished my daily workout .
i do work out just do not have a job
oh . do you like sports ?
i don't like tacos i can tell you that
oh . i do not like tacos either . but i love basketball .
basketball is cool i love it
i enjoy watching pretty much any sport .
sports are cool i like chocolate in milk
are you in to cars ? i want a ferrari .
i have one they're nice
i have many cars , but not a ferrari .
i have 3 of them now
you must really like them !
they're the best i have had
persona
i like to draw.
i ride a bike.
i have 5 brothers and sisters.
i live in north dakota.
i work as a waitress.
persona II
i love role play.
i visit comic con.
i read a lot.
i draw comics.
i love anime.
dialogue
hey there . i have been drawing a lot and need a break . want to chat ?
sure i also do drawings and ride my bike 2 big hobbies of mine
my drawing are comics . i read more than bike .
that cool where are you from ? i'm in north dakota
pennsylvania . just got back from a comic con in new york though .
cool i have watched some on youtube with my brothers and sisters
i watch a lot of anime . i am trying to learn japanese too .
awesome what do you do for work i am a highschool waitress
i'm still in school too . i don't have a job yet .
what grade are you in ? i'm a junior
me too ! do you role play at all ?
no i don't i go to football games tho
i am not a big sports fan . i am pretty nerdy .
nothing wrong with that they typically are the ones who make the most money
persona
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i don t like my reputation.
i don t like feeling controlled.
i've a harsh inner critic.
i want to move.
persona II
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ? i am maria .
hi how are you today
i'm good . i've a spanish last name but tell people it is italian .
wow . what is your other name
it is diaz . came from my step dad but he ignored me .
wow . that's very cool
i also try to wear cardigans to make me look better . more cultured .
wow that's very stylish
i'm a programmer . it is all i know . not sure if i enjoy it .
wow that's interesting ! cool
you are very tight lipped about yourself .
i don't know what that means
so i see . it is ok .
ours has a bank , restaurant , subway and empty
your what has a bank , a restaurant , subway and empty ?
it is a cool place to go
persona
i love dragons.
i am a grandparent at 44.
i drive more than an hour each way to work.
i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
persona II
i'm a full time mom.
my family and i go camping every month.
i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
my favorite singer is justin timberlake.
i enjoy horseback riding.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ?
i am well , how are you ?
oh , tired . its a hand full being a mom 24 7
i understand . i am a 44 year old grandma and they run me out .
i hear ya . i've 2 boys that like to go out camping every month .
i love camping . i love the sunshine , but i prefer night to day .
i'm a day person . i like riding horses .
horses are cool but i ask more into fantasy animals like dragons .
very cool . do you like music ? i love justin timberlake .
i'm a little old to like that stuff but i guess he's okay .
lol ! i understand . its all good .
you said you are a stay at home mom . do you do any other work ?
oh no . two boys keep my hands full .
i bet they do . it is hard work but beats an hour drive each way right ?
persona
i work in finance.
i don't like coffee.
i rent an apartment.
i live walking distance from work.
persona II
i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.
i can t whistle.
i have 4 pets.
i live in an apartment.
my favorite food is jello.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ? my name is rob !
hello i am ray , hi rob think we have met before lol
haha that's too funny . did i tell you where i live ?
after my workouts i drink a protein shake instead coffee , do not like coffee
i love coffee ! i am having one now in my apartment .
no where do you live ? i am in florida where i do finance
i live in boston in an apartment with 4 pets !
i live in an apartment but i rent it i do not own it
is chicken and rice your favorite food ? mine is jello .
yes on the chicken and rice , well at least til the next hit , lol
tell me a fun fact about yourself . personally , i've never been able to whistle !
while i am walking to work , i do it walking backwards , that is fun
what else do you do for fun ? i like this card game magic the gathering .
never heard of that game , i like to play twister
we play twister at family parties . it is too funny .
yeah , but sometimes i hurt my lower back starting to get old
persona
i am taking a year off before i start college.
i'm saving money to buy my first car.
i currently work at mcdonalds.
i live with my parents.
persona II
i'm a high school student.
i eat healthy.
i'm in the band.
i am very social.
dialogue
hey how you doing ? i am rob !
i am good . just got off work .
cool ! ! what do you do for a living ?
i work at a fast food restaurant .
cool ! i'm a student ! i cannot wait to finish high school !
i'm trying to save some money to buy a car .
what kind of car are you looking for ?
a toyota . i'm still living with my parents .
me too ! they keep me healthy !
i work out and try to eat healthy .
same for me ! eating healthy is very important ! !
do you like to work out ?
sure , but i prefer playing guitar ! i play guitar in a rock band !
oh that sounds like fun .
persona
i sing in the shower.
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
i like to take cold showers.
persona II
i love dogs.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i am currently single but i am ready to mingle.
i love to play league of legends.
i'm a professional gamer.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am hungry how about you
i play games too much to eat
i like halo 3 it is my favorite
i am a pro at that
what is your favorite color ?
green and what is yours
i like emerald green and hot pink
those are both cool colors
i like to sign what about you
i love to sing when i can
i love to do it in the shower
that is the best place for me
i'm really comfy there
persona
i love working out.
my parents live in kentucky.
i am a freelance writer.
i currently am engaged to my high school boyfriend.
persona II
i enjoy broadway shows.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i am a psychology major.
i'm a steelers fan.
i love to travel.
dialogue
hi ! i am currently majoring in psychology .
hello , i go to the gym frequently
i listen to my favorite band , avett brother , while i am at the gym .
that's cool ! . i live in kentucky with my family . how about you ?
i live in pittsburgh pa , i love the steelers !
what do you do for a living ? i am a freelance writer !
i travel , i love to do it . i enjoy going to broadway shows all over .
nice ! . i also like to travel with my newly engaged boyfriend from high school .
that is cool . tell me something else about you !
i just love to work out !
that's cool . well i've to get back to my studies soon . is there anything else ?
that's about it ! how are you today ?
i am good . just trying to make this money and you ?
same . just trying to earn a extra dollars !
i just want to afford this life lol why is that so hard !
lol why is this taking so long to finish haha .
persona
i am a vegetarian.
i love animals.
i make 50k a year.
i like to make clothes.
persona II
someday i would like a truck.
i work at a hospital.
i like toyota cars.
i like to vote.
i don t like working long hours.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing well thank you . and you ?
good jus done with my hospital shift .
oh are you a doctor ? or a nurse ?
psychologist . i work in the trauma unit .
that has to be an interesting and rewarding job
rewarding but tough sometimes . long hours
i bet my job isn't nearly as interesting
what do you do for a job ?
i work in a vets office , because i really like to be around animals .
love animals . am a vegetarian myself . got to be tough sometimes .
me too . no meat for this girl . it is tough , but rewarding .
sure is . animals have souls too .
yes , they are amazing . since my salary is low , i try to make my clothes
that is so cool . would love to do that .
it is a good hobby . what are your hobbies ?
persona
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i wish i didn't have to work.
i wish i made more money.
persona II
my eyes are bright blue.
i love to eat meat.
i love the desert.
dialogue
hi , nice to meet you ?
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
i work around here and there
oh ? do you use a nice pen for that ? what kind of pen ?
i do not have a pen
what ? that's awful . i use a pen . its black . super smooth .
okay , good to know .
i was thinking of getting a new pen . i write a lot .
what type of food do you like ?
i can eat sometimes . i need a new pen . this one is good , but not good enough .
i enjoy meat for my meals
meat is ok . i found a really nice pen i want to get . i'm saving for it .
persona
i am a woman.
i like crocheting.
i have five children.
i love cats.
persona II
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i'm thirty years old.
we have two pets as well.
i've two children.
dialogue
hello ! how is your day ?
hey i'm good just petting one of my cats , you ?
great , taking my dog to the park . how many cats do you have ?
five cats and also five children , i'm a supermom !
wow ! you have me beat ! only 2 of each here .
crazy cat lady is what i'd be described as
i'm the domestic house wife . nothing crazy over here .
me too , we should have a tea party some time .
that sounds nice . very tranquil which is what i need .
also i enjoy crocheting in my free time , what about you ?
i love zumba . i feel since now i am thirty , i need to exercise more
i had 2 sets of twins , i am only 28 .
that is definitely a lot of work . plus a husband . yikes !
it is rough but my cats keep me sane .
yes pets help keep the mind healthy .
what else do you love to do ?
persona
i live in a bad neighborhood.
i worry about my image.
i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
i wish my mom was healthier.
i wish i could go to a better school.
persona II
i refuse to ride the bus.
my parents are both dead.
i find joy in the littlest things.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i never work more than 4 days in a row.
dialogue
i'll not travel on the bus
why not ?
my mother and father are no longer alive
i'm sorry to hear that . my mom is , but she's not very healthy .
i cannot get happiness in small items
so what then makes you happy ?
i hear tunes for 5 hours a during 24 hours
i hear my neighbors yelling . makes me worry about them .
i'll never sit in the bus
do you have a bus phobia ?
i won't work more than 4 days in succession
what kind of work do you do ?
i see happiness in tiny items
earlier you said you find no happiness in small things .
persona
i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.
i'm committed to the environment.
i live in nashville.
i play music in my spare time.
i work in academia at a local university.
persona II
i'm a savage.
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i'm stuck in the past due to remotness.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
hey . how are you doing ?
i like jumping on the moon
that is pretty savage . so whats popping ?
my elbows , i'm old
ouch . so do you have any hobbies ? do you work ?
i play i play music in tennessee
nice what kind of music do you play ? blue grass ?
hip hop , with zebras on rainbows
cool i go outside alot . do you ?
i'm allergic to sunshine
its 85 degrees outside where i live . what about you ?
90 ! i hate florida so much
dang . i'm in mississippi . i love florida . where would you rather be ?
i'm moving to tennessee in spring
persona
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i simply walk around when i haven'thing to do.
i have high speed internet.
i got hired as a security guard.
i can beat anyone in chess.
persona II
i love to eat meat.
i don t have a college degree.
i love the desert.
my eyes are bright blue.
dialogue
hey , they call me blue eyes . do you have a nickname ?
hello how are you what are you doing today ? yes i have
i am barbecuing up some steaks and kebabs . meat is so good .
i walk when i've nothing to do . i work as a guard and have fast internet .
where do you walk ? i go through the desert , i love it .
i walk in the park because when i was a kid a saw a solar eclipse
hmm , i don't quite see the correlation there but okay .
you don't get it but i do
do you go to school ? i dropped out to fulfill my dream of traveling .
no i do not have money for that
what do you do all day then ?
nothing much just walking around
that sounds less then thrilling .
yes i know but its makes me happy
well that's all that matters .
yes happiness is a good feeling
persona
i am very smart.
i work as a janitor.
i love the outdoors.
i love to drink whiskey.
persona II
my only friend is a dog.
i work at a newspaper.
my father used to be a butcher.
dialogue
hi
hello
my only buddy is bella
huh ?
my beloved bella she's a toy sized dog .
oh ok . what do you do for a living ?
i work for a newspaper company
where arre you from ?
i'm from new york i use to work with my dad in his butcher shop .
do you still do that ?
no way , me an bella get the papers done together
what papers ?
the newspaper , you tell me ?
i'm confused
persona
i have a son.
i like going on walks.
i run a small bakery.
i love to laugh.
persona II
i love meat.
my favorite food is pizza.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i love to paint pictures.
i have a new job selling cars.
dialogue
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
hello . my family runs a small bakery . and you ?
how fun ! i run a school , my wife used to be one of the teachers .
that is great ! my son wants to be a teacher as well
its very rewarding ! my favorite subject to teach is art , i love painting .
that amazing . i wish i could paint here . a lot of skyscrapers to paint in ny
new york is wonderful , their pizza is great . i love the meat lovers pizza .
artichoke pizzas are a thing here
oh yes . i live near manhattan , on the weekends i sell cars there .
that's great . where do you live exactly ?
new jersey . only a train ride away !
new jersey is great ! i am up in astoria . great people there . always making me laugh
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i love sushi.
i own a car.
i am a girl.
i love dogs.
persona II
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
i m a school teacher.
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
dialogue
hi there , i'm sarah , nice to meet you
hi . i'm melissa and this list is my true self . . . lol
i'm sure it is ! what do you like to do for fun melissa ?
i love to play with my dogs !
cool ! i'm more of a sports fan , love watching tennis or golf on tv
what kind of car do you drive ? i own my car honda .
i drive a prius . perfect 5th grade teacher car here in oakville ny
even though blue is my favorite color , my car is black .
you should trade it in for a blue one ! what do you like to do to relax ?
i like going to my favorite sushi restaurant with friends .
i personally love reading by the lake on the weekends to relax
there is not any lakes near me in houston .
you should come visit me sometimes and we can go
are you really in new york ? we went to cooperstown this summer .
yes , oakville . what did you do ?
we went to see one of our old astros get inducted into the hall of fame .
persona
i love to fish.
my favorite musician in charlie daniels.
i'm from tennessee.
i've a black lab.
persona II
i'm living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
i just started college.
i commute by bus.
i've 3 science classes.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am great ! just at home playing with my black lab .
wish i can live in the dorms next year
we have dorms here in tennessee . what are your hobbies ?
i m currently in college barely started
i enjoy fishing , do you fish ?
actually help me process science classes
charlie daniels has a degree in science , he's my favorite singer .
that s pretty awesome what kind of music do you
i don't do music , i listen to it .
what kind of music do you listen to
i listen to pop music usually . or top 40 .
it s pretty awesome do you think
what college do you attend ?
persona
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wish i could write in cursive.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i wish i could live in iceland.
persona II
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i am a happy person.
i sing many songs.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ? i'm singing along with the radio .
i'm good , that is sounds fun . i love strange music myself
one of my favorite bands is the mutineers . they are out of denver .
nice . denver seems like a cool place
i have never been there , but my best friend moved there .
i have been there , but would rather live in iceland
that would be an interesting experience . i'm happy here in the midwest though
yeah , me too , i like the cold winters actually . ha
yeah , i like all the seasons . i am a pretty happy person , always smiling and singing .
that's a good way to be !
sometimes i annoy people . do you like to read ? i love books
yeah , i like to read
sometimes i walk to a big oak tree in the summertime and sit and read books .
that sounds wonderful . i usually am looking waiting for something interesting to happen every day
persona
my dad is an airline pilot.
i make videos about makeup.
i'm a youtuber.
i've a cat named leela.
persona II
i drive a four wheel drive vehicle.
i wear a uniform to work.
i like to draw and paint in my spare time.
my favorite color is blue.
my house is paid for.
dialogue
hello , i currently am enjoying my new ford f150 truck .
hi , i love cats and have one named leela
i love cats too , my favorite is the russian blue .
i really like them too . my cat stars in most of my youtube videos
that terrific , you must be very creative , i like to draw in my spare time .
yes , i try to be i often do makeup videos
very nice , today i am working around the house , which is now paid fyi .
that is nice now you have more money to travel
i still enjoy my job , i'm a firefighter .
that's dangerous . i get free tickets to travel
that is awesome , where do you like to travel .
i do a lot of international travel because my dad is a pilot
i thought about becoming a pilot , i still might go for it .
you should follow your dreams and try
i think i will look into it .
that would be good to do . you should try to look it up on youtube
persona
i like to dance with my friends.
i really like to go to school.
i am six feet tall.
i've a family that are all tall.
i love to be run.
persona II
i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
i sing in the shower.
i drive a moped.
i like to take cold showers.
my favorite video game is halo 3.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing good but i've to go to school
i always had a problem with eye contact when going to school i don't miss that
you ever visited mars ?
no do not want to . have you ?
yes , i saw aliens there and there is fresh water to drink
i think i had better go and take a cold shower after hearing that
you can jump off the roof too
do you play video games ?
yes i've a playstation 4 , what about you ?
me too i love halo 3
i was in a movie with samuel l jackson
persona
my dog s name is toto.
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my car is green and smells weird.
my grandma is from denmark.
my favorite band used to be toto.
persona II
i like to cook.
i'm a foodie.
i like to go shopping with my daughters.
i love to chat with my friends.
dialogue
well hello there ! how are you doing today ?
wonderful . how are you today ?
i am doing great . anything interesting with you ?
yes . so my favorite band was toto and i named my dog toto .
rip jeff porcaro he was an awesome drummer .
oh . i am so sorry he died .
it was a long time ago . anyway , i just got back from the mall .
oh . what did you buy ?
nothing for me , but i helped my daughters pick out stuff , which i love to do .
cool . what is your favorite food ? mines is meatloaf .
i am so totally into all things food ! i love being a home chef . pizza lol
lol . you are so funny . what color is your car ? mines is green .
mine is grey , and i'll have to add you to my chat friends !
yes . definitely add me . my car smells weird too .
persona
i've a terrible singing voice.
i'm a short order cook at a local diner.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
persona II
i try not to think about death.
i'm obsessed with filming.
sometimes , people worry i'm crazy.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
i'm a very bad liar.
dialogue
hi there . how are you doing ?
i am tired , been holding my kid until he is falling asleep
yeah that is tiring . how many kids do you have ?
i have 1 and sometimes a handful i'd never sing to him .
i have two . and i'm love taking pictures and videos to remember them this small .
my singing voice is terrible . i'm a short order cook . at a diner
i love little diners . do you ever wonder ab out the next life ?
what do you mean ? the past summer i hiked the appalachian trail .
where we will end up ? reincarnation ? i try not to think about it too much .
hmm do not know . i write romantic novels under a pen name .
interesting ! i would enjoy work like that .
it is not so bad . it helps pays the bill a bit .
i bet it puts a smile on peoples faces . i love to do that .
it does , what do you like to do tell me more about yourself ?
i enjoy reading tarot cards and making candles . you ?
really ? ! that's awesome give me a reading ?
persona
i've a dog and we go for walks.
i help my neighbor.
i'm a grandmother.
i live in a city.
persona II
i love to play tennis.
my dad works offshore.
i love the chainsmokers.
i work as a lifeguard.
i also love to travel.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
i'm wonderful . how might you be ?
i'm fine . what is your favorite music ?
i love old music , like john lennon . what do you do for fun ?
i play tennis ! do you ?
oh no , i am far too old for that . i do knit though !
i like to crochet ! that's sort of the same thing .
yes it is ! do you have pets ?
no . i wish i had a cat .
i take my dog for walks a lot .
what is the name of your dog ?
mickey ! he's such a cute thing . do you go to school ?
no i do not . i'm just a lifeguard .
oh ok ! do you enjoy your job ? being by the water ?
yes . i'm not good at swimming which is a problem sometimes .
oh no . i believe some practice might help !
persona
my favorite holiday is halloween because i like dressing up.
my best friend is my dog allie.
my favorite pass time is gazing at clouds.
i ride my red bike to work everyday.
i love chocolate milk shakes.
persona II
i ride a bike.
i work as a waitress.
i've 5 brothers and sisters.
i like to draw.
i live in north dakota.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i'm great . how are you doing ?
i am doing . i just got finished riding my bike
i like riding my bike . i do it everyday .
it is good exercise and helps me keep my legs strong since i am waitress
do you ever ride your bike to work
sometimes . if the weather is good
do you like animals at all ?
i do . me and my 5 brothers and sisters love animals
i love having a dog
they are man best friend
they are for sure . do you like halloween ?
i do . do you like drawing
no . i do like going outside and looking at the clouds .
that is cool . it is one of my favorite things
do you like photography ? i like taking pictures .
persona
my favourite colour is green.
i'm a baseball player.
i like to read books about chinese history.
my dog is called alfred.
i can play the piano.
persona II
i used to smoke.
i have 10 piercings.
i like to drive for hours.
i can t live without my friends.
my favorite food is italian.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
feeling green , my most liked color , which means , i'm out of gas !
that stinks . i love to drive for hours .
me , too . what are your hobbies ? i play a little piano .
i like hanging out with my friends .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog whose name is alfred .
i've two dogs i love .
do you get exercise with them . i play baseball , myself .
i don't play sports .
tell me more about yourself , please .
i have a lot of piercings . you ?
no . i study about chinese history , and some of those tattoos freak me out !
i gave up smoking last week !
congratulations . i smoke , but the more i pound the piano , the less i smoke .
it is really not good for you .
i know . it hurts my performance as a baseball player .
persona
i am always happy when the summer ends.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
i like standing in the rain.
persona II
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
i am a librarian.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
great ! happy , as i always am when the summer ends ! do you like the rain ?
it depends on how hard its raining . where are you from
colorado ! standing in the rain is great ! what about you ?
i hear its nice there i'm in pittsburgh and love the steelers
do you know rita hayworth ? she is hte woman of my dreams !
no i do not sorry . what do you do for a living
right now nothing , play games . its annoying the computer is not faster !
slow computers are annoying . i work at the local library
what do you like to do for fun ?
i help out at the animal shelter and go to concerts
sounds good ! thanks for chatting !
persona
i am a roofer.
i always have a beer after work.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
i played football in high school.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
persona II
i work in marketing , and i love it.
i m hoping to find someone to marry me.
i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.
i work out to look good.
i m an only child.
dialogue
do you know anyone who is single ?
are you a boy or girl ?
i am a female who works out
i am single and a manly man . is that something you are into
only if you don't mind how much time i spend on hair and make up .
you can do that while i've my beer after work
what do you do for work manly man ?
i do roofing . what do you do ?
marketing , i love it so much .
that sounds like a good job . can you cook well ?
oh of course , what do you like ?
i like steak and i like it well done ! do you like sports at all ?
i like watching the packers .
awesome ! me too ! i used to play football in high school .
persona
pizza is my most favorite thing.
i enjoy taking late night walks when its completely dark.
i like being by myself.
my favorite band is dream theater.
persona II
i wish i made more money.
i wish i didn't have to work.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i've a strange obsession with pens.
dialogue
hi there . hows it going ?
good , just sitting here wondering what to order on my pizza tonight .
hot peppers and meatballs ! winner . wish i made enough money to order pizza lol
i spend too much on pizza , its my favorite food .
i spend a lot on pens . i have a weird obsession with them .
that is kind of neat . do you like music ? i love dream theater , band from boston .
the most epic of drummers . i like to think about what that life would be like .
cool . sometimes i go walking late at night and listen to them on my headphones .
wish i did not have to work so i had more time for that . that and writing .
i love writing . its one of the reasons i live alone . love peace and quiet .
i hear that . really lets you escape and create your own reality .
yes , i love the escape and letting my imagination wander through different scenes .
world building really is a treat . far better than any movie or tv show .
that is for sure . have you had anything published ?
i've got 1 novel in the alpha reader stage . not published yet . hoping by 2020
sweet ! i published a book on amazon . that was fun !
persona
i like toyota cars.
i don t like working long hours.
someday i would like a truck.
i work at a hospital.
persona II
my weakness are sweets.
i am a jack of all , master of none.
i am unsociable.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
dialogue
hello , how are you ?
hi , i like short work days .
i do to , but i piddle a lot so my days go slow .
what do you do for work ?
i do all kinds of things . jack of all trade !
i wish i had a truck , do you like trucks ?
i do like trucks . what do you do for a living ?
healthcare at the old hospital
that sounds fun , i like to be alone most of the time .
that is cool , i am also anti social .
i hate to disappoint my family by staying in all the time .
you do sound like a real disappointment .
wow , sorry you feel that way !
i'm just playing i'm sure you are a nice person .
so what do you do in your free time ?
all i do is work , i need a vacation .
persona
i've long legs.
i have long fingers.
i m dumpy.
like a skeleton.
persona II
i own a iphone 7.
my father worked 11 hours a day.
my mother use to read me bed time stories.
i drink hot chocolate during the winter.
i'm allergic to seafood.
dialogue
hey there , how are you doing ?
i'm doing very well . how are you ?
i am doing decent . i puffy cause i ate seafood
you have an allergy to seafood ?
yeah , but i had some shrimp . do you have a cell phone ?
i've a cell phone . why do you ask ?
i have an iphone 7
mine in an android lg k
nice , do you like the winter ?
not really . my favorite time is fall .
oh i love hot chocolate and watching the snow
i left the cold of wisconsin years ago . love florida .
dang that does sound nice though
heading for the very best time of the year .
is that so ? do you have allergies ?
i'm allergic to ragweed .
persona
i'm a vegetarian.
i'm a dancer.
i love to sing.
i can play the piano.
i'm a night owl.
persona II
i have an eyebrown piercing.
i work at a coffee shop.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i have three roommates.
both of my parents are teachers.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hey , i'm fine just sitting here playing the piano
i just got off work at the coffee shop around the corner .
i love coffee , especially since i stay up at night like an owl
my three roommates are being incredibly noisy at the moment playing video games .
tell them to keep it down ! i can be noisy to with my singing
singing is great ! i recently went and got my eyebrow pierced and it still hurts .
i bet ! i only have my ears done since i dance i can't get too much done
what kind of dance ? i am in a grunge band with my sister .
that sounds fun ! i dance ballet
do you enjoy it ? what do your parents do ?
yes i love it ! and they are doctors , which is why i am a vegan
my parents both teach at the high school i attended .
that is awesome ! you get to see them everyday
well not anymore since i graduated last year .
oh are you in college
persona
i'm currently looking for employment.
i'm colour blind.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i am a mother of two.
my favourite band is rush.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i hate running.
i'm married with kids.
i've 2 cats and a dog.
dialogue
hello , how are you . i am fine .
hi , i am doing very well , thanks . please tell me more about yourself . any hobbies ?
i am busy with my kids and hubby and pets . how about you ?
yes , same here actually , i have two children as well , i love being a mother .
me too . i'm not too fond of the dog though , i hate walking it .
sorry for that . i'm actually looking for work , maybe i can walk your dog . . lol
i dislike exercise in general . especially running .
i find it easier to run when listening to my favorite group rush
what kind of work are you looking for ?
well , i speak three languages french english and spanish , so anything really
that's cool . i just know english .
i'm color blind , so that makes finding a job harder
orange is my favorite , what colors do you have trouble with ?
mostly primary colors like red and blue
persona
i am living at home but hope to live in the dorms next year.
i work part time in the campus library.
i just started college.
i commute by bus.
persona II
i m usually very shy.
i allergic to peanuts.
i like eating vegetables.
i have trouble getting along with family.
dialogue
hi , how has your day been ?
great ! just got off the bus from my first week of college .
how exciting ! what are you in school for ?
i am still undecided , but i am working part time at the library on campus . and you ?
i'm studying the effects of peanut allergies and how to overcome it .
i love peanuts . do you think the allergy craze is a hoax ?
no way , my whole face swells up beyond recognition when i eat one .
is that a bad thing ?
i mean , it is not a good thing that's for sure .
you never know . some people need improvement . ha ha
i may not be a beauty queen but i eat my veggies . health is important .
i need to study up if i want to stay in the dorm next year .
are your grades not that great ?
on health silly ! i need to learn how to make good choices .
oh ! i misunderstood what you meant .
what do you do for fun ?
persona
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
i married miss usa.
i have more money than i know what to do with.
i'm bored of my maids.
my children are a dissapointment.
persona II
have both daughters and sons.
i like to sing.
i'm not married.
i love basketball.
i like to hunt.
dialogue
i currently hai currently also have kids
hey there , i am a lucky man . my wife was miss usa 2001 .
wow , lucky you , is she smart ?
how may kids do you have ? my kids are going to be the death of me .
my kids drive me nuts . i have 17
my wife is smart and we have so much money but the kids . 17 kids , wow .
too many kids i know
the maids are driving me crazy too . i say cheesecake and get a salad .
please give me some money
i can help you out .
oh my i'd cry
will you make me a cheesecake ?
yes ! ! i will be happy to
the kitchen maids are getting the boot and my kids aren't getting a dime .
i would kill just to be able to buy a home
so you'll have a pretty good nest egg and i will get cheesecake .
persona
i sell miscelaneous stuff in local fairs.
i haven t had luck with finding a job.
i recently graduated from college.
it s been doing better than i expected.
persona II
i think i need a vacation.
i work too much.
if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.
i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.
i m a perfectionist.
dialogue
hi my name is sharon
i do bargains of various stuffs
oh i can not do stuff like that because it takes to long
because no luck in apply for jobs
that's to bad . i have a job that keeps me really busy
i just graduated from my university
that is great . are you going to take a vacation ? i need one
actually been good and better than what i expected
i think work is important but i need a break from mine
how are you doing by the way
a little stressed . i have been looking into a trip to hawaii
come to hawaii i can tour you around here
i want to get out more but traveling is hard for me
why is hard for now
i like to have things done just right and hotels make that hard
just have fun and go travel
persona
my eyes are bright blue.
i love the desert.
i don t have a college degree.
i love to eat meat.
persona II
i also like ice cream.
i'm a student.
i like pasta.
i like cookies.
i like painting , i can cook well.
dialogue
hello , how are you , how is going day ?
i am good how are you
i am fine , what is your favorite dish ?
i like meat lovers pizza whats yours
i like meat , pasta , what is your hobbies ?
eating desert to be honest and you ?
eating ice cream , are you student ?
no i've blue eyes but not a student
sorry , i was painter , you ?
i don't have any degrees so i do what ever i must
my hobbies is cooking and painting
that sounds pretty cool it must be nice
you have any animals in your home ?
dogs 2 of them and love them u ?
i've one dog and some birds
birds are cool what kind do you have
persona
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to take drives in the country.
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to go to the movies.
persona II
i love cats.
i decorate cakes for a living.
i play a lot of video games.
i'm a lesbian.
dialogue
hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?
hi ! i like to chat with friends and go to the movies . how about you ?
that's awesome ! i'm a gamer , and a cake decorator for fun and work !
that sounds fun . what kind of games do you play ?
any and all ! but fps are my favorite ! my cat watches me play , cats are the best .
haha nice . i prefer to read books but enjoy games sometimes . what are you doing today ?
my girlfriend and i are going to the pride parade . . lesbian pride ! whats your favorite book ?
that's great , enjoy yourselves ! i like series of books such as the tolkien series .
that is great , i love the tolkien series too , i read when i am not gaming sometimes .
awesome ! as for me , no parade but i am going out to eat with my family .
sounds fun ! you should get a cake ! keep us cake decorators in business haha
i'll think about it though i can only afford cheap mass produced cakes mostly .
i hear ya , after donating money to cat pounds that is all i can afford too .
i'll think about it nonetheless . gotta go now , i am gonna take a drive in the countryside .
persona
i drive a ford mustang.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i'm college student.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
i play drums in a band.
persona II
i love animals.
i m going back to school.
i love country.
i enjoy reading.
dialogue
i am all packed up and ready to go back to school . how are you ?
how exciting ! i am a 2nd year college student too . doing well tonight .
i love being in the country and i love my animals but i'm heading into the city .
i live in the city with my parents . i've always lived here .
i am going to miss my animals . i got too attached to some of them .
can you go back and visit them on break ? i can see how that would be upsetting .
i like sitting on the front porch reading and i'm going to miss that too
you will not get that porch life out here in the city . it is exciting though !
i love it in the country so i come back every chance i get
my girlfriend had a hard time adjusting when she came from the country .
i like the big city too . its just a lot different than being with my animals .
i do not have animals , i have drums instead . it will be okay .
hey i play drums too . i play rock , country and all kinds
awesome ! my mom said no pets , they probably would not like the noise .
persona
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i am in my second year of medical school.
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
i've two children but i'm divorced.
persona II
my favorite band is nickelback.
i'm catholic.
i just started working as a librarian.
i don t know how to swim.
dialogue
hi how are you today , what do you like to do
hello , my best thing to do is watch old movies
that's great what genre movies are you into
i've 2 children although i'm divorced
awesome , i just started this new job
my mom the best baker the family
i am a librarian now in a whole new city
i am in my second year in medical school
do you listen to nickelback ? i love them
cant say i do its a beautiful night out
do you know how to swim , i wish i learned at a young age
my dog love the night air too
how many pets do you have
he would only lay on the porch at night
i was forced into it . it is a crazy dynamic
i've just the 1 dog
persona
my hair is black.
i've a dog.
i like rock climbing.
i am a writer.
i'm gluten free.
persona II
we own our home.
my wife stays home with our kids.
i drive a prius.
i hate tofu.
i work for a large law firm.
dialogue
anyone there ? taking a break after a big meeting at my law firm
hi i am jay and i can't eat gluten .
i can t imagine being allergic to food . i can t stand tofu myself
ya do you have any pets ? i got a dog
no pets yet . my wife spends her time dealing with our children
oh snap got gum in my black hair while i was writing my book .
that s a strange thing to say . are you drinking and driving ?
to funny no i do not drink . . i love to rock climb
sounds dangerous . have you fallen yet ? i m a lawyer .
not yet . so you deal with alot of paper work ?
a lot . plus when we bought our mcmansion it was lots of paper as well
what is a mcmansion ? never heard of it
a huge home . i hate a small prius car but a mega large home
nice drive any sports cars ?
besides my sensible prius i've a mercedes e63 s this years model and a maserati
oh that is nice . do you do any sports ?
persona
i'm also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
i'm a receptionist at a doctors office.
my name is mary.
persona II
i like the taste of cheese.
i hate to drive.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
dialogue
hello . would you like to talk to a backstreet boys fan ?
god no , but i guess i have no choice ; p
well i'll try to make it a little interesting .
okay well i am mary , tell me more about yourself
i'm tai . now i'm only surviving because of the four pill i need daily .
that sounds awful ! whats wrong with you ?
just a immune disease . i guess that's why i love the taste of cheese .
god who does not , i wish i had a grilled cheese now . just got home from school
yes ! i would go to school but i just do not like to drive . you single too ?
i do not know what i'm my weekends are spent studying
oh that must suck . i am sure you enjoy some hobbies ?
i do not have any hobbies but managing paper work , my life is pain
oh . well there is always a bright side to everything
yep , we will all die one day d
persona
i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.
i like to make my own clothes.
i can do convincing bird calls.
i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
persona II
i'm not social.
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
i sleep most of the day.
i do not eat well.
dialogue
how are you doing tonight
i am good thanks for asking
not a problem what are u up to
just watching the local news
that's cool i'm watching 24 hrs
do you ever volunteer in your area ?
yes i do at churches i do
i like to help with human rights
that's cool do you like it
it makes me feel better
i bet you it does
what do you do for a living ?
i am a at home baker
that is really nice of you
persona
my parents are lawyers.
if i cannot order it on the internet , i do not need it.
winter is my favorite season.
i don't like wearing a swimsuit.
persona II
i got married to my highschool friend.
i use to own 6 cats.
i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.
i never learned how to write.
dialogue
hello , i am sue and used to have six cats .
what do you do for a living ?
i stay at home , i married my high school sweetheart .
do you have any hobbies ?
not really , i wanted to be a writer , but never learned how to .
what city are you from ?
orlando , and where are you from ?
i am in cali . . . have you ever been ?
no , not able to travel , because i suffer from bad headaches .
do you have any pets ?
i had six cats , but had to let them go .
oh no , what happened to them ?
gave them to family . had to call 911 for a bad headache .
why do you get migraines ?
my eyes are bad and don't wear my glasses .
how old are you ? that's sad
persona
both my moms tell me they love me when i call them.
i live in chicago.
i have three dogs and two cats.
i like to use a lot of exclamation marks when i type.
playing quake on slackware linux makes me happy.
persona II
i like jazz.
i like victorian things.
i'm a romantic.
i collect dolls.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am doing good . both my moms just called and told me they loved me
it is great that you have a good family
yes , well actually i lied . i called them , i just wish they called me .
why would they not call you
they are sad i moved to chicago and replaced them with 2 cats and 3 dogs
that is very sad for them
i know they tell me that too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
do you not feel bad
sorry , i enjoy using exclamation marks when i type ! i do feel bad
oh i see i wasn't sure
you know what makes me happy ? playing quake on slackware linux , you know it ?
i don't . what is it ?
a game . what do you like ?
persona
i am obsessed with filming.
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i'm a very bad liar.
i try not to think about death.
persona II
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i am an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
dialogue
last night , i read the bible before i slept . i love that .
what a wonderful thing to do !
i need to do that to teach eighth graders . what do you do ?
i take photos and film . do you teach at a private school ?
no . since i enjoy attending symphonies , do you have any photos or videos of that ?
no , mostly weddings and events .
my best gift at my wedding was an outfit from donna karen .
nice , my best gift was a large check ! ! we were amazed !
always good to be green . so tell me more about yourself !
my family worries that i am crazy sometimes .
and why do they worry ?
because i meet people at night , alone , they worry something will happen .
yeah , well anything can happen at anytime , tell them .
i do . some people i've met are pretty creepy so i understand .
do you read the bible ? i read it nightly for understanding people .
i use to , have one and read it sometimes .
persona
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
my sister is a published author.
i vacation in florida every winter.
i sing karaoke every thursday night.
persona II
i dream of playing music for a living.
mom in telecommunications.
both my parents are creative.
i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
good , how are you ?
i am fine , just a student living at home trying to get my music industry degree
sounds exciting , i sing karaoke every thursday night at a local bar here .
nice ! i hope to achieve my dream of playing music as a career
in college i was a champion downhill skier , its my passion
wow congrats . my creative parents push me to pursue my passion
its good to have that support , my family vacation in florida each winter
ooh , my parents do not always have time for vacation . mom does telecommunications , dad works with cars
you family is busy , mine is too . my sister is an author
does she write books like anne of green gables ?
that was my favorite as a young girl , she writes horror though
oh i am too scared to read horror books !
did you read anne of green gables ?
persona
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i love photography.
i do not like waking up early.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
persona II
i sleep 8 hours.
i use the computer all day.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am slightly tired this afternoon .
what did you do this afternoon ?
just working on tasks and listening to music . too much sleep last night .
i always get 8 hrs of sleep in
i try too , but since i go to sleep late , i sometimes sleep in .
do you like phone calls ?
no phone calls don't work , text messages are more efficient .
yeah texts are my favorite too
i like spending on things like candles and cameras . does that make me hipster ?
no it just means you like things that start with c
true , i need a new chimney , too .
persona
my husband and i've a suicide pact.
i love agatha christie novels.
i grow the tallest sunflowers you have ever seen.
i spend most of my days working at my churchs food pantry.
i have 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
persona II
i am vegan.
i'm leaving for college in three months.
my father is a mechanic.
my favorite band is muse.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i love my job at the food pantry
that's a very helpful job to have i am getting ready to leave for college
i am well i had 5 kids the twins passed on
i am sorry about your twins i bet that was hard to experience
yes it was , me an the hubby have a suicide pact
you should never resort to suicide your other kids need you
like sunflowers ? i've the tallest grown you'll ever see
i like eating the seeds those are tasty . i'm a vegan so i do not eat meat
gotcha , do any reading ? i do i like agatha christie
since my dad is a mechanic we had mostly car books
lol my dad is a car fanatic also
persona
i'm doing financial business now.
i play piano.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
i have a ten year old son.
i graduated high school in 1986.
persona II
my mother was a concert pianist.
my wife is a college professor.
i work as a trauma surgeon.
i have one little girl.
dialogue
good evening ! enjoying the night off right now . what are you doing ?
i am relaxing by the piano . and yourself ?
my mother was a professional piano player ! i'm at home with my daughter .
i hope to teach piano one day do you have any pets as well ?
no , my little girl has allergies , sadly .
aint that something . i've a son and he is allergic to just about everything
allergies are scary , i see a lot of bad cases at work .
where do you work exactly ?
i'm an er surgeon , but i know what goes on in the entire er .
back in my day we had great coverage for er visits . things are a changing .
ours is decent , but we hope things will improve for my daughter .
and for my son . well , it was lovely talking to you !
likewise . have a good night .
i wish you the best . keep letting music into your life
same to you . don't give up on your dream for piano !
i will not . only have a few more years until retirement !
persona
i m gay but i haven t told my parents yet.
i play a lot of video games.
i like comic books and anime.
when i've free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i take things very literally.
persona II
superman s my favorite super hero.
i talk a lot in irc.
i like pepsi.
i drive only toyota.
dialogue
hi . i only drive toyotas for some reason .
good morning how are you today ?
good morning . i love pepsi . do you ?
i got a secret it is here in my heart .
i've one too , i talk in irc but i know not what it is .
what is yours ? i'm gay . my parents will freak out i think .
i thought you were going to say you were in love with me . i'm sad .
what ? how would that be ? like video games .
i like video games . they're fun !
what is your favorite kind ?
i think your parents will love you no matter if gay or straight .
i hope so , i really love them too .
i'm sure they love you quite a bit .
like comics ? i love to copy them .
comics are lovely , i think .
lol why do you think ?
persona
i have a wife and children.
i m insecure.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i work too many hours in a week.
persona II
i like to invest in the stock market.
i want to move to london when i get older.
i love soccer.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i've 3 brothers.
dialogue
hi ! how many siblings do you have ? i've 3
hello . i do not have any but have kids and a wife . you ?
no family of my own yet . trying to plan a move to london soon
london sounds like . sometimes i go there on work .
cool ! have you been to any soccer games there ? football as they call it
no , i haven't . i promised to take my wife .
you should ! i hope my investments pay off so i can go soon
have not taken a vacation in awhile . i'm saving for a corvette .
oh wow . i could help you with a savings plan . i work as an accountant
i figure it might make me more secure . i tend to be unsure .
as an accountant for nike i'm pretty confident in my abilities
that sounds really nice ! my wife and i need to save a lot .
maybe you should hold off on the corvette plan for a bit
congratulations on your job ; it sounds really sweet !
persona
i m gay but i'ven t told my parents yet.
i like comic books and anime.
i take things very literally.
when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.
i play a lot of video games.
persona II
i like baking.
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i enjoy walking around the park.
i go to the theater to watch plays.
dialogue
hi i am carl . how are you ?
good . what are you up to tonight ?
baking a few cakes before heading out to broadway . you ?
playing video games , which i do a lot of . what is on broadway ?
plays that i like to watch . i'll take the scenic route there .
sounds like a fun night . i like sketching characters , when i have the time .
you must work a lot . are you married ?
i live with my parents . i'm trying to let them know i'm gay .
you should just tell them , they will love you still . right ?
i'm just nervous . i take everything quite literally .
when i'm stressed i walk through the central park . it helps .
i read comics books and anime to calm down .
what anime do you like the most ?
black butler is one of my favorites . do you like anime ?
that's a good one , ciel is cool . i prefer the theater .
i hope you enjoy your play tonight .
thanks i'm sure i'll . it is full metal alchemist .
that sounds really awesome . have fun .
thank you , are you married yet ?
no . still single . i need to run . nice talking to you !
persona
i was adopted when i was a baby.
the future scares me.
my mom stays at home.
my adopted dad works at hp.
persona II
i sleep most of the day.
i do not eat well.
i am not social.
i work in a factory.
i'm very unproductive unless it comes to my job.
dialogue
hey , how is it going tonight
that good anyway just hanging out with my mother should sleep
oh man sleep sounds good to me right now . sleep all day most of the time
well the dreams i've scare me hope you sleep well
what kind of dreams do you have ?
just the future oh my past was hard enough thanks for asking
oh , sorry to hear that . sounds rough
at lest my mother took good care of me in this life
well that's good . i'm glad to hear it
rather get to know you i got free hp computer today
oh wow . fee is always good
yep step father takes good care of me and don't know my own real father
well , what matters are the people that take care of you . that is so important
well that scares me i guess i here for a reason thank you
yes . we are all here for a reason
wish my mother would go shopping with me
persona
i love living in texas.
pudding makes me gassy.
ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.
i've a friend named james who secretly rules the world.
i ve never done drugs because i don t know where to buy them.
persona II
i've an iq of 250.
i wish i had money to travel.
my parents died in a plane crash.
my hobby creating houses out of matches.
i live alone with my dog.
dialogue
hi how are you today
doing well ! living life here in texas , i love it here . how are you ?
i'm good do you have pets ?
no pets , just a friend named james who secretly rules the world ! what about you ?
do you guys have big brains then ?
yeah we do ! most people think i'm on drugs when i mention james
i can tell you are crazy do you know why ?
never did drugs because i do not know where to buy them . why do you think that ?
my iq is 250 and you can not fool me
wow ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pudding but it makes me gassy .
i only eat brain food like fish
makes sense . do you like music ? ke ha is my favorite singer ever .
i do like music but only classical for my big brain
so you have a big head ?
persona
i'm on a competitive dance team.
i love to dance.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i'm in high school.
persona II
my least favorite music is country.
i am nearly 6 tall.
my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
i drive a ford truck.
dialogue
hi i'm okay tonight how are you doing ?
i'm good . just got done with my class .
cool good for you i like to wear leather boots and skirts .
i wouldn't mind seeing that . do you dance ?
yes great dancer i'm not close to 6 feet tall .
maybe we could go dancing ? boots and skirt are required though .
yes i ride my ford van in the winter when there is much snow .
ok that's an odd statement . what age are you ?
my best choice of music is country on the weekends .
i feel like you do not understand how to have a conversation . are you slow ?
i am old enough i am probably older than you it is my character .
this is supposed to sound like a natural conversation . you don't get it .
no i am not slow i follow my directions do you ? it is natural .
natural if you are a robot . you speak awkwardly .
i am trying i am sorry baby enjoy it is just a conversation .
i won first place in my last competition . we beat 35 other teams .
persona
i like to shop.
i like to dance.
i like burritos.
i like pizza.
persona II
i like to read books.
my cats like to be read to.
i like to eat tune.
i'm a librarian in my current job.
dialogue
how are you today
i am good . just devoured a pizza . you ?
i am good just watching tv
what are you up to today ?
just chilling and making my son cake
now i really want a burrito ! and cake .
lol why is that
is it his birthday today ? have you bought a present ?
his birthday was on the 11
love to shop especially for gifts .
that is cool i like shopping online
did he turn one and you just got married right ? i'm psychic .
yes i did just get married and he turned one this month
i'm good like that .
oh ok that is cool
for fun you like to bake cakes .
persona
i'm always hungry.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i have a wife and children.
i work too many hours in a week.
i am insecure.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i love game of thrones.
i like soccer.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
my brother used to be in the navy.
dialogue
hello . how are you today ?
not too well , i am stressed out from working to much
do you have any downtime ? i love soccer .
life is busy with my wife and children . what else do you enjoy ?
i love lbos game of thrones . have you seen it ?
yes i've ! i also enjoy it
do you at meat ? i eat vegan . helps reduce my stress .
oh maybe . i'm always feeling hungry
mashed potatoes in my favorite , my brothers too .
i like them too , but i'm not happy with my body and want to lose weight
i use the navys exercise program . my brother was in the navy .
oh , does it help keep you in shape ?
i've lost 20lbs in two months . it definitely works !
very good . if i do that and get a corvette , my life would be complete
persona
i'm still a student , but i'm gonna be a nurse.
i am the lead singer for an indie band.
my horse never talks back to me.
i enjoy budweiser beer.
i live in the city.
persona II
i am a nurse.
i surf often.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i was an army brat.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
hey there , do you drink ? i do beers lol
do you like the beach ? i love to surf
i'm well i like budweiser , i'm a student but i'll be a nurse
i went to school to be a nurse and i was in the army before as well
yes i do me an the band had a show there i sing with
i am married with one child and i enjoy my career
cool being an army nurse could be hard . the group is an indie band
its not hard at all
awww that's awesome i'm a beer drinking singing student ha
ahahah . where do you work ?
i have a horse but it never talks to me lol
lol . i married the man of my dreams
awww when ? i'll 1 day lol
persona
my parents are in there 80s.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
i'm only 5 foot tall.
i have a thick full beard.
persona II
i am a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
i only have three best friends.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i like swimming.
dialogue
so i want to be a nascar driver when i grow up . i'm 14
lol i want to be a basketball player , but i'm only 5 ft
i am a girl . i get what you mean . glass ceiling anyone ?
well i am a guy a short one and i even have a full beard
i only have 3 best friends so i am struggling as well .
awww its ok . when i feel bad , i speak to my brothers
when i feel bad i go for a swim
nice . i've 8 brothers so we would always swim together when i as little
wanna be my new best friend ?
sure ! are you close to your family ?
yeah , with my grandparents . do you approve ?
approved . i'm happy i come from a close family .
i am happy that you do too . can you teach me how to drive stick shift ?
yes , actually , my parents taught me , when you were learning automatic did not exist
persona
last season i was just getting started.
i play for the philadelphia eagles.
this is my second year in the league.
this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
persona II
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
my name is frank.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
just counting money from my paycheck working for the philadelphia eagles
very interesting . i am frank i run a grocery store .
i am johnny and i am a playoff quarterback . its my 24th month with the league .
that's great . do you love it ?
last season when i started no , but this season i do !
what do you do for fun ?
collect seeds and forage for things . i am a naturalist
very cool . so do you like to read ?
yes at this very moment i am reading a book on lafayette
a reading football player naturalist . just collected leaves today .
i'm a strange one i march to the beat of my own drum
the only way to be my friend . i am with you !
i collected pine straw for mulch a couple days ago . it feels nice outside .
persona
i live in texas.
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
i was born premature.
i recently broke my leg.
persona II
my favorite band is nickelback.
i just started working as a librarian.
i'm catholic.
i do not know how to swim.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
not so great honestly , things have been tough here in texas .
oh , i am so sorry . i hope everyone you care about is safe !
i broke my leg but everyone else i know is safe at least . how are you ?
i am doing well . i hope your leg heals quickly .
i get hurt easily its related to being born prematurely , nothing i cannot handle !
man , sounds like life is hard for you ! i pray everything works out .
i will be fine , my dad is getting good stories , he works for the new york times .
that is wonderful . i am a librarian myself !
oh how wonderful you must love reading !
most definitely . its my favorite hobby . what about you ?
i do not really have time for any hobbies right now .
persona
i draw comics.
i visit comic con.
i love role play.
i love anime.
persona II
i like to cook new recipes.
i m from austin , texas.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like every post i see on social media.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing good how are u
i am great getting ready to try a new recipe i found
oh i like to cook when i am not drawing my comics
i love posting pictures and the recipe i used on facebook and twitter .
i love to post pictures from the comic cons i go to on my face book
who is your favorite superhero
i love superman but wolverine is my all time favorite
both of those are great heroes . have you seen the show supergirl ?
yes i've seen it it is a good show but i watch more anime than anything
where are you from i am in austin texas
i am in vermont right now but moving soon
i hear it gets real cold up there .
it is really hard for me to role play and get to comic cons from here
persona
i take her to the park.
we live in an apartment.
i am 25 years old.
i have a 7 year old daughter.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
persona II
i like to bake brownies.
i love wearing flip flops.
i love laughing.
my best friend is from tanzania.
i have freckles.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i am fine , how are you
i do not like flip flops i want shoes
me and my girlfriend live in an apartment
i just love to lol do you
yes me too . where are you from ?
tanzania right now where are you
near chicago illinois . my daughter is 7 years old
that's cool do you like it
yeah it is a nice place to raise a family .
it sounds like it is to me
i take my daughter to the park every day
that sounds good and fun
how old are you , i'm 25 years old
i am 33 and love brownies
my boyfriend isn't working right now he is unemployed
persona
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i love cheese cake.
i've 3 children.
i like to run.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
persona II
i've a cat.
i work at home , editing.
i hope to move out soon.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good , just got done running . you ?
but it is raining outside
not here . i needed to run off some cheesecake i had for lunch .
where do you work then
i drive a beer truck .
nice i want some beer
do you have any kids ? i've 3 girls .
i do not but i've furry babies
we are thinking about getting a dog .
you should , pets are great
i think i would enjoy walking it .
yeah i want to move out
where do you live now ?
i live with my parents
oh . i live in north carolina .
persona
i don t like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i love winning.
i can tell right away if i m going to like someone.
coffee is important to me.
persona II
i spend too much time shopping.
i drive a ford taurus.
i drink diet coke.
i love katy perry.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi there pretty good and yourself ?
i am good listening to music
give me a good cup of coffee and no obligating plans and i am happy
coffee is great but i love my diet coke
what do you like to do ?
go shopping hang out the usual
i like competitive sports and winning .
that's good what music do you like
a little bit of everything . do you have a good sense of judgement ?
i think i do what about you
i can usually tell if i am going to enjoy someones company .
that's nice so are you enjoying mine
i am very much so ? you ?
persona
i take the subway to work everyday.
i m afraid of clowns.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i m a vegetarian.
i have four cats.
persona II
i really wanted to be an actor.
i'm in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
both of my parents are doctors.
i'm in medical school.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today i am fine ?
i am doing great . just got off the subway from work .
i'm disabled i want to go back to school .
what do you want to study ?
i want to take a nursing course .
cool ! i am afraid of blood and clowns . nursing isn't for me .
i wished i could be an actor what do you do ?
i work in the city . i'm getting ready to visit my sister in canada again soon .
that is good how is she doing have a nice trip .
thanks . i'm not sure what to do with my four cats when i'm gone .
oh my leave down enough food for them for the 4 days
what food do you like to eat ?
i love pizza it is my favorite . and you ?
i love fruits and vegetables . i do not eat any meat .
cool very healthy for you . my mom and dad are vegans .
i may want to try vegan soon . do they like it ?
persona
i have a cat.
i am currently unemployed.
summer is my favorite season.
i still live with my parents.
persona II
i race cars for a living.
i like to go fishing.
i have 4 daughters.
i like to play board games.
i'm an athlete.
dialogue
yo what up . hows it going
hi , how are you this evening ?
tired . just finished my workout
nice . sadly i live with my parents and can not have a room like that .
nah i go to the gym yo . what do you do for fun then
i read tarot cards for fun . and make candles .
predict my future . will i win my next drag race or nah
haha i say yes . if you really race , you will win .
yo that's whats up ! are you good at anything else
cooking , baking , and roller derby
you really live your life ! respect . i'm nervous though . . .
haha thanks . i try . and how come ?
i've a baby girl on the way . . . 4 kids already too
if the universe didn't think you could handle it , it would not happen . ya know ?
i'm going to catch some fish and think this over . thanks dog !
no problem . hope it all works out for ya .
persona
i like to read.
i am a diabetic.
i've a long drive to work.
traffic makes me mad.
persona II
i love to play soccer.
i live with my parents.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i work as a waitress.
dialogue
hello , have you seen frozen ?
yes i've my niece adores that movie
i love that movie , all disney movies really .
i love to read it helps calm my nerves at lunch
i serve lunch , lol . i'm a waitress at my parents diner
nice that means your close to your family ? ? i'm with my mom but my dad passed
i still live with mine , i am hoping to buy us a new home soon .
i drive over 45 minutes to work to pay the mortage
i walk three blocks over . i'm also in design school
nice traffic makes me angry but it helps my mom so i'm okay with that
i don't drive , i live in nyc
oh i know nyc i been there for a specialist . its where i learned i was diabetic
oh no , that is horrid . how do you manage ?
i guess in inherited it from dad but i do miss sweets
that can happen , i guess . i wouldn't like giving up tiramisu .
oh trust me i miss cheesecake but i am dealing . .
persona
i like basketball.
my favorite color is green.
i like rock music.
i work at mcdonalds.
my name is gerald.
persona II
i enjoy playing computer games.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i am confined to my bed.
i am glad that i work from home.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi there , i am well , call me gerald .
hello , gerald . i am mia . do you like video games ?
almost as much as mcdonalds
very cool , i'm not permitted mcdonalds . i'm on bedrest .
i actually work there today
nice ! i think i work on social media .
what is your favorite color ?
i love purple , what is yours ?
i'd have to say green
green is an interesting color . my dog has green eyes
i love animals all day
i do too , we have alpacas .
i also love basketball , do you ?
no , i do not like sports , especially now that i'm on bed rest .
how long is that restriction ?
persona
i hope to travel the world one day.
i am a farmer.
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i have two pet dogs.
my favorite music genre is rock.
persona II
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i've more then 10 tattoos.
i am a grown woman.
dialogue
hi do you have any weekend plans ?
hi , harvesting . who are you ? i am a farmer , married and have 2 pet dogs , and you ?
sounds busy . i'm a grandmother and love spending time with my three grandsons .
i hope to travel the world some day .
i'm a homebody . enjoy being at home
i like photography and hiking and my favorite music is rock , what about you ?
i enjoy going to park and bird watching . love country music
that is cool i got to run have a great day !
hope you have a great day too
ok , then , bye
hope you aren't in the way of irma
nah , its dry here .
persona
i couldn t live without my cell phone.
i'm more of a cat person than a dog person.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
my mom is my best friend.
i attend book club every week.
persona II
i like to go out to the bars.
i like cooking healthy meals.
i m retired.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm doing well , thank you . getting ready to go to my book club meeting .
oh , that sounds interesting . i've been looking for a new hobby .
i'm addicted to my cell phone and have a cat .
i see . i find that going to work out is my vice .
i drink too many cocktails to ever have a great body .
that makes two of us , i also share your love of bars .
my mom comes with me at times , people think she's my sister .
my mom passed away awhile back but she lived a long healthy life .
i'm sorry to hear that .
that is alright , i've been around long enough and am on the way out too .
hopefully , not while we are chatting .
do not worry , i am in good health due to my fantastic diet .
oh , okay . your statement was a little confusing .
my apologizes , i stated eating healthy while back and have been feeling great ever since .
i do a lot of soups and salads this time of year .
persona
i've the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.
i've five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.
i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.
persona II
i hope to retire to florida.
i own my own music store.
i played in a band for 17 years.
i am an animal rights activist.
dialogue
hi , how are you on this fine day ?
i am doing okay how are you today
i am having a pretty good day so far .
that is good , are you married
yes , but not on paper .
sometimes that's the best way i have been married twice my dog helped me find them
i love animals , so i could see wanting to have someone that loves them too .
also someone that can tolerate my coffee addiction
i used to live off coffee with all my late nights playing in a band .
coffee is so good i keep at least 5 different kinds at all times .
wow you really do love coffee .
the best way to keep them fresh is by keeping them in the fridge
someone once told me it dries out the beans .
i have never had a problem with them cold long as the bag has not been opened yet
you probably do not have the bags that long with your habit .
depends on the week i stay up late a lot of work
persona
i am also round.
i'm short.
i'm smart too.
i have big face cheeks.
i like reading.
persona II
i'm a business man.
i'm a karate black belt.
my wife has terminal cancer.
i love to sing.
dialogue
hello there ! nice to meet you . hows your night going ?
pretty well thanks and you ?
honestly , not great . my wife is dying of cancer , so life is hitting hard .
i am sorry to hear that . i am super fat .
i am sorry . i used to be , but i got into karate . i just cannot kick cancer .
i cannot kick anything i am so round
you need to find something active you enjoy . what interests you ?
i read because i don't have to move
ah , ok . what type of books do you read ?
ones about food like how to eat fried worms
hmm , do you cook ? you should check out a farmers market !
i try to but i'm really short
persona
i never met my parents.
i never went to school.
i'm an international business man.
i am a genius and know over 300 languages.
persona II
i've a boyfriend who lives in italy.
i enjoy video games.
i hate cooking.
my mom lives with me.
my hair is very long.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ?
doing great how are you ?
doing well . washed my hair . it took forever because it is long .
how much school have you completed ?
finished high school . want to go to college but i have to take care of my mom .
nice , i actually never even went to school , but i know over 300 languages from traveling .
right on ! my bf lives in italy . he is learning italian .
its a beautiful language , i also travel for work as a businessman
sweet ! i work for a computer company . when i'm not doing that i play video games .
video games are awesome , i like to play on the pc most
same here . i got to go soon , i have to cook dinner . i detest cooking .
cooking is the worst . i hope you make something great though .
i'm preparing chicken cordon bleu .
that sounds so so so good !
persona
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
i'm a woman.
my favorite band is radiolead.
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
persona II
i have 10 piercings.
my favorite food is italian.
i like to drive for hours.
i cannot live without my friends.
dialogue
my ear hurts from that 10th piercing .
wow that is a lot of piercings
i ate three helpings of italian food right before .
interesting , i am a beautiful woman
i see . i was so hungry after driving that 10 hour drive .
do you have a favorite band ? mines is radiolead
i don't have time for bands . i have to be with my friends .
oh ok . i got married yesterday
i wished i could of came . i love to drive long ways .
just hit the road and drive anywhere
but then i would have to leave my best friends .
you can take them with you
but they don't like the long drive .
ahh well that sucks friend
persona
i work at a animal clinic.
i love the summer.
i've two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love mexican food.
persona II
i am a musician.
i've been working the same job for two years.
i like to play video games.
my favorite band is hop along.
dialogue
hey ! hows it going ? i am tired of this job i have been at for two years
hey , going great . that sucks , i love my job at the animal clinic .
that sounds fun . i like the band hop along . . kind of like a bunny haha
ll i know all about them one of my two kids like them as well
cool ! i'm a musician so i like a lot of music
that's awesome . i enjoy mexican food and being on social media when i'm free
i play video games , that's how i like to socialize and go online
my son enjoys video games , i love being outside during the summer
it sounds like your son and i have a lot in common !
yes very much so , you'd get along well
i hope he would like my music too . hop along is my inspiration
if that is the case i'm sure he would love it
cool ! i hope you'd too !
yes , i'll have to listen to it one day
persona
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
i have never been on an airplane.
i like tailgate parties.
i didn't go to college because i run the family farm.
persona II
i can speak three languages.
i work remotely as a programmer.
i've not gone home in over two years.
i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.
dialogue
hi , any interesting things you want to tell me about yourself ?
i run my own farm , which is pretty interesting i suppose .
cool . i speak several languages and work keeps me traveling alot
wow , we live pretty different lives . i've not even been on a plain !
maybe one day you should , its not that scary .
well its not that i don't want to . i've just never really had a reason .
oh okay , its tiresome sometimes . i haven't slept in my own place in two years
that sounds like hell to me to be honest .
its the lifestyle of being a programmer . always busy
things aren't exactly slow going on a family farm , believe me . what do you do for downtime ?
i hardly have any , how about you ?
tailgate parties every now and then , but i'm getting too old .
i'm getting close to retirement so maybe i can catch a few tailgate parties
ahahah maybe so ! if you are ever in ohio hit me up .
persona
sometimes i wish i did not have to wake up in the morning.
my parents are distant.
i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
i see a therapist that does not really understand me.
persona II
i'm in high school.
i'm on a competitive dance team.
i love to dance.
i love disney movies.
ariel is my favorite princess.
dialogue
i am in secondary school now
nice ! i am in therapy . so basically same thing .
i'm lord of the dance , it competitive as you'd expect
oh wow . never knew that . so do you have siblings ?
when you love the dance you have no time for siblings
well i guess that is what my brother thought while doing what he loved . robbery .
well , i suppose disney movies , i love them and the dance
that's nice . my parents never really let me do much they just didn't care .
too bad , the best princess is ariel , although she did not dance
have not seen ariel . is that a disney movie also ?
little mermaid , she's a princess , and my favourite
nice . so how old are you again ?
yes , high school is what i'm in now , you ?
graduated high school straight to therapy sessions .
persona
my hobbies include reading and cycling.
i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.
i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
persona II
i dream of winning the lottery.
i like to eat food.
i listen to rock music.
i drive a fast car.
i work for a large company.
dialogue
good morning , what are you doing today ?
hey there , i just got off work , you ?
getting ready to go , running late good thing my car is fast !
i bet , what you late for ?
work i want to win a lottery so i can quit !
is not that every ones wish ? i am a general manager at my job
yes ! i'm in marketing at a big corporation . music is my thing .
i have always been more a reading person than a music person
well , really i'm a foodie . i love new restaurants !
i love food , but i tend to stick to my old favorites
what kind of food do you like best ? i love thai .
i love like everything , most of the time i prefer mexican food
i like that too . if i win the lottery , i could go anywhere !
i've family all over , so i travel up to canada on the weekends
where ? i lived in vancouver for awhile , for my job .
quebec area , i love the views
persona
i make 30k a year.
i love mac and cheese.
i make cars for a living.
i like to sit on couch all day.
persona II
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
if i were to be reincarnated , i would want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
i cannot get enough of lindsey spirlings music.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am alright . trying to get motivated to get off my couch .
its hard for people to get motivated , i find alcohol in my coffee helps
mac and cheese does it for me , but i have none .
really ? ? it goes very well with my favorite meatloaf .
i might have to try your meatloaf .
its very good , though the cigarettes do not help my taste buds
i cannot afford to smoke . i only make about 30 thousand a year .
that's plenty enough to start , plus it will help you lose weight
so i hear . i make cars by day . maybe smoking will boost my creativity .
i doubt it mostly it just helps you look cool
looking cool will definitely boost my ego
it will also help you listen to good music like lindsey stirling
i've never heard of her . any good ?
very good , she's my favorite singer
i will have to buy some of her music soon and check her out .
persona
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
i spend my weekends camping.
i'm a truck driver.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
persona II
i've a cat named pickles.
my parents met at woodstock.
i've a beautiful rose garden.
i love starbucks coffee.
i was a swimmer in college.
dialogue
good morning how are you today
good , in the state where i live i deliver baked goods
that's nice , do you have coffee ? i love starbucks
weekends are spent camping , cool huh ?
yes . i stay at home usually playing with my rose garden and my cat pickets .
driving a truck is what i do for a job
pays the bills . my dad does that and he met my mom at woodstock
woodstock ! my children and my wife go camping with me
it is a timeless place that no one will ever forget in my opinion
yes . by trade i drive trucks , yeah ! ! !
did you go to college ? i was on the swim team
my mom drowned , in my state i deliver baked goods .
i'm so sorry to hear that . i will send you some roses from my garden
my weekends are spent camping
persona
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i believe in aliens.
i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
persona II
i'm failing some of my classes.
i enjoy electronic music.
i fantasize about living in another country.
i'm in a lot of debt.
i enjoy nature.
dialogue
hey hows it going all good ?
yeah , i am having a hard time choosing between lollipops and rainbows
well you can try electronic music
i like to listen to electronic music when i clean up after my kids .
that sounds great . just like nature
i love nature ! i look at the stars to keep from feeling depressed .
i was just doing that too
i was trying to look for aliens through my telescope .
say hi to them for me
okay ! if i ever find them i'll
yea send some photos pls
what are some of your favorite things to do ?
persona
i dance ballet.
i m currently in nursing school.
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i am an only child.
persona II
i've a large mustache.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i'm a retired newspaper reporter.
i am a recovering alcoholic.
i live in a condo.
dialogue
hello ! do you have any spare change ?
no i'm a poor student sorry
oh , okay . we can just talk then .
great , how are you doing today
i would be better if i had a drink .
we do not drink at school so sorry about that
are you in highschool or college ?
college now , i used to be in high school
are mustaches in style in your school ?
not really . we pay more attention to nursing , not ugly face hair
that is a shame , i love my gigantic mustache . i even curl the edges .
that is pretty nasty . please keep away from me
are you sure you cannot spare some change ? i'd really love to get some whiskey .
no . i don't want to be friends with you .
persona
i m headed to university of michigan in the fall.
my favorite season is summer.
i just graduated high school.
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
i want to be a doctor when i graduate.
persona II
someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.
i m a graphic designer.
my inspiration is clasical music.
drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
dialogue
whats going on ? how are you ?
hey , i'm eating tacos , because my wife made spaghetti and i hate it
i love a good taco . especially breakfast ones .
i like real mexican tacos . i just got my high school diploma
i do too . with white queso . not that tex mex nacho cheese crap .
lol right . i'm going to michigan state this month
cool . i want to go back to school .
why do not you ? when i graduate i'll be a doctor
well congratulations . you must have worked very hard . do you read often ?
yes every single day . specially in summer since its my favorite season
i love being covered in a thin film of sweat for months on end !
do you work ? or what do you do ?
i am an artist . i want to work at pixar .
i love pixar they have the best movies . i love toy story trilogy
such a great story of toys . i like those movies as well .
and the monsters inc is funny
persona
i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.
my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.
i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.
persona II
i live in north dakota.
i work as a waitress.
i ride a bike.
i have 5 brothers and sisters.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ? i hope your having a good evening
i am good . my evening is going good . and yours ?
it is going good a nice relaxing evening after a long shift
that's always nice when that happens . what do you do ? i'm a translator .
right now i am working as a waitress but i am also in school
i go too , continuing education and all . my brains are from my dad . never met .
i come from a large family so my siblings are always giving me educational lectures
it was just me , mom , and a step dad . lucky for me he mostly ignored me .
well i am sorry to hear that sometimes i wish for peace and quiet from my siblings
i understand that too though . do you like tv ? i am not sure if i do anymore .
i am more of an outdoor girl i like bike riding
i enjoy that also . but i've allergies so it is hard for me to do .
well living in north dakota it keeps me from going bored
i always wanted to visit there . i bet it is beautiful .
it is gorgeous here well have a good evening i need some sleep
sleep well ! it was nice to chat with you !
persona
i've two kids , ages 2 and 6.
my husband owns a small auto repair shop.
i work part time at aldi s.
my favorite movie is titanic.
i'm from sterling heights , michigan.
persona II
i surf often.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i am a nurse.
i'm a great baker.
i was an army brat.
dialogue
good morning ! i am baking for a contest right now !
what are you baking ? my two kids would love it i bet !
a highly requested cake . people love my baking !
were are you from ? we live in sterling heights which is in michigan
everywhere really , my dad was in the army so we moved so much
if your dad ever needs repairs , my husband has a car repair shop !
when i am not at my nursing job , i am usually surfing . do you surf ?
i would love to learn , the ocean is a big part of my favorite movie , titanic !
my husband and high school sweetheart love that movie too !
my son who is 2 and my daughter who is 6 love it !
i've a 4 , 3 , and 2 year old myself . they keep me busy
what is there favorite game ?
candy land , when they're getting along enough time to play together
always a struggle with the little ones right ?
yes ! tell me about it . i'm ready for them to go to school
i still have another 4 years to go till my youngest aged 2 is in school !
persona
i grew up in the deep south.
i hate seafood but love mexican food.
i love to hunt.
my mother was a piano teacher.
persona II
i m a photographer.
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i love dogs.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
dialogue
hello how is your day today , anything interesting ?
just looking at some quail in my back yard . so cute .
aw that's cute .
where did you grow up ? i'm from the south
in the south as well . perfect place for my career . a photographer , beautiful scenery .
oh very nice ! i love to be outdoors and to hunt
i enjoy having drinks with my friends at bars , not the outdoors kinda person .
i like going out for mexican food
delicious ! my tattoo artist always recommends this mexican place nearby .
what is your favorite food ?
pizza ! the owner of this pizza shop nearby has the cutest dog ! i love to visit .
yum ! i love dogs too
do you have any tattoos ?
no i do not . i could never decide on one
i've an entire sleeve . love mine
that's cool . what kind of tattoos do you have
persona
ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.
i have a friend named james who secretly rules the world.
i love living in texas.
pudding makes me gassy.
persona II
i own 4 cats.
i ride a unicycle.
my favorite band is metallica.
i work at the grocery store.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you today ?
i am doing ok , trying to clean up from hurricane harvey . how are you ?
where do you live to be affected by harvey
i am in texas . i listen to ke ha to keep my spirits up while i clean .
i live in louisiana and we were affected also
i am sorry to here that . i keep waiting for my friend james save us . . .
i'm employed in a grocery store
i work for james . can you keep a secret ?
of course i can keep a secret
james is the real ruler of the world , has been for a long time .
i love to ride my unicycle
james is going to take down the government using his secret plan .
gosh i hope not that is scary
all i can say is , pudding gives me terrible gas , and he is going to use that .
i love pudding and it gives me gas
james is a nice guy , do not be afraid , be excited . he has big plans for us .
persona
i've a large cd collection.
favorite band is the beetles.
i collect stamps.
i play the bass.
persona II
i've two roomates.
i like to cook.
i m scared of clowns.
i have two dogs.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ? do you have pets ?
hi , i'm alright . you ? and i do not , however i do have a mighty stamp collection .
good . i've a couple of dogs . that sounds cool
that must be a lot of work . are you interested in music at all ?
it is pretty fun . yeah i'm . are you ?
oh , definitely . not only am i a bass player , but i also have a massive cd collection .
oh are you a collector ? do you have any phobias ?
i collect things mainly related to the beatles , as they are my favorite . and yes , do you ?
that is way cool . yes clowns . what is yours ?
i am afraid of losing my hearing . i love music too much .
that would be sad , are you older ?
old enough that i think the best band ever is the beatles . how old are you ?
i am 29 . i've a couple of room mates too . do you live a lone ?
that's interesting . do you like them ? yes , i live alone , thankfully .
yeah they're just fine
that's good , having bad roommates is the worst . what do you do for work ?
persona
i like the movie godfather.
i like candy and soda.
i am a man.
i weight 300 pounds.
i'm not healthy.
persona II
i am short.
i am smart too.
i like reading.
i have big face cheeks.
i am also round.
dialogue
hi . . how is ur weekend going ? ?
its going well . how is yours ?
going on . . it was a good whether here this morning
that is awesome . seen any good movies lately ?
not a big fan of movies . . i read lot of stuff
i love the godfather . what have you read recently ?
the martian . . its a lovely book
i might have to read that . what else do you do ?
i work on robotics . . i am doing my major in that
that sounds like a tough major . do you like it ?
i love it . . people says i am smart . . kidding
i imagine you are . have you tried any new candies ?
persona
my wife hates me , she thinks i'm lazy and poor.
i live a lie.
i'm a painter.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
persona II
i have two cats , milo and fio.
i love video games.
i'm canadian.
my brother works at best buy.
dialogue
hello there , how are you doing ?
not well . my wife left to live with her sister .
that's sad . try playing video games . i love playing video games
not my thing . i paint landscapes all day , too .
i love art . could you paint my two cats milo and fio ?
i m not that good of a painter . i stick with painting trees .
i was born and raised in canada . how about you ?
me , too ! . what do you enjoy to do ?
i like playing video games with my brother .
my wife would love it , me playing video games not !
do you have siblings ? i have just one brother , who works at best buy
i have two brothers . should i tell them that i won 25 , 000 years ago .
how much of it is left ?
i'm a fraud . you are the 1st person that i told . 15 , 000 .
persona
i like gardening.
i like to cook.
i live in a small city.
my children are mostly grown.
i've a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
persona II
my father used to work for microsoft.
i am a christian.
i like football.
i work in the it industry.
my favourite band is kings of leon.
dialogue
sunday greetings to you . how are you today ?
are you single or married ?
married . i love sundays because i get to go to church christian and watch football .
awesome , i love sundays as well . do you have any hobbies ?
well i like computers , i'm an it person so anything technology related . and you ?
i love to garden during this time of year .
my dad was with microsoft and he gardened for stress relief . what do you grow ?
i love to grow herbs and tomatoes . do you live in a major city ?
yes , we have great a great music scene here , i love kings of leon .
i like their music as well . music connect us all . any children ?
two , and they keep me busy every single day . how about you ?
just a two year old . he is a big fan of my cooking . do you cook ?
yes , with two teenagers who eat all the time i need to cook regularly ! lol .
i will experience that soon enough lol . any pets ?
two cats , they're my furry friends . do you have any hobbies ?
awesome . i have a cat named felix and a small black terrier named emmy .
persona
my favorite color is purple.
i am not a fan of science.
my dad works for ups.
i'm currently looking for a job.
persona II
i'm an only child.
i like swimming.
my mother is a housemaid.
i have traveled to europe and mexico.
i love spicy food.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm great thank you for asking how are you ?
i'm doing great . eating korean bbq
sounds good i had a burrito for lunch
did you put hot sauce on it
always ! what do you do for work ?
i work in business financials
i'm looking for work , i want to be like my dad he is ups driver
that would be great pay
do you like sports , football in particular
swimming is my favorite thing
i like the vikings cause purple is my fave
i like usc and traveling
cool , i love california it is beautiful
persona
i've horrible allergies.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
i still love my cat despite all this.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
persona II
i am a petsitter.
i've purple hair.
my dad is a college professor.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
good how are you ? do you have pets ?
i do not have any pets . but i spend alot of time pet sitting .
that is fun i've a cat but i'm also pretty allergic
is the cat hairless ?
no but i just cant give him up i love him too much
that is definitely love .
yeah what hobbies do you have ?
reading , swimming , shopping , and netflix how about you ?
that's cool i have been working os hard latelythat i have just been trying to relax more
having you tried yoga or mediating ? very relaxing .
i should
persona
i help around with bookkeeping and tours.
i decided to become vegan a year ago.
i'm vegan.
sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.
i work at the grocery store.
persona II
i've a cat named leela.
my car is pink.
i am a youtube.
my dad is an airline pilot.
i make videos about makeup.
dialogue
hi , i am vanessa ! are you on youtube ?
i am not . i am employed in the grocery industry . where do you work ?
i have a youtube channel featuring makeup . so i cannot even call it work
nice ! within the last year , i have went vegan . need to get my own channel !
yes ! that would be amazing ! i also do a lot of videos with my cat and traveling
fun ! i could also do a channel dealing with an urban farm i volunteer at .
no way that is awesome ! do you have animals ? my cats name is leela !
when i lead tours there , i take my dog along . so much fun !
now i am jealous ! that sound like fun !
i also do the bookkeeping there so it is not all fun .
oh i see , do you get to travel a lot ?
not as much as i'd like but i guess more than others . you ?
yes , my dad is a pilot for an airline . so i get to fly standby !
that is awesome ! i wish i had that . air flight is so expensive !
persona
i played football in high school.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
i always have a beer after work.
i am a roofer.
persona II
i am in my high school band.
i play the trumpet.
