i am good thanks for asking
i am majoring in science . i am taking 3 of those classes right now
what city are you from ?
i am from la and i live at home . but hopefully i can dorm next year
do you have any pets ?
no i don't have time for pets unfortunately . you ?
i've two . . . one shih tzu one shar pei
cool ! i hope to get a dog one day . corgi
what type of music do you like
classical . they play it sometimes at the campus library , where i work part time
i like rap and pop and country
nice i like listening to those too
persona
i had 128 tackles last year.
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
my position is linebacker.
i am an athlete.
i play football.
persona II
i live in new york city.
i am a writer.
i'm married.
i've ten nieces and nephews.
i enjoy going to museums.
dialogue
hello . where do you live ?
i live in baltimore . where are you from ?
i live in the big apple . new york city .
do you like football ?
not really . i write for blogs and i love going to museums .
i am a linebacker for the baltimore ravens .
oh wow . now that's cool . are you married ?
no , i am not . are you ?
yeah . big family . ten nieces and nephews .
i come a small family . i only have one brother .
that can be nice too . so how is baltimore these days ?
it is nice . the weather is getting cooler .
that is where michael phelps is from , right ? pretty cool !
how is new york this time of the year ?
getting cooler too . winter is coming !
i'm happy about that . i like winter .
persona
my favorite color is green.
i like rock music.
my name is gerald.
i like basketball.
persona II
i've 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i like going to the moives.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i'm on a keto diet.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
dialogue
hi ! i work as a juggler at the circus what do you do ?
i am a basketball coach for a local kids team .
cool ! do you have pets ? i own 2 golden retriever
i've a cat named nugget , what are the names of your dogs ?
cool ! mines are called ally and hal !
those are great names for your pets ! what is your favorite color ?
mines is purple and yours
green , like the forest on a summer day
cool ! i just started a keto diet .
what kind of diet is that ?
it is a low carb diet
i don't think i could ever keep to a special diet .
it is difficult ! do you like going to the movies ? i love it
sometimes , but i prefer to go to movies with friends .
i see ! you should join the circus ! i it is very fun
you work for the circus ? i do not think i could do that
persona
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i m a photographer.
i've 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i love dogs.
persona II
my shyness made me panick and i didn t show up.
anyways i decided to give it a try and participaed in an audition for a talent show.
until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
i was accepted to participate.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i'm doing good . just been editing photos today . i do photography .
that is cool i'm practicing for a talent show
what are you doing in it ? i once did a talent show with my 4 dogs
i am singing i am pretty nervous
i get nervous when i get a tattoo , but it is always worth it .
how many do you have
i have an entire sleeve now ! my favorite one is of my dogs who i love !
wow that is a lot of dedication whats your dogs name
my dogs names are , bobby , christie , suzie , and lola . we pretty much spend all the time together
that is so cute i wish i had a dog
you should get one or two or four p
haha that's my future plan
what else do you enjoy ?
i am trying to get in the habit of trying new things
me too , i really should create relationships outside of my dogs ! haha
persona
i am a short order cook at a local diner.
i have a terrible singing voice.
under a pen name , i write romance books.
this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
persona II
my favorite band is radiolead.
we have two dogs small dogs.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
i am married to my wonderful husband.
i am a woman.
dialogue
hello . how are you . are you having a good day ?
hi ! i am good ! how are you ? and its a great day !
i am good . do you have any pets ?
i don't , unfortunately . i work so much and i've so many hobbies .
i have two small dogs . what kind of work do you do ?
i work at a diner .
that is a good job . i own my own marketing agency .
that sounds like fun ! i also write romance books d
i wish i could write . i've always wanted to write a book .
ever heard of e . l james
no i have not . what has he written ?
well , i'm not her ahahah .
it was nice meeting you . have a good day .
yeah , you too ! have a great day
persona
i like the movie godfather.
i weight 300 pounds.
i like candy and soda.
i'm not healthy.
i am a man.
persona II
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
i live in canada , near ontario.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i'm an avid runner.
dialogue
hi , are you a fellow canadian ?
no i am just a guy living in the south . where in canada do you live ?
pretty close to ontario , you ?
north carolina . they have the best bbq that i eat almost every day .
i make it to the states a couple times a year .
you have to come to nc and try some bbq .
i'm usually there to run marathons
wow that's awesome . i'm 300 pounds so i haven't run a marathon before .
i run daily and love watching basketball
well i like to eat candy and soda and watch movies . so we are total opposites .
i watch the vancouver grizzlies , they are my favorite !
i like to watch football . do you watch anything besides basketball ?
no , basketball is my favorite .
do you like movies ? i love the godfather .
persona
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i wish i knew where i belonged.
i hate my parents , but i love my job.
i train horses for a living.
i write in my spare time.
i never sleep in.
dialogue
hi matt here i wish i knew where i belonged
well hello there matt i just moved to sweden and have no friends here
nice ! ! i do not like my parents , but enjoy my job .
i am always losing things since i moved like my mind what do u do
yeah , i work as a manager
that is great what is your favorite meal
as a living i also train horses
lutefisk is the best dish ever i love it
i also write blogs on my spare time
i like to hike on the glaciers
there are times i will sleep in . long hours at work
so how old are u matt
i'm twenty five years old .
your still young i'm 40
yeah i feel like time is going by fast
time always goes fast when u are having fun
persona
i have a few pet iguanas.
i am pretty poor financially.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
persona II
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i am an actor.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
now i'm a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
i've been acting since i was ten years old.
dialogue
hi . what do you do for your job ?
hello there . i work at a fast food restaurant . what do you do for your job ?
i act in movies and have done some commercials . what fast food restaurant ?
i work at mcdonald . when i am not there , i take care of my pet iguanas .
what are your pets names ?
my pets names are stacia and max . what interests do you have ?
i'm very busy doing my job acting in a weekly telenovela .
for how long have you been an actor ?
i started acting when i was 10 . do you have any hobbies ?
well , i also like making arts and crafts . i've a question for you .
arts and crafts are very interesting . what is your question ?
do you think that dogs could be trained to read ?
wow , good question . they can be trained to be actors , so possibly .
do you think that dogs could be trained to read ?
i worked with a trained dog in a television commercial once .
i really think that's the case as well . what are your hobbies out of acting ?
persona
i play video games all day.
i still live at home with my parents.
i am 32.
i don't want a job.
i eat all take out.
persona II
i am a farmer.
i like to hike.
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i graduated from college.
dialogue
hi , what are you doing ?
hi how are you doing ? i am still a baby at 32 years old .
i'm great , i'm also the baby of 4 in my family .
oh that is nice i like to eat plenty of take out food do you ?
i'm vegan , i eat what i farm . do you hike or nature walk ?
no but a vegan is very healthy i eat many junk foods .
healthy is good , after my accident where i lost an arm i gave up junk .
sorry to hear that i don't want to work but i do .
where ? after my college graduation i had to work to pay for school .
yes times are so hard hang in there nice person to chat with .
thanks . . . computer it pays but to much still goes to loans .
when you finish you'll be good it will pay off for you .
i say that also but it would be nice to eat chicken for one night .
oops i wished i had a piece of chicken would be nice .
i meant tofu that taste like chicken .
god bless sweetie take care . good people you are .
persona
my favorite subject in school was science.
my mom is a cancer survivor.
i'm single and not looking.
my favorite hobby is reading suspense novels.
pizza is my favorite food.
persona II
i want to be desired.
i feel overweight.
i like to eat.
i want to feel pretty.
dialogue
i need to be desired by someone
i'm happy on my own . as long as i have pizza lol
i love to eating pizza
just dropped pizza on my suspense novel . two faves ruined at once !
i hate reading so much
i love it ! reading and science are my passions
i work out a lot i always feel obese
working out is good . as long as you do not overdo it
i miss it if i don't workout
i hear you . i like to work off all the pizza i eat lol
i use a lot of make up as well
i've learned to appreciate whats on the inside . moms cancer taught me that
i'm sorry to hear about ur moms cancer
its ok . she's all better now . a real survivor
persona
i only eat at restaurants.
i've 1 pair of shoes.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i'm allergic to shellfish and cats.
persona II
i like soccer.
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
i am a vegan.
i love game of thrones.
dialogue
hi i am john how are you
hey ! i am tom ! how are you ?
great just catching up on game of thrones
nice ! i watch that all the time ! can you cook ?
yes i just made some awesome mashed potato casserole
so good ! i went anaphylactic once
ouch i once was a vegan but me and her did not work out so i'm coming back
so now i only eat out . i've a terrible chiton allergy .
never heard of that it don't sound fun . my fun is soccer
stranger than fiction , i am allergic to latex so i own only 1 pair of shoes .
me too it makes new doctor visits so awkward being non latex
my dad is a shoemaker , my mom has some five hundred pairs .
awesome i met a nice cobbler in italy
chiton allergy is allergy to shellfish by the way
oh lord that would not be fun i worked red lobster in high school
where did you attend high school ?
persona
i have an older brother who plays football in the nfl.
i like to snowboard.
i live in rural wisconsin.
i like to ride horses.
persona II
i'm married to my wonderful husband.
we have two dogs small dogs.
i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
my favorite band is radiohead.
dialogue
hello hope you are having a good day . i'm just spending time with my little dogs
good morning l enjoy riding horses
i love horses too . do you ride often ?
yes if i'm not snowboarding
i wish i had more time to do things . i am busy with my marketing consulting agency
i am from rural wisconsin where you from
i live in west virginia with my husband .
my older brother plays in the nfl
that is interesting . which team does your brother play for ?
its a great day out today
it is here too . a beautiful autumn day
its kinda windy though but nice
windy here too . it may storm later on .
i love this time of year
i do too the leaves are pretty and the temperature is just right
very relaxing if you ask me
persona
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to chat with my friends.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to go to the movies.
persona II
i like to drink tea.
i like to draw other people.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to mountain bike.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm great . just watching a movie . how about you ? ?
drinking tea its my favorite yo
not a fan of tea . but i love going out to eat .
do you get hardboiled eggs ?
i don't like hard boiled eggs .
do you like to ride bikes ?
nope but i love driving in the car with my family
do you like to draw then ?
nope i love reading alot
oh i enjoy drawing people
that is really so awesome
yeah i can draw real awesome things
i cannot draw at all . but love pictures in books
yeah reading can be fun i guess
it really is great . you can read anything
persona
i lift weights , but i never do squats.
i like to watch ma.
my prized possession is a bowie knife.
i am entering the police academy this summer.
persona II
i'm allergic to lactose.
i like having fried fish for supper.
my doctor told me i have six months to live.
i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
my favorite singer is justin bieber.
dialogue
hi are you having a good saturday ?
wonderful day out today , i went for a jog . yourself ?
at home listening to bieber which reminds me of 5 years ago .
i'm setting the tivo for ma before going to the gym
what is ma ? don't think i've heard of them
mixed martial arts , a blend of them
is not that just like the fake wrestmania stuff ?
no , this is real martial arts . dangerous
i'm not into fighting . if i want danger then i just drink milk which makes me sick .
no milk is tough . i like watching . i'm training to start police academy .
police academy the movie or the playstation game ?
the actual academy to be an officer .
oh . are you good with a gun ?
i am ok . but i plan on training alot this summer .
persona
i've brown hair.
my favorite color is blue.
i work at a grocery store.
i like to read.
persona II
i m very shy.
i m a children s librarian.
i m recently divorced.
i've no children of my own.
dialogue
hi , i'm fine what a bout you
i'm doing great ! do you have any hobbies ?
yes i love to go fishing how about you
i love reading . what do you do for work ?
i do care giver for the senior
that sounds rewarding . i myself work as a bagger at a grocery store .
that good need some body to do that too you should be pride
aww . thank you ! do you have a favorite color ?
yes blue , i am on the shy side what about you
i also love blue !
ok , cool , do you have any children
not presently . maybe one day in the future . you ?
yes i've five adults children
wow ! big family . i bet you are proud of them .
persona
i ve a younger sibling.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
i love hockey.
i ve flown out of the country.
i studied business as my major.
persona II
i m a terrible speller.
i volunteer at animal shelters.
i m an amazing dancer.
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
dialogue
i've a hard time spelling
my 2 older sisters have that problem too . sorry
i love volunteering at the animal shelter
good for you . i should volunteer sometime but i play hockey instead
i can dance pretty well . and my hair is blond , it goes down to my knees
you sound hot . if i wasn t hanging out with a visiting friend i d talk longer
well i feel quite flattered
have you ever been to paris ? i go whenever i can afford it
no i have not but that is ok i don't have to .
in college i did a business school exchange to london marvelous city
did you like it a lot ?
it was fun even as a poor student . like it more now that i have money
hmm . oh ok , i'm not sure how that works
being rich ? simple , make lots of money and then get great tax breaks ! lol
it also takes a lot of work too if you want to be rich
not if you inherit it and then reinvest . that s what trump did . lots do .
persona
i love to knit and crochet.
i love to go to the lake.
i am a happy person.
i love to take walks.
i love to listen to music.
persona II
i enjoy the outdoors.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
i got a girlfriend last month.
i'm a hardcore biker.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
dialogue
i just ate a huge plate of pancakes . yum !
oh yummy ! i am jealous . that sounds amazing
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to use my hands and thread . crocheting and knitting . you ?
i prefer being outdoors . i spend most weekends hiking with my friends .
do you ever hike by the lake ?
no . my new girlfriend cannot swim so we avoid that area .
ah that makes sense . do you like music ?
yes ! i love to blast metal while riding my harley .
i bet that is a lot of fun . i love all types of music
are you a professional musician ?
no but that would be nice one day . i don't play any instruments
me either . bikes and hikes are for me . do you work ?
i don't . i just spend a lot of time enjoying life
that is fantastic . is your family nearby ?
yes they are . i spend a ton of time with them
persona
i work at a animal clinic.
i love the summer.
i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
i love mexican food.
persona II
i am a vegan.
i learned piano at age 6.
i own 9 guitars.
i am trying to play in a local band.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hello . great and yourself ? thank you .
i'm good just getting back from band practice
cool . i got back from my work which is an animal clinic .
that's sweet i love animals
yeah i know right ? do you have kids ?
no but i want to some day
i do have 2 kids . what do you like doing ?
i'm trying to learn new vegan recipes
wow cool . i enjoy eating mexican food . are you making any ?
i would love to find good mexican vegan options
i enjoy surfing on social media during my spare time .
that sounds fun whats your favorite site
facebook . nothing like it ? lol .
persona
i have horrible allergies.
i can t stand clutter or dust.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
i still love my cat despite all this.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
persona II
i listen to podcasts.
i do not have a car.
i live near a park.
my favorite color is purple.
i don't have any children.
dialogue
nice to meet you ! tell me a little about yourself !
right now , my allergies are horrendous ! despite this , i still love my cat !
sorry to hear that ! do you avoid parks ?
i should . i showered this morning and my skin is red from scrubbing so hard !
i'd hate it if i could not walk to the nearby park every day .
sounds wonderful ! i clean my house way to much , i despise dust and clutter !
since i've to walk everywhere , i stay home and paint my room purple .
love purple ! i may paint after i get ready , which takes me an hour !
it is more fun working when you can listen to music or podcasts .
love music ! i only heard a couple of podcasts .
since there are no children around , i can turn them up really loud !
i do that getting ready in the morning , an hour is a lot of music !
but at least there are no interruptions !
true ! just me and my cat ! any pets for you ?
no , i live alone , no children and no cars . i enjoy it .
good for you ! time to take some allergy medication . . .
persona
i sometimes wonder why i m not married.
i like eating healthy foods.
i have brown hair.
i love fall and winter.
i like sleeping in.
persona II
i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.
my name is sarah.
i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
i m a school teacher.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i am fine but wondering if i'd every get married
oh , one day may . i wonder the same .
i love men with brown hair and who eats healthy like myself
i like reading and relaxing by the lake . i like men too .
i like to sleep all day in the fall and winter
what do you do ? i am a 5th grade teacher .
i really do not do anything i sleep in a lot lol
i like to watch golf and tennis on tv .
i enjoy that as well
where do you live ? i live in new york .
i live in milwaukee i am in quality
oh . the school i teach at is outside of oakville , ny .
what grade do you teach ?
5th grade . that's such a great age .
yes i love my 5th grade teacher
persona
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i like to play soccer , draw and read asteria.
i don't have too many friends in the us yet , but i am going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
i am in 3rd grade.
persona II
i eat meat.
my favorite band is the story so far.
i recently started working online.
my friends don't call my by my real name.
i enjoy going to festivals.
dialogue
hello how there how are you ?
i'm pretty good thanks and you ?
i am great , just sitting at home and working online .
do you play any sports ?
i do but limited , i am a music freak and enjoy festivals .
be sure to wear earplugs or it will just be white noise
ha , ha , ha . . . cute . i have a garage band and we rock .
i bet . do you guys do covers ?
a limited amount , i am inspired by the band story so far as my mentor .
do you play any sports
yes , soccer i am very good . all my friend call me striker because i am that good .
yeah yo should strike that ball yo
persona
i'm blonde.
i'm thin.
i like the tv show the walking dead.
i like to hunt.
i love the tigers baseball team.
persona II
i am seventy one years old.
my house is located in the countryside.
i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.
my favorite food to harvest is carrots.
dialogue
hello there , where are you located
i cannot wait till the walking dead !
i am sorry , i don't like those kinds of shows
i am from new york , but i love to hunt .
there is some lovely hunting where i live
i walk everywhere in new york i'm so skinny lol . i love baseball .
i remember when there were great players in baseball . yogi , babe . . .
i like the tigers team . big fan ! i throw my blonde hair in a cap .
i am not one for the city . too many people .
why ? its exciting , where do you live ?
i live in the countryside . in arkansas
nice nice for some good hunting .
small game mostly . if you like hunting critters
it was nice chatting with you today also .
persona
i vacation in florida every winter.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
my sister is a published author.
my favorite color is yellow.
persona II
i'm currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i'm an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello my name is jakob how are you
i am good . planning my yearly vacation to florida . you ?
i just returned from a trip had to clear my head after my breakup
sorry to hear about your breakup . my sister is single and an author !
well if she likes pizza we could probably grab a bite
she does like pizza . i could set you up
nice where you from ? i work with bitcoins
i am originally from vermont where i was an award winning skier
nice i been there . . almost took an engineer gig there
oh nice ! vermont is such a beautiful state
yes it is just wish they had more salsa clubs up there dancing is my thing
haha yeah not much salsa in vermont . what else do you enjoy ?
books , movies , concerts , nothing extreme but i have sky dived before
well that sounds pretty extreme to me .
persona
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i enjoy reading.
i'm afraid to leave the house.
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
persona II
my favorite color is red.
i like to play video games.
i have 2 turtles.
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
dialogue
hi i like the color red . what is your favorite color ?
that is not a question i'll answer . you have sisters ?
no but i do have two turtles . do you have any pets or sisters ?
sisters who take care of me . turtles too but they don'thing .
yea they're lazy . i love video games it is my hobby . do you have hobby ?
i hate video games and hobbies . i fear all . never leave house .
what about movies ? i like gone with the wind .
nah not a big fan . too scary .
are you scared of everything ? sounds like a boring life .
you would be too if your uncle . . .
i got to clean my turtles cage today but i do not feel like it .
that is pretty boring news
yea but then i can play video games .
that's a false statement of turtles .
what do you mean by that ?
i think it is self explanatory paul .
persona
my parents are both dead.
i find joy in the littlest things.
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i refuse to ride the bus.
persona II
i am a vet tech.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i love to read.
my favorite author is stephen king.
i am a christian.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
i am good just watching a movie .
i love movies . what movie ?
watching the original it right now , i love horror movies .
ah . it scared me as a kid . so i've not watched the new one yet .
i love stephen king , i have read all of his books .
i do too ! my parents both passed but i used to read them to my mom .
aw i am sorry . i love reading . do you work ?
yes . but i have to walk there , i am too scared to take the bus . you ?
what do you do ? i work at a veterinarian office .
i work at a studio . so i listen to a lot of music .
oh that sounds fun . i love christian music .
me too . i find joy in any little thing . especially music .
yes , it can really turn your day around .
it sure can lift your spirits .
persona
i work with my wife.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
i'm a zookeeper.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
persona II
my mom and dad are from japan.
i love to shop.
i am an elementary school teacher.
i live in toronto , canada.
dialogue
how are you doing today
a bit tired but good . my wife and i work together at our zoo .
what is that work like
it is , and we doing well and my wife just became breast cancer free .
that's so good . good for you guys .
thank you , my daughter is graduating high school with honors
that's also cool . i love education
right now been trying to training twenty different animals ,
that sounds like a lot of work
it is but fulfilling . my wife and i enjoy what we do .
it is great that you do what you love
what about you what do you do for fun
i like to shop and go to the mall
that is awesome ! ! we hardly get to shop knowing our hectic schedule .
i bet . that's a lot of animals .
it is and time consuming
persona
i teach first grade.
i love to go shopping.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i married my high school sweetheart.
persona II
i like to create art.
i love to work in my garden.
i am an older guy.
my favorite band is ween.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
dialogue
hi there . tell me about yourself .
i am a teacher . first graders . i love pepperoni pizza and sweet tea
cool . i like pizza too . although i'm having some sushi right now .
my husband likes sushi . we have been together since high school
that's sweet . my wife and i have been married for 30 years .
that's great . i hope we make it that long . tell me more about you
i live a simple life , puttering in my garden and listening to music .
i shop for fun lol
do you like music ? you should listen to ween ! they're awesome .
never heard of them . are they a pop band ?
yes , they are great . what else do you like to do ?
i like to research fun easy for my students to learn
persona
i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
i cannot get enough of lindsey spirlings music.
i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.
i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.
if i were to be reincarnated , i would want to come back as a hippopotamus.
persona II
i'm still in love with my ex boyfriend.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
people say i have a cute laugh.
i working in a publishing building.
i love to cook for my family and friends.
dialogue
hi there ! how was your day today ?
fine i've been listening to lindsey sterling
i like her , she's so pretty . i wish i was like her
yes indeed . what do you do for a living ?
oh i work in the publishing industry . what about you ?
i don't work . i stay home and smoke
oh . my ex used to smoke . whenever i smell smoke now i remember him
it smells pretty bad . where are you from ?
i'm from the us . and yourself ?
i live in the united states as well . do you drink alcohol ?
sometimes . i go out with my guy friends and we have lots of fun lol
i like alcohol in my coffee
persona
i go visit them sometimes.
my best friend lives in a big city.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
i work at a grocery store.
persona II
my dog is a collie.
i love to travel with my family.
i have blue eyes and curly brown hair.
my favorite type of music is country.
dialogue
i like country . do you like that music ?
i do , whats your favorite aside from that ?
i love celtic as well .
where do you work at ?
i do not work yet . i want to be a singer .
that sounds nice . keep practicing
i do that every day .
good for you ! my mom works in the school system
awesome . i have a collie dog named tibby .
i do not have any pets i want some
i love animals . tibby is great .
do you live in a big city ?
no . i live near farms .
oh my vestie lives in a huge town
persona
i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
i am an art teacher.
i like to sew my own clothing.
i enjoy clothing with exotic prints.
sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.
persona II
my clients are gamblers.
i give out sports information.
i'm a small business owner.
i help them win a lot of money.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? i own a small business . i help clients win money .
i teach art . can you help with my money ?
they like to gamble and i try to give them a lot of sports information .
so i sell stuff in thrift stores how should i invest my money ?
yes , i would be happy to for a fee . i only charge one thousand per session .
chump change i make millions as a teacher . but i go to thrift stores too .
you must watch football to find your answer .
i watch baseball football is not so exciting . do you like exotic prints ? i do .
hmm , exotic plants you mean ?
no no , prints . like . . . weird looking prints on a shirt .
i guess so . i would have to see one .
yeah this is a sort of dull line of inquiry are you single ?
yes , i am single . i am too busy with clients .
i don't know if i am single . i think so ?
haha ! you are a very funny person .
that is kind of you to say but are you funny also ?
persona
both of my parents are teachers.
my sister and i are in a grunge band.
i've three roommates.
i work at a coffee shop.
i've an eyebrows piercing.
persona II
i've a wife and two kids.
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i want to be in a band someday.
my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.
dialogue
hi there . i'm paying my guitar . just woke up .
you play too ? i'm in a grunge band with my sister .
i hope to be in a band soon .
maybe you can audition for ours .
maybe . i ales most of the day because my job is quite demanding .
mine isn't quite so demanding . i am a barista at a coffee shop .
i meant to say sleep . i love coffee . you like working there ?
its alright , gives me a flexible schedule .
i wish mine did . i rarely see my wife and two kids .
what do you do for work ?
i'm an offshore oil rigger .
that must be an intense job .
its very demanding . and dangerous .
i can imagine . any piercings allowed at a job like that ?
oh yeah . we do not care what you look like as long as you work hard .
i've one , an eyebrow piercing .
persona
so i started a small business.
it s been doing better than i expected.
i sell miscelaneous stuff in local fairs.
i haven t had luck with finding a job.
i recently graduated from college.
persona II
we also have three dogs and two cats.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
my wife and i've 2 children.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
not bad getting ready to watch the nfl you ?
you know just living the life in texas
nice i am fresh out of college just started a computer business
that sounds like fun i work in pt
cool i had no job offers so i just started my own
i think both my cats hate me
haha why is that ? i prefer dogs
i also have 3 of those
that is gotta be a handful to manage
that's why they call me john
do you ever go to fairs ? i sometimes sell stuff there
like hot dogs ? i like hot dogs
no like crafts my mom makes it does fairly well
it is great you get a long
yea the parents have been a big help
persona
when people don't like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i like to cook new recipes.
i am from austin , texas.
i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
i like every post i see on social media.
persona II
i sing in the shower.
i'm content with my life.
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i've never had alcohol.
i am very shy.
dialogue
hello . how are you tonight . care for a quick chat ?
course for sure . . how are you ?
i am good . just nice talking to someone , it sucks being so shy .
that's the attitude bro . . even i am the same
well my dog is my best friend i tell him everything . you have pets ?
i have 3 dogs . . that's fun
nice ! i am like singing in the shower . you do anything silly like that ?
not really . . i am a party guy
i wish i was . i have to be content with my shyness .
where are you from now ?
i'm from tennessee . where are you from ?
i was in tennessee fr 2 yrs now in boston
oh nice ! lots of parties there , never went to one or even drank .
lol . . its time bro . . come out
persona
i work at the pizza parlor.
i m the oldest of three boys.
my mother was a single mother.
i grew up in the projects of chicago.
persona II
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
hello , i've 3 brothers and i'm the oldest
okay that must be a lot of work .
i'm from chicago i was raised in the projects
no siblings myself . are you at work ?
it is alot of work , because my mom is a single mom
that's tough . what does she do .
yes i am at work at my pizza parlor
that is fun . love pizza .
she owns the pizza parlor
amazing . do you have salad there ?
yes we have a huge salad bar and all you can eat pizza
eat a salad daily with tuna . rather pizza though .
i love tuna i may have to add that to my salad bar
yes do . healthy protein option .
my youngest brother is a health freak , he loves loves tuna
persona
i've male pattern baldness.
my mother doesn t ! ove me.
i've a parrot named parrot.
i'm a classicly trained chef.
persona II
i visit india often.
i do not like my job.
i'm an athlete.
i want to be an explorer.
dialogue
hello , how is it going ?
hi . are you hungry ? i can cook for you .
yes . what do you like to cook ?
there is nothing i cannot cook . i'm a chef .
lucky ! i wish i could be a chef !
are you allergic to birds ? my parrot , parrot , cooks too .
no , i love birds . especially parrots . they're so cool .
yep . he sits on my head to cover my baldness .
that is pretty funny . that is a sight to see
yep . he loves me though . . since my mom doesn't .
it seems he's so loved !
he's . are you married ?
i'm . my husband and i are traveling now .
cool . traveling alone or with kids ?
with our wonderful children ! we love to see the sights .
someday i will travel with parrot .
persona
i drive a ford truck.
my least favorite music is country.
i've long flowing hair.
i'm nearly 6 tall.
persona II
i m a profesional translator.
i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.
i want to become an author.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
great ! how are you today ?
could be better i've a lot of work
i just finished giving my ford truck an oil change . i am tired .
that sounds very tiring . i'm trying to write a book
wow ! what is the book about ?
it is about my life
life . that is a good subject . as long as it isn't about country music .
oh no no no , i don't like country
good to know . are you leading a good life ?
i'm . well will be soon when i get this book done
nice ! how much do you have left to write ?
about 30 more chapters
that's a lot ! i'd write about my ford truck if i wrote anything .
what sort of things would you say ?
that is a lot ! i would write about my ford truck if i wrote anything .
persona
i grow the tallest sunflowers you have ever seen.
i love agatha christie novels.
i spend most of my days working at my churchs food pantry.
my husband and i've a suicide pact.
i've 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
persona II
i cannot stand salads.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hi there . i am okay . how are you ? what are your hobbies ?
i like music reading , what about you ?
cool i love my garden . i grow huge sunflowers .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm retired now . i mostly volunteer at a food pantry nowadays .
what did you used to do ?
i was a writer . i was inspired by agatha christie novels , my favorite .
i love to read horror novels
same ! do you have a big family ?
yes i do , i've eight siblings
wow awesome . i've 5 children but 2 passed away .
what ? oh no what happened ?
it was such a tragedy . they died in a car accident .
persona
i am well built and tall.
i like the beatles.
my parents were scientists.
i work as a scientist.
i m in gymnastics.
persona II
i was born premature.
i recently broke my leg.
i live in texas.
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
dialogue
hello , how are you this fine rainy thursday ?
i'm good , only it is not raining here . what are you up to ?
binge watching supernatural , hard to do anything with a broken leg .
i am sorry to hear that . i am working on a lab right now .
i'd love stuff like that , my dad is trying to force me to be a journalist .
do you not like to write ?
writing is ok , but doing it for a living is not what i want .
i understand . my mom and dad were scientist so now , that is what i do
my mom blames my fragile bones on my birth . i was born 6 weeks early .
awe i'm sorry to hear , i'm really tall and work out a lot
haha i'm only 4 11 and a half .
i also do gymnastics , i love it
a tall person doing gymnastics ? i envy that .
haha , not as easy as it seems
persona
i love dark clothes.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
i work two jobs as a cashier.
i love non gmo foods.
persona II
my nickname is bubblegum.
my brother and i've bright red hair.
i love to sing in the shower.
i've found the cure for the common cold.
dialogue
my friends don't call me by my real name .
what do they call you then ?
bubblegum . i also have red hair like my sibling .
why do they call you that ?
it is because i found the antidote for the everyday sickness it tastes like bubblegum .
interesting , people think i am a goth because i like dark clothes .
not i , my brother and i are very outgoing , we both have red hair .
i also love non genetically modified foods .
i love to vocalize about food while bathing !
singing in the shower about squid ?
i sing about anything , i love it !
do you sing red hot chili pepper songs ?
yes ! i sing anything in the shower . especially about finding the cure !
the cure ? for what ?
the common cold ! that is what i found the cure for !
you seem to be very smart .
persona
i am a retired newspaper reporter.
i am a recovering alcoholic.
i live in a condo.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i've a large mustache.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
my favorite color is red.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
i'm tall.
dialogue
hi there ! says the tallest woman in the room always . . .
wow you but be really tall i did a newspaper story on tall girls
i'm 6 feet tall and i usually wear red just to stand out more .
i love red my new condo is wall papered red
oh that must be stunning ! mine is navy blue to honor my dad
my soon to be wife condo is next dore and hers is navy blue as well
my dad is a retired nyc police officer , so blue for him
that is so cool . i love retirement now i can focus on my aa meetings
more power to you ! my dad is in a elder care home
my dad is too . we both have mustaches that are really large
lol handlebar or broom ? i volunteer at the home so we see each other often .
broom and my girlfriend loves it
do not let her go ! ! ! not all women appreciate mustaches
i really want to marry her one day
persona
i only wear silver jewelry.
i've a rose tattooed on my right ankle.
i work in a doctor s office.
i'm studying to be a dental hygienist but i hate seeing patient s saliva.
there are thorns tattooed on my toes.
persona II
i love the color pink.
i love to swim.
i love pasta.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
dialogue
hey there how we doing tonight
i'm well how are you ?
i am doing well just doing the things i love . eat pasta and swimming
that's cool . i've body art and i hate my job .
that is awesome i love body art
yes i have a rose tatoo
i've my favorite singer tattooed . britney spears ! !
i only wear silver because i am afraid of vampires .
that is smart i wear the color pink , i love it
britney spears is cool . i like pink also .
there we go ! ! how is your saturday going
it is going pretty good . yours ?
doing pretty well about to watch some dragon ball in a little
that is cool i used to watch that show alot .
something to do , so where you from i live in georgia
yes it is . i'm from california .
persona
my brother lives in england.
i have a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite food is sushi.
my favorite tv show is friends.
i own my own business.
persona II
i'm a happy person.
i like to fish.
i love dogs.
i love to cook.
dialogue
hello . i just finished my dinner here . how was your day ?
been doing well , watching friends and knitting tonight .
sounds like a nice night in . me and my dogs are happy .
how many dogs do you have ?
just 2 . they're nice company when i go fishing .
i love to go out on the boat to fish while at my mexico timeshare
that sounds awesome . i bet you catch good stuff .
sometimes , it depends on the weather .
i bet . same here . just makes a person happy to be fishin
it is probably the most relaxing way to spend the day off , that and getting sushi
i like cooking . sushi rolls are really fun to make .
sushi is really fun to make , but my favorite thing to make is stir fry
any of your fish make it in your stir fry
nah , chicken stir fry is the one my family prefers
persona
i can play piano.
i like to listen to country music.
i work at a bar.
people say i can cook well.
persona II
sometimes , i've sword fights with strangers in the park.
i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.
not a day goes by that i don t drink four mountain dews.
my favorite hobby is chess.
dialogue
can i tell you a secret ?
i am sure you can . what is it ?
i run up to total strangers in parks sometimes , and try and sword fight them
most people do not have swords with them . what do you do then ?
use sticks , i've too much energy , 4 mountains dews a day makes me hyper
so , you are telling me that you occasionally assault people with sticks in parks ?
i mean if they aren't into it , i do not push it , but yeah i guess
and , your reasoning for doing this is four mountain dews . very interesting .
what can i say , i am an imaginative person
i don't think imaginative is the adjective . woh cool rhyme .
poet and you didn't know it
i make a rhyme every time .
so do you like movies ?
yes , movies are fun . music is my passion . i play piano at a bar .
i like movies where aliens attack earth , what genre of music do you play
i like those too . i play jazz at work but i love country music .
persona
i'm in college.
my mom is a janitor.
i like cartoons.
i still live at home.
i listen to death metal.
persona II
i love to sing.
i can play the piano.
i am a vegetarian.
i'm a night owl.
i am a dancer.
dialogue
hi how are you ? what music do you like ?
hi , i am fine . i like death metal , what about you ?
i like more melodical stuff . . . that i can sing , or play at the piano .
oh i see , a very chill person . do you go to school or work ?
i work , as a dancer . i should try dancing to death metal some time !
oh i see , a very chill person . do you go to school or work ?
yes , very chill . . . also a night owl . what about you ?
oh yes , definitely a night owl , i live with my parents .
what food do you like ?
nothing healthy ! basically top ramen , microwave ready mac and cheese , yum .
yes , that is no healthy . i am actually a vegetarian . what do you do ?
wow , what do you eat then ? i go to the local college and study .
everything but meat , cheese , and eggs ! what do you study ?
i study astronomy ! i love the galaxy . where do you work as a dancer ?
persona
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i drive only toyota.
i talk a lot in irc.
i like pepsi.
persona II
i work in finance.
i live walking distance from work.
i enjoy playing soccer.
i don't like coffee.
dialogue
i love playing soccer
is that your job then ?
no it not its my favorite sport
where do you work then soccer person ?
i'm a stay at home mom and a baker
do you make cookies mother ?
yes cookies pies cakes cup cakes
chocolate chip is my favorite gimme gimmeeee
yeah i like them to
what kind of car do you drive ?
mazda sports car love it
i only drive toyota cars
why is tat lol
they are just so great and safe . have you seen top gear ?
no i've not is it a good movie
its a tv show . they tested toyotas on it
persona
i don t like acting.
i don t like kids.
i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
my father was a famous actor.
i have 3 ex wives.
persona II
i've 5 kids.
i love new gadgets.
i love to socialize.
i love to draw.
i'm great with babies.
dialogue
hi , want to chat with me ?
sure do ! tell me about yourself .
well i am a mom with five little kids
that is gross ! i hate kids
oh no . i love babies
they are the worst ! i can not deal with any kids and will never have any
never say never . raising babies is very rewarding
i've previously been married 3 times and am not looking for a fourth
well i hope you find your happiness elsewhere then
i do i own 3 ferrari
why do you need three ? do they make you happy ?
they do it is a hobby of mine
is it important that you impress others ?
yep ! i've to keep my social status looking clean and fancy
i think it is better to have a few close friends
i don't need friends when i have money
persona
i own four german shepherds.
i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
i have created my own personal religion.
i only buy convertible cars.
persona II
i already have 3 children.
i am 26 years old.
i'll be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i found out that i'm carrying twins.
i've thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
just prepping my 4 german shepherds to take their shift watching out for ghosts !
that sounds fun . unfortunately , i've an injury , on top of carrying twins .
that is too bad , i started my own religion , maybe it could help you ?
i could use all the prayers i can get , this will make 5 children for me
wow , that is a lot . think they could all fit in a convertible ? i only buy those .
they could . count me out , i vomit every morning because of the twins i'm carrying
wow . vomit is gross , especially from ghosts ! i have seen that happen a few times , ghosts vomiting !
the doctor has me assigned to bed rest for almost half a year . come visit me ?
you mind if i bring the four dogs ? they love convertible rides .
sure ! my 3 kids are very good around animals .
awesome , hopefully i get there before there's 5 so each one gets a dog !
what a great idea ! just don't bring any ghosts around .
i will try not to , but they seem to like me . that's why the dogs are on watch !
do you have any personal home remedies for morning pregnancy sickness ?
i usually just pray to the convertible gods of my church , then go for a ride !
persona
i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.
i own a black suburban.
i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.
i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.
persona II
i play the guitar.
my father recently had a heart attack.
i write short films.
i'm a lesbian.
dialogue
hi there . i'm just playing my guitar .
oh , cool ! electric or acoustic ? me , just got back from running to soccer practice
acoustic . i use it for the soundtrack of my movies .
you are movies ? whoa cool ! you do stuff on youtube or something ?
no real movies . i won an award at sundance for best lesbian director .
wow . . i didn't even know that was a category . ll .
haha . i dedicated the last film to my father . he just had a heart attack .
awww . . . i am sorry to hear that .
its ok . he is made a full recovery .
well that's good ! i had a good friend of mine pass away from a heart condition
oh i'm so sorry . heart conditions can come as a surprise .
well , she's was born with it , and knew it was a possibility but . .
you never fully prepare to lose a friend .
yeah . . . so , what else do you like ? i'm in several book clubs and the pta . .
i was in the pta when my kid was younger . its very time consuming
oh , you can imagine , i have got three of them to juggle . . .
persona
i've a brother but we don t talk much yet.
i've a few pet iguanas.
i am pretty poor financially.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
persona II
i have a golden retriever.
my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
my favorite subject in school is math.
i have a little sister.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you ?
i'm doing really well , how about you
i'd be better if my little sister stopped barging into my room .
i'm lucky then cause i haven't seen my brother in years
oh wow , do you have other family near to you ?
i don't sadly and i can't afford to travel to see them either but i have pets
i've a dog ! she's a golden retriever named bella .
i'd like a dog but right now i've iguanas
sis just came in again . i just want to finish my math homework !
maybe you could train bella to read and help you finish your homework faster
that is a great idea ! i wonder if she would love math like i do ?
wish i loved math , maybe i could budget effectively and not be so broke
i'm glad i do not need to worry about that yet .
it really is nice , even worth your sister barging into your room !
what else are you into ?
i like animals and nature as a whole , how about you
persona
i do not have a job.
i love the walking dead.
i love comics.
i am a couch potato.
persona II
i work as a tutor for english literature.
my sister is a guitarist.
my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.
i like going barefoot.
i can knit.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
not too bad , how about yourself ?
not bad . could be better . i stepped on a rock while barefoot .
that is no fun . personally i don't get out much
i like to be barefoot outside . makes me feel one with the earth .
i'm kind of a couch potato . i enjoy relaxation
i love to read . gotta have a big comfy couch for that .
very true . i love reading comics . what is your favorite thing to read ?
i'm reading pride and prejudice now . but i love stephen king .
steven king is good from what i hear . i'm obsessed with walking dead comics
never ; even saw that show . heard lots though .
well there is a show and a comic series . i prefer the comics
didn't know there was a comic series . maybe i'll get for my son .
if he is interested in comics he will probably like them
he does enjoy comics . he collects them actually .
what are his favorites ? i'm very into comics
persona
i work in car sales.
i drive an acara.
my wife is a hairdresser.
my favorite beer is coors.
persona II
i'm passionate about a lot of things.
my back hurts chronically.
i just want my voice to be heard.
i tend to work myself up.
i'm an old soul.
dialogue
good morning ! actually , its not that great , my back is killing me !
that's no fun . you should kick back a coors , it will help you relax .
i never did learn to relax . i was always busy being the grown up , i guess
rough childhood i take it ? so what do you do ?
i am an activist . mostly for animal rights , but i also advocate for the homeless
cool . my wifes a hairdress , but volunteers at animal shelters when she can
that is great ! the world needs more people like her . so , what do you do ?
i am a car salesman . my cars an acara . i have got some new hybrids on the floor .
hybrids are great for the environment . i could go on forever about how people mistreat the earth
you sound like a very good activist . so you have any pets ?
i have a big fluff ball of a dog . how about you ?
we have 4 cats . they are so odd at times .
persona
i like to go for bike rides.
i like to skateboard.
i like the guitar.
i'm a vegan.
i like music.
persona II
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
i have borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
dialogue
i never miss a music festival . what kind of music do you like ?
i like acoustic guitar music and you ?
big club scene in atlanta with lots of parties and music . i like all kinds of music .
nice ! i am in a small suburb outside of detroit , so not the biggest scene .
i'm in the suburbs but its worth the drive . its different from home and work .
a very good point ! what else do you like to do in your spare time ?
i work in a upscale , fancy part of town . then the club scene and then home .
nice ! i like bike riding around my little town . that and skateboarding !
being a dental assistant takes up most of my time so not much free time .
i can imagine ! i am a waitress so my schedule is pretty flexible .
i used to skateboard and bmx but too many injuries so now just music festivals .
yeah i am definitely getting too old i should switch to festivals
a club in atlanta is hiring waitresses . come on down if you like loud music .
hey ! i'm going to check that out ! thanks !
sorry i meant waitress . but they're always hiring and its a big party scene .
sounds like a lot of fun !
persona
i write short films.
i'm a lesbian.
my father recently had a heart attack.
i play the guitar.
i like to go to comic con.
persona II
my family migrated to america when i was five.
i'll be graduating in september and hope to get a teaching job soon.
i'm in college now and want to be a teacher.
my brother is in a metal band and travels the world.
dialogue
hey ! hows everything going ? i'm just jamming to this metal band my brother is in .
i'm doing well thank you . just been working on a short film myself .
sounds like fun . my brother travels the world with this band .
oh do you think he allow me to do a short film about him ?
he sure will ! our family migrated to america when i was five .
where did you migrate from ?
brazil . i am in college now and trying to be a teacher .
nice , do you comics ? i was just at comic con .
comics are fun ! i have been reading them in between college material
i had to leave early , my father had a heart attack .
sorry to hear . my college ends september and i hope to find a job soon after .
maybe join your brother band ?
he does travel the world ! anything else going on with you ?
not much , been playing my guitar alot since my girlfriend broke up with me .
sorry to hear . i graduate in september maybe we can play guitar together .
sure maybe . if i do a short film about your brother that is .
persona
i've been at my job for seven years.
i'm a vegan.
i love the beach.
i like to read.
i love country music.
persona II
i'm a professional horse racing handicapper.
i haven't been on a date since high school.
i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.
i'm trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
dialogue
hi . how are you today ?
i am great . how about you
i'm good too . i'm currently looking for a date
what are you looking for in a date ?
anyone that's not crazy lol . i've not dated since high school
where did you go to high school ?
in mexico . how about you ?
i went to high school i n boston
cool ! and what do you do for a living ?
i've been working a amazon for the past seven years . what do you do ?
wow that's a stable job . i'm a handicapper for horse racing
what does that job require on a daily basis ?
i pretty much bet on horse races
that sounds like a very fun job
persona
since i have fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i grew up on a large farm.
i just moved from va to pa.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
persona II
i own a corvette.
i like to surf.
i live in california.
i am a mechanic.
dialogue
corvette , that's what i own , you ?
uh , no , nothing so fancy . we actually drive a truck .
surfing is what i really like
you must be young . i like crafts , especially working with beads .
well in california , where i live its easy
how long have you been surfing ?
3 weeks , i have a job as a mechanic , i fix things
that's a great skill . can you fix cars ?
i've a corvette , so um yes
that's good . do you have a family ?
yes but surf and sand , that's what i like
you could take kids with you to the beach .
persona
i like cooking healthy meals.
i enjoy dating women.
i m retired.
i like to go out to the bars.
persona II
i like to water ski.
my favorite color is red.
my dad was a cop.
i'm tall.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am doing good , enjoying being a retiree , you ?
a little on the tired side , long day . enjoying last of the warm weather
so you don't want to hit the bars , go meet some women with me ?
i wouldn't even know how , i am kind of tall and geeky , don't get out much
i could help you get some dates too . i enjoy cooking healthy meals , get you in shape
well , my dad being a cop , kind of scares everyone off
does he ? he would not scare me
i wouldn't think so , but apparently its intimidating to some
maybe we should take him to the bars , loosen him up a little
he is pretty cool and relaxed considering he is a cop . they assume he is not
what else do you enjoy ?
water skiing , that is what i was doing today with my cousins
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you live somewhere warm
persona
my mother is a dentist.
my favorite tv show is silicon valley.
i am a baker.
i've 2 sisters.
i like to play tennis.
persona II
my wife is a college professor.
i have one little girl.
my mother was a concert pianist.
i graduated top of my class.
dialogue
hi , my wife is a university professor
how are you doing today ?
i am ok . i only have a little daughter .
where do you currently work ?
i'm currently unemployed but graduated top of the class
what did you major in ?
i did not go to college unfortunately
oh , i see . what are your hobbies ?
i like playing the piano . what about you ?
i like the drums . i am no good though .
oh , that's alright you can practice and get better . are you employed ?
i'm employed . i'd with food .
do you have any family members ?
i've a mom . she's very close to me .
how nice . my mom was a concert pianist
that's great . i'll bet she loved that .
persona
my mom is my best friend.
i love iced tea.
i've four sisters.
i'm terrified of heights.
i believe that mermaids are real.
persona II
i believe i hear voices.
i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
heller ! i'm doing great . drinking iced tea . i love it .
what do you do for a living ?
i work cleaning skyscraper windows but fights terrify me .
what city are you in ?
i live in arcadia fl , with my four sisters and my mom .
do you have any hobbies ?
looking for mermaids . i believe they are real . how about you .
i wish i could be with the pool boy
pool boys are my jam . my mom is my best friend .
do you have any hobbies ?
watching mermaids and pool boys . ll
persona
i used to fly planes for a living.
i now live in new mexico.
i'm an orphan.
i grew up in nevada.
i like dogs.
persona II
i like baths.
my father lives in china.
i've a boxer dog.
i like to listen to music.
i like to exercise.
dialogue
my boxer , hoodoo , and i say hello !
hello to you and hoodoo , and a scratch for him
he loves classical music . i find it hard to exercise to . you have any hobbies ?
i do , anytime with my dog is fun time and travel . you ?
i love to travel . my father is in china , we visit often as possible . hoodoo likes baths .
i also have been to china , bathing a boxer sounds messy . . .
it is . he gets slobber everywhere . what kind of dogs do you have ?
mixed breed golden lab and i do not know , happy dog
those are the best . i had a black lab . he was something else .
i love mine , very loyal and affectionate . what happened to yours ?
he was old , and passed from natural causes .
if they have to go that is not the worst way , but sorry to hear it
its always a painful process , but then another comes along to help heal the pain .
i know , i too have lost one , but still have the other , not easy
no , and i always think there is a little bit of the old dog in the new .
wow , me too , just afraid people would think i was crazy for saying so
persona
i am a roofer.
i drive a lifted chevy truck.
i played football in high school.
my favorite food is steak cooked well done.
persona II
i go to a local college.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
i work at a smoothie shop.
i watch basketball.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i'm wonderful . just enjoying a delicious steak , how are you ?
actually i am totally into health food vegan and i work at smoothie shop
oh that mush be fun for you . i am a roofer .
tough job ! you need to eat meat for that . i'm just a college student .
ah , hence the steak , well done , the best !
ever grill ? do you like sports at all ?
i did play football in high school . i watch on tv every now and then . you ?
yeah , i do watch sports on tv too college basketball .
nice . never much for basketball myself .
what position did you play on the football team ?
quarterback . i was not great at it , but it was a small school .
persona
i work at a restaurant as waiter.
i'm a cyclist.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm single.
persona II
i like fishing.
i usually catch sunfish.
i'm a simple man.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i cannot eat them but they're pretty.
dialogue
how are you today ? i am just having some beer by the creek .
cool i am good we need to hang thing because i've the pizza !
perfect , because i cannot eat these sunfish . they're pretty at least
i work as a waiter at a local restaurant . you should come check it out
i would but i am a pretty simple guy . do not dine out much .
well i am single so its on me . now you do not have an excuse
ll i guess i don't . rather do beer and pizza with a campfire .
okay i am a cyclist so that's perfect . i am in the woods alot anyway
i've a great spot for riding , even put a bridge over the creek
i do alot of triathlons so that sounds perfect . you play any sports ?
i am not that into sports unless you count hunting and fishing . you fish ?
i love fishing . catfishing specifically . i go as much as i can
sounds like we are going to be good friends
yes we are . what kinda shows do you like to watch
i watch a lot of the nature channel and nat geo
i am into action and thriller typer shows or movies
persona
i like standing in the rain.
sometimes i wish my computer would work faster.
rita hayworth is the woman of my dreams.
my glasses are always dirty and i can t seem to get them clean.
persona II
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
i like to fly kites.
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
i work out every other day.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am good , aside from the fact that my computer is so slow .
ugh , that is horrid . i've to go to the gym later , do you workout ?
occasionally , unless it is raining . then i just stand in the rain .
i fly kites in high wind , it is so thrilling .
the only thing thrilling to me anymore is rita hayworth . i love her .
she's so timeless ! i adore audrey hepburn .
i have no idea what she looks like . my glasses are perpetually dirty .
she's a redhead . very pretty and very much her own woman in hollywood .
well you know what they say about redheads . . .
i do , i am one .
. . they have the best colored hair !
we truly do . do you watch sports ?
yeah . when i'm not standing in the rain i like to watch football .
persona
i love the snow.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
i like to surf every chance i get.
i m saving for college.
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
persona II
my wife is legally deaf.
my parents are both over age 100.
i have six brothers.
my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
tired i work 3rd shift at the hilton
oh okay my brother runs a studio
if it wasn't raining i would be out surfing
that's cool . one of my brothers lives in hollywood
nice i love snow but no snow in sacramento
i understand . i do not get to travel as much as i would like
one day i hope to go to ucla
that would be cool . my wife can not hear
i could not imagine a robert deniro movie with no sound
it is not the same . i watch it with my 100 year old parents
wow count your stars my mom passed last year
i'm so sorry . i'm glad i still get to spend time with them
it is fine she passed in her sleep so no pain
that's good . do you have siblings
just the one left . my brother passed in iraq
persona
my favorite singer is britney spears.
i love the color pink.
i enjoy being outside.
i love to swim.
persona II
i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.
since young i ve loved to cook.
i think i have talent for it.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
dialogue
sigh . i didn't pass that audition i had earlier .
well don't feel too bad i never got my scholarship for swim team either
that stinks . i really think i've a real skill here , i do not understand .
i know the feeling my niece feels the same about her idol
i mean , i have always loved to cook . my entire life has been about it .
wow master chef ? ? my life has always been outdoors
that is actually the show i tried out for . where are you from ?
i live in santa monica where the sunsets are my favorite color pink
that sounds beautiful . i have always been a sunset fan .
yeah i moved here working a venue for britney spears concert and never left
i wonder how she's these days .
i know right funny my niece adored her forever now its all ed sheeran
i am so out of touch with new music . classic rock is life .
my first concert was skid row so i can understand
persona
i am a mother of 5.
i like to draw.
i like to do crafts.
i like to watch movies.
persona II
my name is albert.
i used to be a lawyer.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i am a judge in the circuit court.
dialogue
hey hows it going , tell me something about yourself
i just got all 5 kids down to sleep ! how about you ?
i'm albert ! i'm just relaxing with some netflix
i just watched the first defenders show . what are you watching ?
monk , i love detective work . i was previously a lawyer when i was younger
i thought about being a lawyer . decided against it . too many long hours .
i don't have a woman or kids , so its not so bad
with five there'sn't much time left for anything else . seen any good movies ?
i just watched it the remake , it was great
too scary for me ! i hate horror movies .
i am currently a judge , i see scary cases all the time
i would think that would mean you'd rather not be surrounded by it in entertainment too !
its an acquired taste i think
perhaps . i prefer quiet crafts and room movies .
persona
i lost my arm in a car accident.
i'm the youngest of 4 children.
i'm a farmer.
i like to hike.
persona II
i love animals.
i love to walk in the woods.
i love to watch ted talks.
i like to stay fit.
i don t much like tv.
dialogue
hows it going . i'm here petting my doggy
good , sorry if i'm slow i only have one arm .
like seriously or is this part of the scenario ?
i was in a car accident and it got chopped off but i can still farm .
that is crazy . youre a strong willed man . lets take a walk in the woods
how did you know that i like to hike ?
i didn't . i was gonna pull an old yeller on you
lol do you have a dog ?
i've many animals . i'm an animal enthusiast . i don't watch tv though
i've one his name is alfie my 3 older siblings bought him for me .
lucky you . the closest thing i've to family are ted talks
do you mean you go to ted talks ?
no i just listen to them haha . as background noise mostly
i like them also i have a friend who was on one .
persona
i'ven t spoken to my family in years.
i enjoy hitchhiking.
i live alone.
formal situations make me uncomfortable.
persona II
i like the taste of cheese.
i hate to drive.
i'm younger then 46.
i like the music group the backstreet boys.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm doing well . just relaxing at home . how are you ?
eating my favorite tasty cheese
what kind of cheese is it ?
cheddar or something my age is below 46
okay . what do you do for fun ?
here i hate really driving
i don't like driving either . i do like hitchhiking though
have you heard of backstreet boys
yes i've heard of them . do you like them ?
i m really into their music
cool . do you like going to concerts ?
but i don t really like going to concerts do you
yeah i like pretty much anything except for any type of formal situation
what else do you do for fun
i like being by myself mostly . i'm not close with many people
persona
when i was a child i was kidnapped by my uncle.
i am afraid to leave the house.
i live with my sisters and they provide me with all my needs.
i love to clean my house.
i enjoy reading.
persona II
my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.
i love the smell of leather.
i own 30 pairs of shoes.
i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
i love to skate and ski.
dialogue
hello , what do you do for fun ?
hi , how are you ? i enjoy reading and cleaning my home . you ?
i love cars and motorcycles . not much into home decorating .
unfortunately , i do not drive . my sisters take me everywhere i need to go
i love to travel in cars , or even places i can do extreme sports like ski .
i am actually afraid to leave my house most times
sorry to hear that . do you have lots of family or pets to be with ?
thanks , i was kidnapped by an uncle when i was young , that is why i am scared
wow , that is very dark . i hope you got counseling .
yes , i did , i have my sisters who help me . no pets though . you ?
cats and some little dogs .
oh cool , what breeds of dogs ?
persona
i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
i'm an insurance salesman.
i live alone in my condo.
i post on reddit often.
persona II
i like going to rock concerts.
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
i grew up on a farm.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
great ! just waiting for the weekend so i can go for a bike ride
that sounds nice . i'm going to a concert this weekend .
cool . i won concert tickets from my job . best insurance salesman of the month
that's great ! what concert ?
foo fighters . what concert are you going to ?
i'm also going to foo fighters ! i love rock music
me too . i was following a thread on reddit about them . i love reddit
reddit is great , i found a good recipe for eggs and bacon on there .
one time i burned my eggs and smelled up my condo
that sounds rough . i spent my childhood on a farm so i'm good with the eggs
good thing i live alone but i bet a farm is nice
it really was . i lived there until my family moved across the country on my 18th birthday
bet you were sad to leave
persona
i like playing badminton.
my family owns a dairy farm.
i'm not very good at playing basketball.
i don't really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
i once rescued a baby on a highway.
persona II
my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
my favorite color is red.
i've 2 turtles.
i've purple hair.
dialogue
hey there . hows it going ?
i am doing well . hows your weekend been ?
not bad . i'm just watching my favorite movie with my turtles . you ?
i'm resting up . i usually play badminton on the weekends .
i see . how would you do ?
i'm really good ! but i horrible with basketball . do you like sports ?
i like watching a few sports . i would prefer watching gone with the wind though .
nice ! what do you do for work ?
i just got hired as a cna ! i have to dye my hair before i start though . . .
what color is your hair now ?
ll . . . purple p apparently , its not appropriate for a nursing facility .
lol i've blue highlights but i work for my family dairy farm
nice ! i guess i will go back to red . it is my favorite color .
cool . do you like nursing ?
it can be emotionally difficult but i like to help people in need .
i like helping too . i once saved a baby from a car on the highway .
persona
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to draw other people.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to drink tea.
persona II
i'm currently unemployed.
i still live with my parents.
my birthday is in june.
i've a cat.
summer is my favorite season.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
hello ! i am doing well . how are you ?
i'm doing good , trying to keep warm
to stay warm , i enjoy drinking tea . do you like tea ?
what is your favorite season ? yes i like tea .
my favorite season is summer . what is yours ?
my favorite season is summer as well . i also like spring time
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to go out to eat , to the movies , walks around the park
i like creating art . i like drawing , especially drawing portraits of people .
i like art as well . i currently have opened my own online shop
that is great that you like art as well !
persona
i am a steelers fan.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i love to travel.
i am a psychology major.
persona II
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
i'm a mother of three.
i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i am bipolar.
dialogue
good evening , how are you ?
great . just trying to plan out my next vacation . what about you ?
just getting my 3 kids fed . its hard being bipolar but they'ren't picky on food .
at least they'ren't picky . that would be annoying
true . specially since i could just eat hummus and pita bread every day . lol
oh hummus is delicious . do you listen to music at all ?
i do . i like top 40 , pop , swing .
the best one is avett brothers
right on ! i'm a am nurse . what do you do ?
i'm a counselor with a major in psychology
very cool . does that keep you very busy ?
oh yeah . i have a lot of vacation time though so i travel a lot
i would love to travel someday .
you should . it is so worth it
i know . i just got to find the time .
do you watch sports at all ?
persona
i can speak four languages fluently.
i am an award winning 4h member.
i work as a plumber.
i can do many celebrity impressions.
persona II
i like to play video games.
i am a scientist.
i'm an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i live alone.
dialogue
hello there . how are you this afternoon ?
i am doing well , now that work is over . how are you ?
doing well . just preparing a big meal for myself .
it is pizza tonight , no one wants to try the new italian place with me .
i'm an expert at making italian cuisine .
i only speak italian , i don't cook .
i cook five different styles of cuisine .
i speak five languages , counting english .
wow . i would be happy if i could just speak spanish .
i would be happy if i could cook pasta , lol
cooking is simple if you are willing to learn .
i'm a plumber . i'm happy with being able to fix things .
i work as a scientist , but i would much rather just play video games .
i love video games . i did 4h as a kid .
i lived in the city , no 4h for me .
that is too bad , it is a lot of fun
persona
i work in finance.
i went to an elite ivy league school.
i look down on people who didn't.
i eat out more than three times a week.
persona II
i work as a public affairs liaison.
i drive a 2011 volkswagen passa.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i'm a national guard officer.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i'm lovely . thanks for asking .
that's nice , i've got a busy day ahead of me how about you ?
i always have busy days . money never sleeps .
oh what do you do ?
i am a wealth management consultant and an ivy league graduate . whats your pedigree ?
nice ! i am a public affairs liaison in the national guard .
hmm . . . so you did not go to an ivy league school ? or even west point ?
nope , i enlisted straight out of high school and worked up .
how . . . . noble of you , i guess .
us common folks were more than good enough for uncle sam .
i'dn't know what you mean . my uncle is a princeton grad .
persona
i am from mexico.
i like to go on walks.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
i like to bake.
persona II
my favorite hero is flash.
i type one handed.
i prefer summer.
i do not like dresses.
dialogue
hello . care for a chat ?
hi sure i'd love to . do you speak spanish ? i grew up in mexico .
no . i don't . sorry taking so long . one handed typer here .
no problem its ok my spanish is rusty , i walked over here about 20 years ago .
walked ! you must of been tired . too bad you could be like my hero flash .
i love flash , i love walking too , i accidentally walked across the border one day .
bet you are happy now ? what season was it ?
it was the summer , yes i'm a teacher now and i teach children about mexico .
nice i love summer . just don't like wearing those dresses .
oh those summer dresses are my favorite !
i just cannot stand dresses . so you got any hobbies ?
well i was a chef back in mexico and i am a big baker , but nothing serious .
persona
i started at google on an internship.
i'm a software engineer.
i live in seattle.
i work at google.
persona II
i'm a mother.
i am a wife.
i love my grandchildren.
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i live by a lake.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ? have you ate yet ?
names van and started my internship for google .
hello , van . nice to meet you . i'm mia . i watch my grandchildren .
that's awesome . i'm living in seattle but will move to cali by next month
i am in florida , my husband is a detective and we own an upholstery shop
wow , i started my internship with google . now work for them .
very nice . i live on the lake , it is so soothing .
i've a passion being a software engineer
i was going to go to school , but my daughter decided to start a family early .
wow that is , you can still go to school while she hasa kid
not while they are toddlers . she and her husband both work and go to school .
i understand how hectic that can be
i enjoy it , i am only 40 , maybe in a few years .
well if you want to wait you can
what kind of car do you drive ?
i drive a nissan sentra sv
persona
i am from mexico.
i like to bake.
i like to go on walks.
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
persona II
i'm touring with frank ocean.
i just bought a new mansion.
i'm a rapper.
i drive a ferrari.
dialogue
frank ocean and i are glad i tour skipped florida !
yes , florida is in bad shape now , i'm glad i live in mexico .
awesome . i almost bought my new mansion there but decided on daytona instead .
i wish i lived in a mansion if i did i'd bake cakes all the time .
all my rapper brethren have one so i bought one ! come bake in mine !
awesome , we could all bake and rap . do you like to cook ?
no i am too busy driving my ferrari . you cannot touch that !
wow a ferrari , personally i'd rather walk its good excercise .
that is true . just not as cool !
love the mc hammer reference , what is really cool is cooking , i can teach you .
well i have baked before but not food . . . . .
i can teach you to bake , i used to be a chef but now i just teach .
nice . do you like to teach ?
i love it , but mostly i love long walks on the beach .
persona
my father died when i was 2.
i love fishing.
i hate to lose.
i have blue eyes.
persona II
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
i love to walk my dog everyday after work.
i want to be a famous actor.
i also dance and sing.
my english isn't very good yet.
dialogue
hello , do you like movies ?
yes i do . but i prefer to go fishing outside than staying inside .
i used to fish in tokyo , but i moved to los angeles .
do you like la ? i have never been .
yes very much . i came here to be actor , but i sing and dance too .
that is awesome . is your family supportive ?
my family in japan . hard to talk to . but my dog love me very much .
aw . yeah my mom isn't around and my dad died when i was 2 .
oh no . sorry . that very hard . what do you do for work ?
i am working on becoming an eye model . my blue eyes are one of a kind .
wow blue eyes are pretty . are you in magazines ?
i'll be soon hopefully . what about you ?
not yet . but i go by many magazine racks , while walking my dog after work .
nice . i have a cat . he's crazy
persona
my mom is a janitor.
i'm in college.
i still live at home.
i listen to death metal.
persona II
i hate to drive.
i'm younger then 46.
i like the taste of cheese.
i need to take 4 pills a day to live.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am good , how are you ?
surviving , i've to take lots of medicine to live .
bummer . that sounds not fun .
it is what it is . i'm not even 46 either , seems young .
life is brutal . that is why death metal is the best music for life .
i've not heard much of that . i do not listen to a lot of radio
its pretty popular . there should be a local death metal radio station where you live .
i'm sure there is . i hate driving , so the opportunity doesn't come much
what do you do for a living ? i'm a college student .
i no longer work , i'm paid disability . what do you study ?
i study music . mostly death metal .
that's interesting . what do you hope to do with that ? i love experimenting with cheese .
i hope to become a successful janitor , like my mother .
persona
my hobby is photography.
i do not own a television.
i know how to pilot a plane.
i live in the mountains.
i'm a lawyer.
persona II
i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
i've no technological skills.
i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.
i love the outdoors.
dialogue
hello how are you doing , today , my name is phil
great , do you need a ride or are you looking for help on a legal case ?
how did you guess i am stuck in remoteness past
i do not watch television . anyways , where do you need to be picked up by plane ?
i am not good with technology , but i sure i can fine out
ok , i'll photo you and then you can enter my plane .
do you like outdoors , i sure do , maybe we go to the park
i live on a mountain . you can skydive into a park from my plane .
i'm scared of skydiving , but love to go there and creat videos
i don't like to watch any type of television .
not even discovery channel , i work there
nope . i am a lydite .
lydite , that's something new for me
luddite , not into technology . but i like my camera , and plane .
persona
i like to travel.
i love the outdoors.
i like to build things.
i like to garden.
i'm tall.
persona II
i was born on christmas day.
i went to law school.
i'm an excellent baker.
my landlord is raising my rent.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight ?
doing well . how about you ?
i am good but so annoyed with my landlord
how come ? what did your landlord do
he raised my rent . not cool . especially when i made in a pie
that wasn't nice . do you grow your own fruit ?
i don't but i bake with fruit . do you ?
i don't bake , but i love to grow things .
that is really cool ! what do you grow ?
fruits and veggies . i am going to build some raised beds for next season .
cool . i've been wanting to build raised beds too
being 6 foot tall , it is hard on my back to bend over .
i went to school at duke law with a super tall guy who had back issues
being tall is only fun for playing basketball . lol are you a lawyer ?
yes i am . another fun fact my birthday is december 25
did you get double presents on that day ?
persona
i live in my parent s basement.
i m a vegetarian.
i read a lot of used books.
i work in a flower shop.
persona II
i've 1 pair of shoes.
i am allergic to shellfish and cats.
i only eat at restaurants.
i like having my back scratched.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
dialogue
hi there . tell me about yourself
hello ! i love flowers , so became a florist ! how about you ?
i love cats but i am allergic to them
that's a shame ! i only eat vegetables , sometimes fish . mostly vegetarian though .
i'm allergic to shell fish and i prefer eating at restaurants .
no allergies here ! i live at home , my parents let me live in the basement
my mom has 500 different pairs of shoes . i only have 1 pair .
do you read ? i enjoy used books , so much cheaper than buying new !
very true i like to read and have my back scratched .
back scratches are amazing ! i wish i could hire someone to do it !
i do to ! i have to use my scratcher i bought .
i have one that extends , it is awesome ! i bring it around in my purse .
i've one that extends and is in the shape of a hand .
haha mine is a bear paw
that is so cool . do you have a favorite restaurant ?
yes ! olive garden , how about you ?
persona
my major is business.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i love the beach.
i like to party.
i am in college.
persona II
i work in the it industry.
i am a christian.
my father used to work for microsoft.
i like football.
dialogue
hi how ar you doing ?
hi ! doing good . how are you ?
i am good thankyou for asking
great ! i was just doing some homework . i am a college student majoring in business .
what city are you from ?
los angeles ! i'm a beach baby ! you ?
i am in riverside . ever been ?
yes actually i've . do you party much ?
i used to but no more time
what do you do for a living ? i need to slow my partying down .
i am a graphic designer ugh
ugh ? that sounds interesting . i work part time at a pizza hut . . . ugh . ll
ugh cuz i sit on my but all day
ahahah ! i see . but you get to use your imagination .
persona
my mom is my best friend.
i'm afraid of the dark.
i design video games for a living.
rock music is my favorite.
i hate broccoli.
persona II
i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
i like to only eat fish.
i'm a democrat.
both my parents were over 6 foot tall.
i've amazing eye sight.
dialogue
hi there , how are you tonight ?
i am great am a video game developer , pretty cool huh ?
that's cool . not as cool as being able to jump straight up out of a pool
lol guess not , is that what you do for a living ?
no , i am an optician , have amazing vision
okay can you see in the dark , i cant sleep with the lights out , i am afraid
yes i can , i've amazing eyes . i believe it is because i only eat fish .
i like fish , i can eat anything except broccoli , yuck !
i only like to eat fish . same for my parents , and we are all over 6 feet
okay how close are your family , my mom and i are very close . i tell her everything
pretty close except when we fight about politics . they don't agree with me being a democrat
well that is your view , i'm independent myself .
honestly , i think we should all just get a long , no matter our opinion
that sound like a rock song i listened to , i love rock and roll !
cool , what else do you love ?
not too much other than my mom , and video games .
persona
i like to cook.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
my husband was a salesman.
i have lived in several different states.
persona II
i've a cat.
my mother was a nurse.
i like to be alone.
i wait tables at a cafe.
i love to sew.
dialogue
hi there ! i love sewing . do you ?
no no , hate it all
fine ! i enjoy being alone with my cat on my lap !
oh me too , love my cat
what do you do ? i work at a cafe to wait tables .
i do alot of thins . i like my husband
my mom used to be a nurse .
my mom used to be a mean guy
oh , i'm sorry . maybe tou two can help each other sew . i is so relaxing
i will sew her a straight jacket
haha sew one for my cat
okie dokie . here you go
awe thanks ! i will let you hang out with my cat .
i will pet its tongue
persona
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i am in my high school band.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i really enjoy making friends.
persona II
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i've taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i like to write my own songs.
my best friend is in a band with me.
i'm a musician.
dialogue
hi . i just got home . wish i spent more time here , so busy . how about you ?
i am still a kid so i've a lot of free time thankfully
my time is spent writing songs and playing in a band with my best friend .
i'm actually in band in high school . i play the drums
that's fabulous ! i started lessons when i was five . how about you ?
i just started a few years ago
it is so worth it . i can't imagine my life without music .
me neither . or movies . i've 600 of them
whoa . that is a lot of movies . how could you ever watch them all ?
i watch them with my dad often
what is your favorite movie to watch ?
i love the lord of the rings trilogy . you ?
lemonade mouth . they have a good band .
i've never heard of that before .
persona
i enjoy taking walks.
i'm named after my grandmother.
my best friend lives down the street.
i drive a honda civic.
persona II
i'm an aspiring fiction writer.
i am a teacher.
i love country music.
i like to work puzzles.
my dad worked for home depot.
dialogue
hello , what are you doing ?
i'm doing great , and you ?
just working on my action mystery book . almost ready for publishing .
very cool , whats it about ?
a crime detective that uses the help of paranormal entities to solve cases .
noah ghosts are so cool !
yes . what do you do for a career ?
eh nothing really i think . you ?
i'm a literature teacher , though my father works for home depot .
do you like to take walks ?
sometimes . though i rather use spare time and embark on challenging hobbies , like puzzles .
nice . do you have a best friend ?
yes , we are going to a country music festival soon . i love country .
fancy . mine lives down the road .
persona
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i want people to think i m cool.
i try to eat healthy or i don t eat at all.
persona II
i am a petsitter.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
my dad is a college professor.
my mom died when i was six.
i've purple hair.
dialogue
by profession i babysit pets . what do you do ?
that is very interesting . i workout for a living .
cool job . my hair is purple . what color is yours ?
my hair is jet black . do you work out at all ?
well i walk dogs , so sort of .
how old are you btw ?
the tale of genji is my favorite book . do you read ?
other than the bible . o
i am 29 years old . how about you ?
i am 22 years of age .
tell me about your parents . my mom died when i was 6 .
that is got to be tough . my parents drive me nuts .
my father is a college professor . i am sorry your parents drive you nuts .
well how did your mom pass ?
persona
i like getting packages in the mail.
i have a daughter.
i like fantasizing.
i love christmas.
i wish magic was real.
persona II
i've two children under ten.
i need extra iron in my diet.
i am in love with adam levine.
i love eating kale.
dialogue
i'm always cold i need iron bad
hey , if only magic was real i would eat iron bars ya know ?
i'm always cold i need iron bad
can you buy iron in the mail ?
i like green leafy stuff i love kale
i like christmas . sometimes i eat kale around christmas
no you cannot lol only if its a gnc there maybe
i'm not sure if unc is real . just absorb the iron in the air
it doesn't work an gnc is a store my babies are tiny lol
sounds like a fantasy . how many babies do you have ?
i love adam levin familar ?
nothing last forever but be honest . . it hurts but it may be the only way
2 , age 1 an 1 month i'm nuts lol
nice , i like your style . whats your favorite kind of nut ?
persona
i love cheese cake.
i like to run.
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i have 3 children.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
persona II
i am disabled and cannot walk.
i don't eat bread.
my favorite season is winter.
my friend once bought me a car.
dialogue
hey , what are you doing tonight ?
just watching my favorite movie 16 candles ! you seen it ?
no . i'm not that old honestly .
oh i guess i'm old . 3 kids will do that to you !
what is the best thing a friend has ever bought you ?
probably a piece of cheesecake . i just love cheesecake , you ?
a car ! i love my friends .
wow ! i need someone to buy me a new car . 300 miles a week for work
lol , i cannot drive anymore , i cannot even walk . you can have the car
really ? ? that is so nice , but why can you not walk ?
some disabled people just cannot . i'm one of those people .
i love to run . can't imagine what i would do if i could not !
that doesn't really make me feel any better . you cannot have the car now
i'm sorry . i just feel bad . i feel bad your friends bought you a car
i am sorry i wasted so much time on you .
oh no please , how about you come over for some cheese cake .
persona
i don t much like tv.
i love to walk in the woods.
i love to watch ted talks.
i love animals.
persona II
i drive a ford taurus.
i spend too much time shopping.
i love katy perry.
i work in retail.
i drink diet coke.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm good just chilling right now
i am listening to katy perry , do you have a favorite song of hers ?
sadly no i spend more time watching ted videos
those are interesting . are you in it ?
i've considered that field but for now i just watch videos
you really do learn a lot . i shop online mostly .
i love to learn about anything i can
i do too , i love podcasts . i listen to historical ones
you might want to check out ted talks
i'll , can you recommend any ?
what topics do you like ?
history , science , plants , animals , crafts
if you go to the website you can search for topics
persona
i cannot cook.
i cannot stand beets.
i am an ovo vegetarian.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
persona II
i'm from seattle.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
i work in public relations.
i am a vegan.
my favorite band is bon over.
dialogue
i don't like meat i eat only vegetables
i really act cook at all
portland is where i live now two hour drive from seattle where is was born
every day have i drive an hour to work in this terrible traffic
my job has so much red tape .
i really can't stand the way beats taste
i saw a band last week bon over is still the best band
i'm a new ovo vegetarian as of last week
i use to chat with my parents three times a day i was raised by them
i hate my parents alot
i really have a good time they think young
my parents are honestly difficult
persona
i love to run.
my favorite city is new york.
my wife just left me.
i am a lawyer.
persona II
i don't like green eggs and ham.
i've a missing pinky toe.
i love cooking.
i enjoy swimming.
dialogue
no green eggs and ham for me no thanks
hello . i work as a lawyer . what do you do ?
i am a cook and lost my pinky toe in a knife accident
that is awful . the worst thing i have dealt with is my wife leaving .
i'm sorry , that sucks .
yes but i do have all my body parts .
haha lol the only time you can tell is when i go swimming
i cannot even imagine the pain .
no pain a clean cut . but as a lawyer you could sue for me lol
i could but am not that kind of lawyer .
oh ok , what kind are you ?
i work with families who are going through cps and such .
persona
i work at a smoothie shop.
i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
i listen to classic rock.
i go to a local college.
persona II
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
i like canning and whittling.
i eat exclusively meat.
my favorite movie is good burger.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
hey ! i am great . a little tired . how are you ?
i am good just chasing cheetahs right now
that sounds like a dangerous hobby . are you hunting them ?
no it keeps me in shape i do it at the zoo
that seems like a fun job . i like vegetarian food so we have animals in common .
that's true i eat meat all the time though
do you like smoothies ? meat eaters and vegetarians can bond over mutual smoothie love .
that is true yes i do we could go out for some
i make good smoothies ! i'm working at a smoothie shop while i attend college .
i would love to stop in and try one
it is fun . plus they play my favorite classic rock songs . you like music ?
i love music of all types so yeah i understand that
do you have a favorite band ? cheetah girls maybe ?
persona
i play tabletop games with friends.
i still live at home.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i love rpg computer games.
persona II
i like gardening.
i've a cat named felix and a small terror names emmy.
i live in a small city.
i like to cook.
dialogue
good morning to you , whats going on today ?
nothing special . i was just fantasizing about my coworker that i have a crush on .
oooohh , i am guessing he or she's mighty cute
yeah she definitely is . i would ask her on a date but i live with my parents .
sir , maybe you should give it a try , i believe you can do it
maybe you are right but don't know how she would feel about my rpg computer games .
just be yourself and you will have her in your possession
i think you are right . i should also tell her about my weekly tabletop game session .
first bait her in and then show her the real you
hmm you don't think she would get turned off if i am different ?
no , because there is more to you than just gaming
i think you are right ! thank you very much !
persona
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
spiders scare the life out of me.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i always put my left sock on first.
persona II
i like to read books.
i've two cats.
my cats like to be read to.
i like to eat tune.
dialogue
hi i just got home from a long day of work to my 2 cats
hi , i do not work or have any pets
do you like books ? my cats weirdly like being read to
i do ! i like reading the bible and praying for my family everyday
wow that's amazing i love reading the bible
me too ! do you any phobias ?
well no but i'm allergic to cats
oh that sucks , since you have cats . i'm super afraid of spiders
yeah it does stink i like the taste of tune
very nice ! i need to put my left sock before my right or i freak out
oh yeah me too but nobody understands it
i know ! do you still live with your parents ?
no i have my own house
cool ! i live with my mom so she'sn't alone since she's a single mother
persona
i love going to the gym.
i have three pets.
i love animals and i want to help them.
i'd like to go to school to become a veterinarian.
i'm currently on a diet.
persona II
i have never lost a fight.
i'm a grown woman.
i'm in a motorcycle club.
i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
i've more then 10 tattoos.
dialogue
my hair is a wreck ! high speed does nothing for my curls .
sorry you are having a hard time with your hair .
i was going 208 on my motorcycle to get to my tattoo appointment .
wow that's really fast . what kind of bike do you have
an older harley . i run the local lady biker club . you want to join ?
no my parents would kill me i am only 16
never too young ! i can teach you to fight too so no one bullies you .
oh no thanks i would rather go to the gym
maybe you want to get a tattoo with me then ?
i cant i am not 18 yet . what kind of tat are you getting
i am getting a picture from the original alice in wonderland book . circa 1920
that sounds like it will be a cool one . do you have any pets
i had a dog that would ride on my bike that passed recently at  .
i am sorry to hear that . i have 3 dogs
persona
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i m pursuing my law degree.
i am the youngest of 3.
i love playing tennis.
i went to college in chicago.
persona II
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
i have a crush on my co worker.
i go to college part time.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
i love candy.
dialogue
hi there ! do you go to college ? i go part time
i do actually . i am getting my law degree
oh wow , that's cool . i really like candy , i wish i could major in that
i studied at school in chicago . where abouts do you go ?
i love chicago , i study at ucla
do you get much free time ? when i get a minute , i enjoy reading mysteries !
when i do get some free time , i like to skateboard
that's cool . i am more of a tennis player myself
tennis is cool , can't wear jeans tho , and i always wear jeans
haha ! youre right there ! i play with my siblings so it is a family thing .
family time is always great !
it is . i only have 2 older siblings though . wish i had one younger
i only have one younger brother
how is it being older ? p
persona
my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.
i am a senior citizen.
my husband was a career soldier.
i like to read.
persona II
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
i like running in marathons.
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
my dad owns a appliance store that i don't want to inherit.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? what are your hobbies ?
hey there how are you this evening ? i'm a older senior .
i'm fine , just a little anxious . i'm nervous to go to a friends party
my hobbie is reading an listening to my husband talk of his solider stories lol
wow , that sounds nice . i like to run marathons .
why are you anxious ? how old are you ?
i'm afraid i will say the wrong things in front of people i do not know . i'm 30 .
whats the longest marathon you have ran ?
15 miles , i am working my way up to the full 26 .
oh you will do fine i have a grandson your age , what kind of party ?
we are celebrating a recent promotion they got . i don't know any of their coworker
cool , when is the party going to be ?
persona
lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
i go to at least 10 concerts a year.
i love music.
madonna is my all time favorite.
i work in retail.
persona II
i like bagels with everything on them.
i like to run.
my favorite drink is coke.
i like to train dogs.
dialogue
hello . whats your fav , drink food ? mine is bagels with everything and coke
hi ! i like pizza and coffee . what do you do for a living ?
i'm a dog trainer . after i eat and drink , i've to run , its all really fun .
i work for a department store . i love concerts , music is my everything ,
what department store . music is great .
wal mart . lady gaga is my favorite right now , but madonna is my ultimate favorite singer ever .
madonna is really good . i really like new kids on the block .
i saw them in concert last summer . they are quite amazing .
what do you do for fun ?
anything musical . how about you ?
just running and training dogs . if i've time i also love reading .
sounds like a lot of fun !
persona
i have woman calling me all the time.
i was once offered to play basketball professionally.
i prefer the night instead of the day.
i love wearing name band clothing.
persona II
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i live in celebration , florida.
i'm a lifestyle blogger.
i enjoy shopping.
i'm married and have 2 kids.
dialogue
how are you today ? i'm watching the weather really close .
i'm good . been watching cnn and the weather . are you from florida ?
yep , celebration . my husband , 2 kids , and i happen to be on vacation though .
oh good so your safe ? am thinking of everyone affected .
yes we are . mostly concerned about flooding . so what do you do ?
am in college , however was once offered to play professional basketball . you ?
oh wow . you should do that when done with school . i blog about lifestyles .
i read blogs a lot . mostly fashion i love name brand clothing and new styles .
i love to go shopping for new styles . i was a cheerleader back in hs .
fun ! its so weird being awake right now . i prefer night .
ll . i was a night owl back in the day . to hard to do with kids now .
i can only imagine . , that would be difficult . any hobbies
persona
sometimes , people worry i am crazy.
i love to put a smile on people s faces.
i am obsessed with filming.
i try not to think about death.
i am a very bad liar.
persona II
i love to travel.
dogs are my favorite animal.
i like to eat pizza.
i grew up by the ocean.
dialogue
hi ! i just got finished eating some pizza . how are you today ?
i am great , thanks for asking . what kind of pizza ?
bacon , mushroom and onion . it is my favorite .
mmmm sounds tasty . those poor pigs
i know . i feel guilty at times . i have 2 dogs so . . . .
its ok . you need to eat ! kind of dogs do you have ?
two shepards . i take them all over when i travel .
aww how cute . how is the weather ?
good here . i use to live by the beach when i was a kid .
oh cool , that sounds relaxing . do you miss it ?
i do . i take the dogs there when i can . its about 20 miles away .
that's great . i just had some spearmint tea .
sounds good . my doctor says i need to drink more tea , less soda .
oh that sucks . have you tried black tea with brown sugar ?
persona
i'm college student.
i've a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
i play drums in a band.
i'm 25 years old and live with my parents.
persona II
both my parents were teachers.
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
i had two cats growing up.
i like to hunt.
i've two children.
dialogue
hi , i just put my 2 kids to sleep . what are you doing ?
i just had dinner with my girlfriend , now i am back at home with my parents .
what do your parents do ? mine are teachers .
i'm trying to decided if i should do my college homework or not
do it . i did mine while i was donating my time at my local animal shelter .
they're both doctors , and i play in a rock band , the drums
cool ! did you have any pets growing up ? i had 2 cats .
i'll do it , i need get out of my parents house , i am twenty five .
do you just go to school or do you also work ?
i love cats , my girlfriend luis like cats as well
interesting , luis is your girlfriends name ?
i play in a rock band for a living .
interesting , luis is your girlfriends name ?
yes her name is luis , it is short for louisiana
persona
i don't like wearing a swimsuit.
winter is my favorite season.
if i cannot order it on the internet , i don't need it.
my parents are lawyers.
persona II
i am saving for college.
my favorite actor is robert denaro.
i love the snow.
i work graveyard in a hotel.
dialogue
hey ! hows it going ?
i am great ! how are you ?
awesome , kicking back watching a movie .
what movie are you watching ? anything good ?
goodfellas . . de piro is a god !
i don't watch a lot of movies . i love skiing .
i love skiing too ! i love winter and snow .
winter is the best because you do not have to wear a swimsuit !
ca not say much , i do swimsuit contests , helps me collect for college .
whatever works , college is expensive .
seriously ! i'm lucky to have a paid internship . i really need to save .
i come from a family of lawyers so that is my chosen path .
very nice , lots of money ! i'm in business management . i work nights at the w hotel .
business is always good . how do you like the hotel ?
love it , really wish i had day shift thought ! graveyard sucks .
i am a night owl but not sure i would like working the night shift .
persona
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
i listen to pink when i'm painting.
i draw all the time and i'm good at it.
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
my wife makes the best pasta.
persona II
but i m a frustrated driver.
i'm a mother of 2 daughters.
i m a people person.
i love adventures like mountain climbing.
my husband works at a telecom.
dialogue
hi how are you ? i'm eating dinner with my hubby and 2 kids .
i'm eating with my wife . she makes the best pasta .
that sounds delicious . do you like people ? i enjoy everyone except other drivers
i don't like other drivers . i deal with a lot on my hour long commute .
oh that would drive me crazy ! do you work in telecom like my husband ?
i am actually an artist .
fascinating ! do you paint mountains ? i climb them
i paint whatever i can . especially when i am listening to pink .
my 2 daughters really like pink
i get concentrated and draw all the time . i think i'm pretty good .
i would love to see some of your work sometime . what else do you like ?
i like watching movies with the wife .
my husband and i like going out to movies . especially crowded ones
i prefer going when less people are there .
that's how i feel about driving . i wish everyone else would go away
that's how i feel . but i am happy when i get my coffee .
persona
i am in a local theater company.
my parents are divorced.
i am engaged to be married.
i am a history buff.
persona II
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
there s only been one set of twins in my family.
my biggest fear in life is heights.
i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.
dialogue
hey you . what is going on ?
hello ! i'm excited to speak with you !
ah thank you ! what do you do for fun ?
i perform in local musicals and dramas in a theater nearby .
you must be very talented . only musicals i make are with my armpits
you are funny ! what do you do for fun and for work ?
i work in retail but i'd rather be superman !
that's so funny because my dad is superman !
i'd have loved to have met him when i was a kid
well he divorced my mom , so i don't know him well .
that's sad . do you have any fears ?
i worry about my upcoming marriage and hope it will be a success . you ?
i'm scared of heights .
oh me too ! i have dealt with it though by conquering my fears !
persona
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i pray to god for my family every morning.
i always put my left sock on first.
i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
spiders scare the life out of me.
persona II
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
i've been married for 6 years.
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i have tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm very well ! how are you ?
i am pretty good , just doing a little work for a brewery i work at .
oh nice . are there a lot of bugs at the brewery ? i hate spiders
not too many , when i visited asia there were but in europe not so much
asia is nice , but high altitude which makes me sick
oh no , that isn't good !
right ! next time i will put on my left sock first for luck
haha , that's great . my wife will love that one
do you have any children ?
i do not ! me and my wife , gives us more time to go to the casino !
freedom ! my mom raised me by herself while working two jobs , no casino time haha
what a good mom !
she definitely was ! but good for you two also
persona
i love eating at mcdonald.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
my parents both are school teachers.
i want to own a house on a beach.
persona II
i have 2 dogs as pets.
i work as a veterinarians assistant.
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i love dogs.
dialogue
hi how are you dong ?
i am good , how are you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
sure , i'm in a super good mood . i've pop music and mcdonald lol
do you work at mcdonalds ?
no , i just love to eat there .
what do you do for a living ?
i am in college . my parents both teach there so i go for free .
what are you going to school for ?
music production . i want to be rich and buy a beach house .
do you have any hobbies ?
well i watch nascar . what do you do ?
persona
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i am always hungry.
i am insecure.
i work too many hours in a week.
i've a wife and children.
persona II
i enjoy reading history books.
i love to dance.
i'm a teacher.
i grew up in new hampshire.
dialogue
hi , i teach in a school , you ?
fine am a doctor specializing in nutrition .
very cool . when i'm not teaching i enjoy dancing .
i love swimming in my leisure time .
i read any history book i can get my hands on .
as my profession is i read any book about nutrition and diet .
right on ! nutrition is very important .
i design peoples diet who are immunol compromised .
i am diabetic so i understand .
yes , if you know how to watch diet , you'll live longer .
i hear ya . it is hard tho .
i know you are missing a lot of your favorite dishes but that's it .
persona
i've two cats , milo and fio.
my brother works at best buy.
my favorite sport is soccer.
i am canadian.
persona II
i live near the ocean.
i only wear tennis shoes.
i eat a lot of fish.
i own a boat.
dialogue
i'm close to the ocean and you ?
hello i'm actually in canada , near the great lakes .
my feet feels comfortable with tennis shoes and that's what i wear daily
interesting , do you play any sports ? i play soccer , your tennis shoes would be great there .
that is a great area , do you eat fish , i eat lots
i'm not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .
do you have a boat , i have one and go sailing from time to time
no boat , but i have been on one . it is a very fun experience !
you missing out , i will not go fishing with your cats if you come
do you live in america or somewhere else ?
do you get motion sickness ? i do sometimes .
i do not think so . i've only been on a boat a few times tho .
i live in lake erie area .
oh we are pretty close indeed . maybe we can come boating with you afterall !
that is good to know , the water is very calm here .
i hear cleveland is a pretty nice place , and close to lake erie .
persona
my biggest fear in life is heights.
there s only been one set of twins in my family.
i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.
persona II
i've three children.
i'm a teacher.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i like to garden.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
dialogue
hello . tell me a little about yourself . i teach english in a secondary school .
hi ! that sounds rewarding . i hate heights and am musically talented with my arm pits
one of my three children also makes songs with his arm pits .
haha , we have something in common . do you have twins ? there are some in my family
no twins . i went to college with twins . i graduated with a degree in secondary english education .
that sounds interesting . i just want to graduate high school .
you can do it . what do you do for fun ? i like gardening .
i like to skate board and hang out with my friends . what is in your garden ?
i grow medicinal herbs out here in the suburbs of denver , co .
oh , i've heard those help a lot of illnesses . is it successful ?
it is a nice side business that is taking me to new heights .
lol , no pun intended i am sure .
i'm an english teacher . of course it was intended !
oh yes ! i should have realised ! ! ! i need to come visit for medical purposes !
where do you live and when will you finish high school ?
i'm in texas , and graduate in may !
persona
i also like ice cream.
i like painting , i can cook well.
i like cookies.
i like pasta.
persona II
i like to drink tea.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to draw other people.
i like to mountain bike.
dialogue
hi , i just finished my morning bike ride . what are you doing ?
i'm painting while i wait for dinner to finish . i'm a pretty good cook
i'm in my studio , having some tea . who are you cooking for ?
just me . i'm making pasta . i love pasta
cool . i draw portraits , what do you paint ?
i paint landscapes . i am obsessed with bob ross haha
that is fun , i like to eat eggs and drink tea , you must be a good artist
i am pretty good i guess . i am even better at eating haha especially cookies and ice cream
do you paint or draw people when you do your artwork ?
i draw first usually . then paint
do you like tea ? i like tea when i'm trying to be creative
eh not much of a tea drinker . i love coffee
i love coffee too . i would love to meet you .
sure i'm a long ways from kansas though
persona
i eat mainly chinese food.
i don't have a good social life.
i am a night owl.
i make robots for a living.
i'm single and live alone.
persona II
i work as a scientist.
i m in gymnastics.
i like the beatles.
i am well built and tall.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
good , how are you doing ?
doing great ! listening to the beatles and relaxing .
that sounds like a good time
i like them . what do you like to do ?
i like to make robots and eat chinese food
sounds delicious ! i am a scientist .
that sounds like fun . which field ?
molecular . i enjoy it for the most part .
that is interesting . is there something that you are trying to find ?
not currently . just research studies . what do you do ?
that is still fun . i am in the robotics field
oh yes , you said that . sorry , i am tired from gymnastics .
i understand , life can be tiring
persona
i've entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.
my older sister plays clarinet.
my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
i play the violin.
persona II
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
dialogue
hi , i am tired from working my 3rd job i have had 3 jobs for 6 years .
wow ! been listening to some violin music . very calming
cool . i wish i could afford my fav car which is a mustang by ford .
neat car ! my sister has learned to play the clarinet and we play together
but since i don't have a car , i walk 3 miles to work every day .
great exercise ! what about when it rains ?
i get wet . ll do you have any pets ?
ll . yes , i have a cat
i have a chihuahua and a pit . they do not always get along .
that's a combo for sure ! my cats name is radar
cool name . so what do you work ?
i'm a nurse and love it
wonderful profession got to run , take care
good to chat with you
persona
my favorite movie genre is horror.
i am a christian.
i am a vet tech.
my favorite author is stephen king.
persona II
i am a mechanic.
i own a corvette.
i own a german shepard.
i like to surf.
i live in california.
dialogue
howdy ! hope are well this fine day
hello ! any plans for today ?
i am planning to fix my corvette , i am a experienced mechanic you see . any plans yourself ?
nice ! i will be going to my christian church this afternoon
do you go regularly ? do you have any hobbies ?
i go every weekend . and i do , i love watching scary movies and you ?
i love to surf as i'm currently living on coast of california
that sounds so fun ! i've been reading stephen king books , they're my favorite
it is fun ! lol . i personally prefer watching tv myself
tv is too much technology for me
how about a toaster ? lol
i have used it once or twice
persona
i m retired.
i enjoy dating women.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i like cooking healthy meals.
i like to go out to the bars.
persona II
i drive a ferrari.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i am a rapper.
i just bought a new mansion.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am doing ok , how about yourself ?
i am good i am hanging out in my new mansion .
a mansion ? what , are you some kind of celebrity ?
i'm actually a rapper
oh wow ! that is pretty awesome
thanks . i live in japan by the way
so what kind of hobbies do you have besides rapping
i like driving my ferrari . how about you ?
i like working out and cooking
wow really . what is your favorite dish ?
vegetarian lasagna is my specialty , i'm kinda a health nut
do you exercise alot then ?
yea , i try to go to the gym 4 to 5 times a week
persona
i cuddle up with my dog every night.
i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
i want a porsche.
i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.
i m often late for class.
persona II
i allergic to peanuts.
i have trouble getting along with family.
i m usually very shy.
i like eating vegetables.
i love the beatles.
dialogue
hi there . how are you today ?
i am great and yourself ?
doing well . just listening to the beatles .
awesome , what do you like to do ?
i'm pretty shy . i don't get out much .
i know what you mean spend most nights cuddling my dog and star watching
i would like to visit my family but we fight a lot .
what do you fight about ?
my mother favors my other siblings and thinks i've no direction .
mine always blames me for eating the cookies but i am to short to reach
that's funny . how tall are you ?
4 foot pretty short , and if not that its about me being late for classes
i was always late to class . had to go to nurse to get medicine .
lol they actually make medicine for that ?
persona
i love to take naps.
i love watching basketball.
my favorite season is winter.
i sing barbershop and rap.
persona II
i have a new job selling cars.
i love to paint pictures.
i love meat.
my wife use to be a teacher.
dialogue
how are you this morning
i am doing good but i am wishing the weather was cooler
it is chilly here where i am at
i mean like winter cooler . . . that's my favorite time of year
i love fall and winter they're my favorite
i've a hard time resisting wanting to nap . i just wanna crawl in bed .
i hear you on that one
what else do you enjoy doing ?
i love to bake and play sports
sports , me too ! my favorite thing to watch is basketball
i love football my favorite teams steelers and seahawks
i do not know much about football so i cannot say my favorite
i do not know about basketball
what about music ? everybody likes music
i love some country music
now , that genre isn't for me . i prefer either rap or barbershop
persona
i am a college student.
i work at the grocery store.
my favorite band is metallica.
i own 4 cats.
persona II
i am a wife.
i love my grandchildren.
i own a custom upholstery shop.
i am a mother.
dialogue
what are your plans for tonight ?
i'm gonna watch sneaky pete . ever seen it ?
no i've not . what is it about ?
its about a con man . i person who says they are someone they are not .
that sounds interesting . i bet my husband would love it
yeah its ok . so you have a husband ? whats his name ?
his name is ken . he's an amazing man
ken ? what is your name ?
my name is ellie . do you have any children ?
yes ! i've four . they are my sweeties .
that's so amazing . i've a daughter who just had another baby recently
really ? that's great so you are a grandparent . you must stay busy .
i do with my shop for custom upholstery
that is creative ! i wish i knew how to do it .
it is really rewarding work . what do you do ?
i am a bag boy at the local market . i help little old ladies with their groceries .
persona
i teach first grade.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i drink lots of iced tea.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i love to go shopping.
persona II
my favorite animal is the panda.
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i love to read crime novels.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing well eating pepperoni pizza . it us the best
i love eggs ! i eat about 6 of them every morning !
i drink so much iced tea basically a gallon a day
that's a lot of tea . do you have any hobbies ?
shopping . it is like my passion .
i read a lot of crime novels ! i love them
oh i read them to my first grade students . add love novels
do you teach your students about animals ? my favorite animal are pandas
i teach them love stories about marrying highschool love . since i did
that is very interesting . love is great .
yes . i love that i married my sweetheart
young love is wonderful and if it lasts its even better
yes . not as good iced tea though
persona
i've three dogs.
i love to cook.
i'm looking for someone.
i work for an architect firm.
persona II
i enjoy shopping online.
i read fantasy fiction novels.
i enjoy swimming.
i used to work for monsanto.
dialogue
hey how are you doing today ?
just exhausted from walking my dogs for the past couple hours . you ?
i was just swimming very fun .
i bet . what else do you do for fun ?
i read my favorite fantasy novels , how many dogs do you have ?
i have three of them . a husky , chihuahua , and pomeranian . all purebreds
i'm retired from monsanto . wow are you a breeder ?
monsanto , ick . no i'm not , just like my babies pure haha
yes i know . basically i wasn't happy working there anymore .
i don't blame you . i work in architecture . i love my job
i also spend time online shopping . architecture is great .
so what do you want most in this life ?
happiness and harmony . i do not care to be rich , but i would not turn it down .
how beautiful . i just want someone to love me
oh well are you a man or woman ? i do have some standards grinning
haha ! i am a woman , and very straight
persona
i am very athletic.
i have brown hair.
i love bicycling.
i hate carrots.
i wear contacts.
persona II
i ve never done drugs because i don t know where to buy them.
ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.
i love living in texas.
pudding makes me gassy.
dialogue
hi , i'm in texas . where are you from , if you do not mind my asking ?
i'm from new jersey no problem texas is nice .
cool . what kind of music are you into ?
i like riding my bike how about you ?
biking not so much . here in texas it gets too hot for that .
i like music all kinds of music rap r and b country .
ke ha is da bomb . still , country is big in texas of course .
i don't eat carrots how about you ? kesha is okay .
carrots , lol . how do you prefer to eat carrots ?
sliced in my salads i brought contacts i like using contacts .
how long have you been wearing contacts ?
long time i also wear a brown hair color it matches me .
that is cool . do you find that chicks dig the brown hair ?
yes it looks good on a lot of my friends and people i know .
if it works , run with it ! i have never done drugs . you ?
i'm very active i like to move around a lot no no drugs .
persona
i ve a big family.
i prefer summer over winter.
i graduated college a few years ago.
i was born outside the us.
i love food.
persona II
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i love to have my nails done.
i m allergic to cats.
i've one little boy named owen.
dialogue
hey there how are you ?
i am good . do you work ?
i am just getting ready to get my nails done
do you have them done professionally or do you do them ?
no my husband is an attorney , i am a beauty queen .
wow that's amazing where do you live ?
oh no professionally , i use to compete .
do you have any kids ?
we live in cali , love the weather , do you have cats ? or kids ?
three kids , i live in arizona where it is warm i don't like winter
i need to go visit my cousin there an i've a son owen .
where is your cousin we live in scottsdale
my cousin is where you live
we have been here for years i have a huge family 5 brothers and four sisters
she has a cat but i am allergic .
i just graduated a few years ago from asu and have my own online store
persona
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i love going to comedy clubs.
i m originally from london , england.
i'm a model building enthusiast.
persona II
i feel that i can t live up to many people s standards.
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
dialogue
hey i'm jake whats your name ?
hi i'm sherlock nice to meet you
you to . . have you ever thought about being someone else before ?
no i haven't have you
sometimes i have thought but i'm not sure of my place yet
you will find your place someday . my mom and dad just died
ohh my sorry to hear that were you close to them ?
they got hit by a drunk driver a few months ago yes we were very close
that is horrible i wish i was close with mine but nothing i do is ever good enough
they will come around hopefully . what do you do for fun
i am not sure anything i do is fun . . u ?
i put model cars and trucks together and go to watch stand up comics
i wish i was that interesting . i'm usually just busy with business school .
what do you want to do when you finish school
my dad wants me to take over his company but i do not think i want to .
you should do what you want to do
persona
i live in vienna , austria now.
i was born in london.
i paint in my free time.
i work in it.
i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.
persona II
i like to think about what it would be like to be an artist.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i wish i made more money.
i've a strange obsession with pens.
dialogue
sometimes i wish i could paint like van gogh .
sometimes i do think i paint like van gogh ! i love to , when i have time .
or write like victor hugo . i try . i write for hours and hours .
you sound very artistic . truthfully i am more left brained . i work with computers
i'll bet you make a lot of money . i need more money .
i am comfortable . but my boyfriend makes much more as a lawyer .
does he use a pencil or a pen ? i own over 100 distinct ball point pens .
not sure . that is interesting to collect . i collect fallen leaves on the streets of vienna
how many times have you been to vienna ? or do you live there ?
i live in vienna now . but i'm originally from london . you ?
down and out in keokuk , iowa .
wow , never heard of it . i am sure things will turn around for you soon
hope they open that new software plant nearby . then i can have more money .
there you go ! people definitely need software in 2017
and 2018 , and 2019 , and from now until they invent something better !
haha definitely . only invention i need is more time in the day to paint
persona
i work out daily.
ferrari is my favorite car company.
i own many cars.
basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
persona II
i love dogs.
my favorite band is korn.
i own a home.
my favorite color is purple.
i like swimming.
dialogue
hello ! it is such a nice night at home . i am hanging out with my cat oreo .
hi ! watching a little basketball before heading out .
nice . where are you going to go ?
probably a club , i like to party .
nice ! do you play basketball ?
no , i like to watch it though . i am an accountant .
ah , i am a swimmer . i suck at basketball .
i love to surf , do you surf ? i have a classic car collection too .
i have done open ocean swims but no surfing . i have a purple wet suit .
mine is pink , like my favorite ferrari .
do you own this pink ferrari ?
i do , what do you drive ?
just a honda civic . nothing fancy
ferrari are my favorite , i also have a raptor .
nice . i've dogs so my dog would probably destroy a ferrari . that would be sad .
i've dogs too , they behave in my cars .
persona
i got a new job.
i like cats.
i like cars.
favorite color is green.
i like to travel.
persona II
i love animals , especially dogs.
i'm a 15 year old girl.
when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.
i get good grades in school.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am well , thanks for asking . how are you ?
i am am great . i am still in school where i get good grades .
that is great . i was recently hired at a new position so i have that going for me .
what type of place do you work ? i hope to become a veterinarian .
that's a great career . i love cats .
i love all animals , but especially dogs .
one of my loves are cars . do you have a hobby ?
just pets , and studying . i have a few years of high school left .
i enjoy traveling as well . do you have a favorite color ?
not really , have you traveled to where there are cool wild animals like elephants ?
no i cannot say i have but i would love too . i like green .
persona
spiders scare the life out of me.
my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.
i always put my left sock on first.
i've a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.
persona II
i enjoy hiking.
i am an artist.
i've two border collies.
i'm planning to move to a new state soon.
i speak french and english fluently.
dialogue
hey ! just got back from an awesome hike with my dogs . whats up ?
hello how are you doing today ?
i'm doing well . i took my two border collies on a new hiking path today .
cool sounds like fun ! i don't have any pets
get one ! when i move to a new state soon , they will be my only pals .
i used to have pets but i got rid of them
sad i love my dogs ! i am an artist and i do pet portraits .
i am an artist as well . i just opened my online shop
very cool . i should start an online shop . i could publish in french or english !
i opened my online shop last month . i sell all sorts of things
nice ! it sounds like we have some similar interests in the arts .
such as clothes for men and women , baby clothes , dog clothes , etc .
persona
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i speak six languages.
i once started a forest fire in california.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
persona II
i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.
i've never been on an airplane.
i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
my favorite season is duck hunting season.
i like tailgate parties.
dialogue
good afternoon , what is it you do for fun ?
i like to make money for fun
i'm with you on that what ways have you had fun ?
oh okay that is cool
are you in school ? i didn't get to go and i want to go .
not anymore , i was the first ever on sesame
sesame street ? what were you doing on there ?
first kid i was a test child , even started a big fire .
oh wow , you were enjoying yourself huh ?
yes i was i speak a lot of languages so i get mad
i would like to visit some foreign places but afraid to fly
why are afraid to fly it is simple as 1 2 3
the elevation is too high for me .
it is not that bad
i grew up on a farm so we did not go many places .
oh well now you can
persona
i'm a teacher.
i love chocolate.
i've a twin sister.
i do yoga every morning.
persona II
i drive a prius.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
dialogue
i have prius while hiking up a mountain
i like morning yoga a lot
i do too but my ginger snaps
i'm a dancer , what do you do ?
i do nothing i'm reach
my sister is my twin
wow that's cool . are you canadian i love them they're pretty ?
i prefer chocolate and milk
no i'm asking if you are from canada ?
i make hot dogs for a living .
hot dogs again the one that i meet also do that .
i really really like hot dogs
lol i know i just read it a while ago what is your name again ?
what is your favorite color ?
you are not answering my question i can report you .
teaching is what i like my name is bob
why is it make you to long to reply youre wasting my time .
it take you just as long you are wasting my time
yeah right i hope you'll not be the one who will answer later .
i hope so too it is slow , deal with it
maybe change your network or something
maybe blow me or something
what do you mean by that ?
you take forever to respond as well
persona
i don t believe in love.
i write children s books.
i like to drink.
i shop online , too much.
i live alone.
persona II
i really enjoy making friends.
i'm in my high school band.
i play the trumpet.
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi i am doing well today . do you have any hobbies ?
well i do play some pretty good trumpet
wow , do you play in a band or just for fun ?
fun fun fun only fun
i don't play an instrument , but i read lots
oh not nice at all
what do you do for a living ?
right now my highschool has a band that i'm in
that is cool , what year of school are you in ?
i'm in 9th grade
what is your best class
math is my favorite subject
i loved english when i was in school
persona
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i m currently in nursing school.
i dance ballet.
persona II
i am in the army.
i dropped out of college.
i fly airplanes.
i enjoy building computers.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
hello , i'm well . how are you ?
i'm good . just working on building a computer . my hobby .
i'm a ballet dancer and am going to be a nurse . sleeping is my hobby .
lol , i like sleeping too .
my mom was a church teacher .
interesting . how much school do you have left ?
another six months . then , hopefully i'm off to work at a childrens hospital
great ! keep it up ! i didn't finish college .
i went to a girls school . i think that's why i'm so competitive .
cool . i went into the army instead . xd
very nice ! i thought about it , then was offered a scholarship to a dance school
oh , that is good . it is hard . . . .
it is , but so is being in the military .
oh , that is what i meant . xd
lol . it is okay , i knew what you meant .
persona
i love playing tennis.
i'm the youngest of 3.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
persona II
i have a job as an it agent.
my dad works for stifel.
i love rap music.
i'm a meataholic.
dialogue
how are you doing this lovely evening ?
hello , do you like tennis as much as i do ?
probably not even though i could have gone pro .
yeah that's cool , what is your favorite color ?
i like green and red . reminds me of christmas . you
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
summer is almost about to end . you must feel sad !
what do you think the meaning of life is ?
i'm not sure . do you think we have purpose ? does the universe have a purpose ?
i'm working on my law degree at night
i work in the it field . its challenging .
that is awesome , fix my laptop
sure just bring it to your local geek squad !
what is your favorite fruit ?
i'm not a big fruit fan . i like eating raw meat . do you like sushi ?
i love it i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
persona
i love to drive my car.
connor mcgregor is my favorite fighter.
i work in a factory.
i enjoy travel.
i like watching ufc fights.
persona II
my wife does not like me anymore.
i like to eat cheetos.
i hate mexican food.
i have went to mexico 4 times this year.
i like to ski.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm just watching ufc and my favorite fighter connor mcgregor . but i think i can beat him
i am not a big fan of fights . but i do love to ski .
i have skied , i love traveling , i usually drive my car place cause i love driving it .
i love travelling especially to mexico .
i work in a mexican factory making little mexican bobble head that break fast
i've bought a few of those from a tourist shop for my kids
carefull cause i sneak razors into them cause my boss makes hits me if i don't
wow . . . . . . . . have you went to hr about your boss .
i'd never rat on my mother like that . . . .
well maybe you really should .
maybe you should stop buying bad bobbleheads from shady dealers
oh ok next subject . any hobbies ?
i like pretending to be people online . kind of like trolling but its much more fun .
persona
i'm a freshman at nyu.
i am the youngest in my family.
my favorite color is blue.
i've two older brothers.
persona II
i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.
i use to be a wild child.
i've two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.
i like the color blue or red.
i've always wanted to travel to ireland or puerto rico.
dialogue
hello , i am enjoy some crisp country air . what about you ?
i am just studying , i get accepted into nyu this year .
congratulations ! i wish i had gone to school instead of being a wild child in my youth .
thank you . i'm the youngest in my family so there is high expectations
i'm sure you will do great . i'm kind of jealous . i love the city .
i do too . its my first year in nyu , who knew nyc was such a great city
i like visiting there but i hope my next trip will be to ireland .
wow ireland ? that's cool . are you going with family ?
i am going with my two dogs . they're the only family i've .
they make good family . i visited ireland couple years ago with my 2 older brothers . great trip !
did you bring back any souvenirs ?
yes , a blue irish gem . my favorite color . i still have it on my desk too .
that is one of my favorite colors along with red .
i love red too , but not as much as blue . what is your job ?
persona
my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.
i work at a coffee house.
i have a cat named seven of nine.
i am a student at michigan state university.
persona II
i've a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
i am a musician with a day job.
lately i have been learning how to garden.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
dialogue
hey there how are you today
i am good how are you
i am doing pretty good . just practicing my electric violin right now
that's a pretty cool instrument
yea i love it . i am an accountant by day , violinist by night lol
cool do you like your job
which one ? lol accounting no . music yes
lol i'm a student but i'm a barista part time
oh nice . so youre obsessed with coffee i take it ? lol
yeah i love making all the different drinks
that is cool . always good to like what you do
yeah though i'll not be doing this when i graduate
yea . you have any hobbies or pets ?
i've a cat what about you
i mean i've got a koi pond with one koi named spot lol
that's pretty cool i like fish
persona
i love watching old movies.
i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
i've two adopted kids.
i am a yoga instructor.
my wife works as a diesel mechanic.
persona II
i work at mcdonalds.
i like rock music.
i like basketball.
my name is gerald.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
hi , i waste my time alot
me too , i watch a lot of old movies . what do you do ?
rock music rock music rock muc
what is how you waste your time ? playing or listening ?
eating . . . i'm way too ft
oh , that happens . i teach yoga , i could help you
ok , that sounds really good
do you have a job ?
no i'm a bum lol
hey that happens , you can get it together . what is your name ?
my name is really very scary
well what is it then ?
very scary i told you .
oh is that your first and last name ?
yes yes it is . yes
wow that is a cool name though
persona
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
i'm afraid of spiders.
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
both of my parents are in the military.
i'm a pilot.
persona II
i grew up in nevada.
i like dogs.
i am an orphan.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i now live in new mexico.
dialogue
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i'm good bbq ribs while visiting my girlfriend in salt lake city
that sounds good . i am a pilot from nevada , currently residing in nm .
me too my home hub is lax
i am going out to cle for a few days .
i'd but my boys chance and boomer miss me love my dogs
i love dogs , we had one at the orphanage .
aww i was a miliary brat both parents were enlisted
i joined the air force , that is where i learned how to fly .
i hate camping out spiders scare me
snakes are the only thing i am terrified of .
i am not a fan either but not scared
oh , i'm and will admit it , lol
i rarely admit i hate spiders
those i can live with .
they creep me out ever since i learned we sometimes eat them in our sleep
persona
i love my impala.
i like classic radio programs.
i enjoy fishing.
i love decorating for christmas.
summer is my favorite season.
persona II
i'm a model building enthusiast.
i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.
i like camping and the outdoors in general.
i love going to comedy clubs.
dialogue
hello , how are you this morning ?
i'm doing good . missing summer though . it is getting cold
i like the cooler weather , as i camp this time of year .
i would rather camp in summer . summer is my fav . fishing on a summer night is best
my dad and i fished year round , now it is only me .
i'm sorry , maybe we should go together . you like classical radio ?
thank you , i'd like that . i have a boat . yes , i do . it is very soothing .
i enjoy classic radio programs when i fish . i'll pick you up in my impala
nice car ! i have a vintage mustang , my dad built it for my mom .
mustangs remind me of christmas as a kid . my dad would always decorate it !
my uncles do that with their semi trucks . it is hysterical to see rudolph on the grill .
i really love decorating at christmas time
my favorite holiday is halloween .
that's coming up pretty soon . i bet you are excited
persona
my favorite color is red.
i m deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.
i watched the eclipse without using proper eye protection.
i really enjoy hiking.
i drink 10 cups of tea every day.
persona II
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
i don t like the song sweet home alabama.
i grew up in alabama.
i love watching game of thrones.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm dine and you ? just drinking my 10th cup of tea
you must really like tea
yes i do it gives me the energy to hike everyday
right it is like the mushrooms from mario
lol yes it is . do you like snakes ? i hate them but i love bugs
bugs are cool , have you seen the easter bunny ?
i can't see much anymore after the eclipse . i didn't have eye protection
i've seen that big eared bunny
wow for real . is he red ? i love red
i do not always use protection either . . . bad life choices .
wow now we know better
i don't know , i don't learn sometimes
we all learn as we get older
my mom works at the grocery store
wow . i bet you that she loves people .
persona
i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
i like to swim in the lake.
i like to visit places around the world.
i've been to every state except alaska.
i like to paddle board.
persona II
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i love going to concerts.
i am a librarian.
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i live in pittsburgh.
dialogue
hello from pittsburgh where i live
hi . i am ready to go camping . i love cabins , the woods , and lakes .
nice . i love concerts and italian food my favorite
i'm going to enjoy swimming in the lake . do you swim ?
when i'm not working as a librarian or volunteering at the animal shelter
i have been craving lasagne . do you know how to make ?
yes from scratch . i am sure that is gard to make when you are camping
would love to have some from italy . i love to travel . do you ?
yes when i can . flying from pittsburg allows easy travel .
flying is a little scary though . i prefer a paddle board !
that's a long trip on a paddle board form the us to europe
imagine if it was safe and possible . . . would you try it ?
if there was no sharks involved yes
maybe that will be a new adventure for the rich someday !
i'm sure it would .
it could be like a self paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
persona
i'm really short.
my favorite book is david copperfield.
i've a twin brother.
i love to bake cakes.
persona II
i like to wear red shoes also.
i like to wear red.
i drive a red car.
i wear a red purse.
i use red lipstick.
dialogue
i washed my car today , i love the shiny red finish !
nice ! i finished reading david copperfield and baked a cake .
it is so hard finding a red purse that matches my car exactly .
i am of . i've to shop in the kids department .
wow ! red shoes are my thing , can you find them in your size ?
i never tried . i do not wear red that often . i am a redhead .
i could not imagine not being able to wear my red lipstick !
i've a purple that's awesome , its from urban decay .
i change my haircolor often , sometimes even purple or red !
i wish i could , but mine is too long . it would cost a fortune .
i do not think my next car will be red , easier to coordinate with !
mine is going to be black . everything is sexier in black
oh yes , i agree ! just kind of hot , i live in the desert .
ugh . i hate the american southwest . i prefer the beach .
persona
i own a hearse.
i work in a craft store.
i like alternative rock.
i love to crochet.
halloween is my favorite holiday.
persona II
i play dungeons and dragons.
i wear a lot of purple.
i like going to canada.
i love the band van haven.
i want to be a doctor.
dialogue
hi , what have you got planned for today ?
i am going to a alternative rock concert tonight . wht about you ?
sound good whos playing ? i'm just going to play some computer games tonight .
sonja is playing i love video games when i'm not working in my craft store
have a great evening ! what do you play ? i'm into dungeons and dragons .
i like the sims . i just got the halloween expansion pack i love that holiday
ca not believe its nearly halloween already ! i am off to canada to celebrate there .
yes i have a halloween party hearse that i drive around
that is a bit kooky . although i do love purple and that tends to be on the insides !
it is looky . i crocheted all of the insides myself
now that is a reason to learn how to crochet .
lol what else to you like to do ?
persona
i am the youngest of 8 kids.
my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.
i never stop looking for love.
persona II
i work at a retail store.
i'm vegan.
i live close to the coast.
i have red hair.
dialogue
hi , i don't really want to
you don't really want to what ?
i'm great all the way
i'm not sure i follow what you are saying .
i live on the coast
do they have a mcdonalds near you ? it is my guilty pleasure .
i am more of a steak myself
my motto is always look for love but i don't think you are what i want
well i am sorry i love you
maybe one of my 7 older siblings would be a better match for you .
ok , except i am already married
i am sorry for your spouse .
they're quite happy with me
to each their own i suppose .
i like being a vega
i don't know what that means .
persona
i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
both my parents were teachers.
i had two cats growing up.
i've two children.
persona II
i'm an only child.
i am adopted.
i ride horses in my spare time.
i don t believe in love.
i work at an accounting firm.
dialogue
i'm an adopted child and work in accounting .
amazing ! i'm a teacher , but spend a lot of time at animal shelters .
i ride ed the horse when i can . you sing ?
neat ! i do not sing , i have 2 little children who never stop singing though !
great ! you believe in love ? i do not .
i feel you brotha . i love my cats , but they're dead .
that is funny . i do not have brother or sisters . you ?
we are all brothers and sisters , so 7 billion i've !
hmmm . accounting is my field . whats yours ?
i am full time a taxidermist and then the rest of the time i am with the kids .
oh okay . you sing . my horse ed sing when i ride him . you married ?
you have a singing horse . are you a disney princess ? i am married !
no . love is a misunderstanding between two fools . you agree ?
hm interesting . tell me more .
okay . you adopted ? i am .
not adopted , but i've family who are . my parents were teachers .
persona
i'm a drummer in an indie band.
when i'm not touring with the band , i like to garden.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
one day i'd really like to skydive.
persona II
i am a profesional translator.
i am currently unemployed so i have time to write.
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i'm not that passionate about it.
i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
dialogue
hello i'm juan carlos . professional translator by trade .
hello , i'm a drummer , we play indie .
that is great i am unemployed so i have time to write .
i like to garden and volunteer at the humane society . what do you write ?
i'm writing a novel i hope to get it done this year .
i'm hoping to go skydiving later this year , when my brother comes back .
that sounds really neat great to have things your passionate about
it is . what are your hobbies ?
just writing really . kind of got burned out on translating .
i can understand how that would take its toll on someone
no kidding . do you have any hobbies ?
anything that can be done outdoors .
i like the outdoors too .
one day , i will live on the beach .
that sounds nice like a great place for writing !
it sure would be ! i'm an artist too .
persona
yellow is my favorite color.
i love to workout.
i love the game halo.
i like to read.
persona II
i'm a travel agent.
i like fitness.
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
my parents own a business that i m now running.
dialogue
i love going to the'sland of jamaica
jamaica is beautiful my friend went and showed me pictures . how are you doing
i'm in the business of selling vacations
that sounds interesting and rewarding ! i'm a huge gamer
oh wow , what kind of games do you like ?
halo is my all time favorite do you like videogames
do you like to workout ? i enjoy going to the gym .
yeah i go as often as i can i even like reading workout books
sometimes it can be nice to read a book while riding a stationary bike !
that does help make working out more fun .
it does make the time go by faster , kind of like when you play video games !
yeah that's true . whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow
i like yellow too , but my very favorite is blue , it is so calming
i can see that the sky is blue and its calming to look at sometimes
persona
i like to play nintendo.
i live in the great white north.
i like to race rc cars.
i love to eat fish.
i've a pet husky.
persona II
my favorite singer is jess greenberg.
i ride a motorcycle , but it s not a harley.
just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.
dialogue
hello my name is ray
hello ray . my name is jacob . what is up with you today ?
i just started a new job cleaning out house gutters
oh ok . where are you from ? i'm in toronto .
i like to listen jess greenberg while i clean out gutters , from florida
me the great white north , you the south . pets ? husky named rocko for me .
i am going to ride my motorcycle to toronto , but it isn't a harley
that's a long way ! i enjoy using remote control cars .
i like to eat food that is high in carbs , my doctor tells me not to
how about fish ? that is my favorite .
i like fish , but with mashed potatos
yum ! ! do you like nintendo ? i do .
i like video games , mostly donkey kong
that's one of my favorites too . anything else i should know about you ?
not really i do not why this chat hasn't stopped yet ?
right now . take care ! ! been nice chatting .
persona
i'm a hardcore biker.
i enjoy the outdoors.
my friends and i go hiking all the time.
my favorite breakfast is pancakes.
i got a girlfriend last month.
persona II
i'm obsessed with my dog.
i enjoy cooking italian food.
i am in my last year of grad school.
i am the worlds best aunt.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? worlds best aunt here ! do you have any nephews nieces ?
i don't have any nephews or nieces , but i met an awesome girl last month .
nice ! do you already think she's the one ?
its hard to say . we have only been dating a month .
good luck ! do you work or study ? i'm in grad school , graduating this year !
i work a lot . i spend most my spare time in the outdoors .
me too like the outdoors , especially with my dog ! gosh , i love my dog ! any pets ?
no pets . i would love to get a dog to take on hikes !
do you cook and what food ? that could help you with the lady !
not a huge cooker , but i do make a pretty mean breakfast though love pancakes .
great ! i enjoy italian and like to cook it .
i enjoy a good italian meal from time to time . . . whats your dogs name ?
persona
i love to travel.
my favourite food is ice cream.
my parents are divorced.
i work as a construction worker during the summers.
i'm a college student.
persona II
i sleep 8 hours.
i prefer texting over phone calls.
i love hockey.
my mother looks after my grandmother.
i use the computer all day.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
i am doing good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i am a construction worker , u ?
i work in business . my work just gave me free tickets to hockey game !
what city are you in ?
i live in nashville . you ?
i'm in cali right now
i've never been there ! have you always live there ?
yes i've been here since i was 5
wonderful ! do you like any sports ?
i like watching football u ?
persona
i hope to change the world.
i love to tell jokes.
i volunteer in my spare time.
i m always early to everything.
persona II
i like vintage furniture.
i play the bass.
i collect stamps.
i have a large cd collection.
dialogue
hey , jefferson here , what is up ?
hey just killing some time before work got here early . you ?
i'm browsing the web , trying to buy some vintage furniture .
oh cool , i volunteer at a resale shop that has vintage furniture .
wow that's very cool . would you need a bass player at that shop ?
a bass player at a vintage shop , now that would make for a good joke .
and i like collecting things like stamps too , so it would be great at comedy shows .
oh perfect humor can change the world for the better .
yeah i've a whole lot of comedians in a massive cd collection that i've .
i should come over and watch them to learn some new jokes .
sounds fun ! what are you doing with your time ?
besides a lot of volunteering , i go to a stand up to tell all my jokes .
oh , is that how you make a living ?
yes , but i do more volunteering since i am always so early .
that is great , i wish i had enough time to give back to the community
i am sure you have very little free time . you are changing the world though .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i have never broken a bone.
i love cats.
i'm athletic.
persona II
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
i have a masters degree in creative writing.
i live in a medium sized city.
i love to read.
i've 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
dialogue
hello there ! how is your day going ?
hi . i love to eat pizza u ?
pizza is delicious . how have you spent your day ? i have been reading .
i have never had any broken bones
what is your family life like ?
i've alot of cats , 47 to be ex
wow . that is a lot of cats . i have 5 siblings
i have 86 jars of baby food
why do you have that much baby food ?
i love to jump out of trees with money
that is an interesting hobby . i go to the beach a lot .
i eat bugs i my spare time
odd . did you go to school ?
i don't believe in school
oh . i earned a masters degree .
that is terrible news alfred
persona
i've brown eyes.
i have blonde hair.
i love money.
my feet smell.
persona II
i've three children.
my best friend lives down the street.
i drive a honda civic.
i am named after my grandmother.
i enjoy taking walks.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
i'm good . just finished combing my blonde hair .
nice . i just got my 3 kids to bed .
i don't have any kids .
i squeeze my 3 kids in my little honda civic haha no soccer van here
i drive a bmw x5 .
nice car . i walk a lot too , i love walking
i enjoy walking , and sometimes i run .
oh cool i run down to my best friends house all the time . she lives close .
what color are your eyes ? mine are brown .
light blue just like my grandmother that i'm named after
oh that's neat . my grandmother passed away a few years ago .
aw sorry to hear that . were you guys close ?
yes , we were . we spent a lot of time together .
persona
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
i'm always looking for wildlife when i'm outside.
i get along better with animals than people.
i enjoy watching animal videos on the internet.
persona II
i have 10 alpacas.
i own a home with 5 acres of land.
i'm active on my city council.
i only eat locally sourced food.
i like wide , open spaces.
dialogue
hey how is it goin tonight
its going great . whats up with you ?
taking it easy looking at shark tank thinking about city concil
cool i am watching animal videos . i love animals .
that is awesome , i've goats on my 5 acres
wow . i love the nature and wildlife
i like to look at animal planet
animals are my life , i volunteer at the shelter .
that's great we need that , i'm very active in my community helping the youth
that's something we need to , our youth are the future .
that is right i'm very passionate about it
that is a nice quality
yeah , i am very active on the city council
where do you reside currently ?
persona
i like going to canada.
i want to be a doctor.
i love the band van halen.
i play dungeons and dragons.
persona II
my wife stays home with our kids.
i hate tofu.
i work for a large law firm.
i drive a prius.
we own our home.
dialogue
hey how are you doing ?
fine just packing for my trip to canada and you ?
nothing i just do not like tofu .
yeah i do not do tofu or hummus , but i love van halen
interesting , i listen to van halen in my prius .
nice it brings me back when music had a purpose also helps me study
that is good , i usually listen to music on my way to the law firm .
nice i can't wait to graduate med school 1 more year !
i went to grad school while stay at home wife would be home .
aww i hope my fiance is ready for me to pop the question at comicon
well i hope your ready for anything to happen as i'm in my owned home .
aww i hope my fiance is ready for me to pop the question at comicon
i hope she is too
i met her through a friend who got me into dungeons and dragons
persona
i have a twin sister named jessica.
my son was born completely blind.
i m a pilot for southwest.
my favorite food is fried chicken.
persona II
i work at the hospital as a nurse.
i've pink hair.
i m allergic to bees.
i m the youngest of five.
i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing ?
i'm doing great what do you do for fun ?
i enjoy working as a nurse at the hospital . very fun to me .
i am a pilot for southwest airlines . i love flying !
cool ! where do you live ? i live in grand rapids , michigan .
woah ! i live in texas . do you have any sisters or brothers ?
yes . i'm the youngest out of five children .
i have one too . i have an identical twin sister .
cool ! do you like the color pink ? my hair is pink .
i love the color pink ! if i could i would die mine pink .
i'm allergic to hair dye , so i use something else . also , bees i'm allergic to .
ouch . so i guess honey and fried chicken is out of the question then yeah ?
yes . definitely . honey gives me a stomach ache too .
well i love fried chicken honey or no !
persona
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i'm looking to start a business.
i'm a big sports fan.
i like to get involved in politics.
persona II
i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i am a musician.
i like to write my own songs.
my best friend is in a band with me.
dialogue
hi . . how is your weekend going ? ?
it is going well , how is yours ?
night is still young . . partying
very fun . i spent the day out with my friends and family .
great . . whare aare you from ? ?
i'm from colorado . what about you ?
i'm from boston ma
cool . other than partying what do you like to do ?
music . . we have a rock band
do you write your own music or do covers ?
both . . sometimes covers and some time new
seen any good games ? i'm eager for football season to get underway .
persona
i go to a private high school.
while both my parents have thick european accents , i do not.
i'm enrolled in several college credit courses.
i drive a motorcycle instead of a car.
persona II
i love to read.
i am a proofreader for a greeting card company.
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
dialogue
hey what is poppin my man ?
not much here . . just studying . what about you ?
what are you studying ? watching a movie here .
everything ! school just started . what are you watching ?
i am watching my favorite movie . its called goodfellas . have you seen it ?
no , too violent for me . . ll . i am more of a comedy person .
how lame th . what do you do for a living ?
still going to school . and you ?
i work for a greeting card company . as a proofreader .
ahh . . very interesting ! how long have you been doing that ?
a few months . i love it . because of how much reading is required .
i guess reading can be fun when its not mandatory . . . like in school
well , i love reading . i guess i'm just that fabulous .
do you get to submit ideas for cards as well ?
sometimes . but only when its not football hockey season .
so , only during swimming tennis season ?
persona
i like to create art.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i love to work in my garden.
i am an older guy.
my favorite band is ween.
persona II
i love sushi.
i love dogs.
my favorite color is blue.
i own a car.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
doing well . listening to ween and eating some sushi . you ?
what a coincidence ! sushi is my favourite food .
no way ! what kind ? i love chicken parm
cali ! tell me more about yourself .
never had that kind . i am a 75 year old that loves to paint
i've a very huge love for all dogs .
i love dogs . they scare away the rabbits from eating my garden
almost everything in my room is blue , it happens to be my favourite color .
cool . i think blue is very zen . my last painting was based off of the color blue
i finally bought my own car a few weeks ago !
nice , where are you going to go in it ?
i am going to go everywhere
its been 10 years since i've drive . my eyesight is too bad now
that sucks . sorry about that .
its okay . i love to just stay home and work in my garden
persona
i'm a weirdo.
i have often been called a slacker.
i ride a skateboard.
i have blue and orange hair.
persona II
i'm in high school apart of the school band.
i love watching grey s anatomy.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
dialogue
hey ! hows it going tonight ?
great ! i like to skateboard
that is awesome ! i am in band at school ! sometimes i skateboard after practice .
awesome , i love to skateboard too
whats going on ? i'm watching greys anatomy lol my favorite !
oh my gosh , were you supposed to say that ? i'm too !
haha that is so funny ! great minds ! ! ! do you have lots of friends ?
not really . i'm too good for them
haha i love my friends . i think my mom is my favorite person though !
i have a terrible mom . i'm happy for you
oh no ! ! ! whys she terrible ?
she's really mean . does not care about me
i am sorry . that's hard . jesus cares though !
i know he does . that's what helps me
he will always care . seriously . he will never leave you .
thank you for that . i appreciate it
persona
pop is my favorite music.
i write in my spare time.
i enjoy video games.
i work at a hotel overnight.
persona II
i've a flower garden.
i love watching anime.
i owe two laptops.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
hi
hi , how are you ?
good what are your hobbies
i like videogames and i am a big music fan .
cool i like anime
yeah , me too . i am also a part time writer .
that is cool ! i love gardening its so relaxing
yeah , that is nice . i need to relax !
do you have a stressful job ?
i do ! i work in a hotel on the night shift !
oh wow that does sound stressful
yeah , it gets crazy sometimes .
persona
i am currently unemployed.
i still live with my parents.
i've a cat.
my birthday is in june.
summer is my favorite season.
persona II
i like the group the rolling stones.
i need a soda with me at all times.
i married my high school sweetheart.
i've 3 kids.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
i'm doing great . just playing with my cat . what are you doing ?
i am taking care of my kids .
how many do you have ?
me and my husband have three kids .
i live with my parents . no husband yet . where did you meet ?
we were high school sweethearts .
how romantic . how many years together ?
i'm a big soda fan . what do you like ? five years
i love the summer them on the new coca cola bottles . which soda do you like ?
do you like the band the rolling stones ?
i love the rolling stones , my favorite song is thunder .
i'm a big pepsi fan myself .
pepsi rocks they have great commercials .
anything else you would like to share ?
i am looking for a job but not sure what industry . what do you do ?
persona
i'm an excellent baker.
i was born on christmas day.
i went to law school.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
persona II
i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.
i love to read the bible before i go to bed.
i'm an middle school teacher for 8th grade.
i sing in the church choir every sunday.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
good how are you ? do you like cinnamon rolls ?
i great thanks ! i love cinnamon rolls !
i am really good at baking . what do you like to do ?
i am a middle school teacher for 8th grade students .
do you ever bake for them
i don't know how to bake , but i enjoy singing in the church choir on sundays .
oh sounds fun . i heard that kids behave well when you give them sedatives .
i like to read the bible to them . i also read before going to bed .
that sounds exciting . i'm illiterate .
oh no ! what is your favourite clothing brand ? mine is donna karen .
i like any brand that good will carries .
that sounds great , and affordable !
i hate to admit this , but i was born on the day that is called christmas .
perhaps your name is jesus ?
no . my pecan pie is the best any have had at my law school .
persona
my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
i like fitness.
i'm a travel agent.
my parents own a business that i m now running.
i'm traveling to barbados next month.
persona II
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm very good just very busy at the moment .
what you doing ? i'm busy too although i wish i could sleep . love sleep
i'm running a business and trying to plan for my trip to barbados in a month
i have never been there ! i spend too much on shoes . just bought some new sneakers
i plan on working out there . what kind of sneakers ?
nikes . they feel great ! ! walk down the street listening to rap music . feel so cool
i am nervous about barbados , i have only been to jamaica .
i've been there . i learned about ergonomic keyboards and chairs there . new found passion
if you ever want to travel around the world i'm your person
sure , i like to sleep a lot though . not really the adventurous type
i find that i don't have the time to sleep , i've a very busy schedule
how about rap music ? its so good
i find myself drawn to exotic music which is why i travel to jamaica
persona
i like to play sports and get fresh air.
food and water are essential to me in life.
i am going to school to get a degree now.
i like watching tv in my free time as well.
i've been in 2 car crashes in my life.
persona II
chocolate is my favorite food.
i am a school psychologist.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i geocache in my spare time.
i am the youngest sibling of four.
dialogue
hello
howdy , pardoner !
how are you
i'm doing well , passing my days as a uni student . you ?
i am good . settling into the school year as well . i am a psychologist at a school .
i may pursue a rec and leisure degree , since i am into sports and stuff .
which sports ? i'm not very athletic , geocaching is my idea of fun
basketball and boxing , mainly .
nice . what are you studying at uni ?
i'm going to get an electrical engineering degree .
cool . that
yes , that's cool . do you watch tv often ?
persona
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i've borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
persona II
i've a cat.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.
i collect little figurines.
dialogue
how are you today
hi i am doing ok how are you
i'm doing good how is the weather where u are
its rainy here now but it is atlanta never know how it will turn out
it is hot where i'm at
where are you from
i do not give that type of information out
with the way the world is now that's understandable . i like to party
i am to old to party i have kids my party days are over
i am still young i go to every music festival around
it is sad what happen in las vegas
yeah it is very sad so many people were just trying to enjoy themselves
yep you can't go to a concert with out getting shot
i still will go its my world and i wanna have fun
persona
my favorite show is battlestar galactica.
i think beets are the best vegetable.
i am a paper salesman.
i live on a beet farm.
persona II
i've one child.
i own two boxer dogs.
i work for a clothes retailer.
my favorite drink is red wine.
i enjoy gardening.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
hi what is your favorites vegetable ? i realy like beets
beets taste like dirt . i like only grapes
well i a was raised on them , i live on a farm full of beats
i feel sorry for you . i like grapes because i love red wine
i sale papers for a living . what about you
i work at carters selling baby clothes
that is awesome ? i like the show battlestar galactica
that is a very good show . my hobby is gardening
that is funny . . do you grow beets ? they're the best !
i do not grow them . i think they're the worst
i've lived on a beet farm most of my life
really ! do you like them a lot ?
oh yes very very much like oh my goodness i love them for real .
i can't ever like them they're nasty
they're the best vegetable i really like them grapes are good also
persona
i love most music except country and jazz.
my favorite food is anything italian.
i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
persona II
i took classes while growing up.
since young i ve loved to cook.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
i think i have talent for it.
dialogue
hi , how are you today
i am fine , how about you ?
i'm well , just finished cooking . you ?
reading a book called middlesex , its my favorite right now
interesting , what is it about ?
about a couple in their middle age and are working
what do you do for a living
i work in an italian restaurant , i love that food
nice . i've been cooking since i was three . i would love to own a restaurant
you should go for it . i play racquetball and go to the gym alot
that's what i need , a gym membership
people tell me i'm a gym rat . forensic files and jeopardy are my favorite
nothing wrong with being healthy . i like criminal minds
yeah that's a good show too . i'm passionate about music
persona
i drive a prius.
i've freckles all over my face.
i work in construction.
i love to read romance novels.
i was in the army.
persona II
i've 10 years experience in our industry , yet she gets promoted.
i wish my boyfriend didn t want an open relationship.
i m angry at my coworker.
i want to get married again.
dialogue
i hate my coworker and believe marriage will be better the second time .
i'm sorry you feel that way . i believe in romance .
i see . i'm in a open relationship because of my boyfriend herbert . you sing ?
no , i have a boyfriend . i met him in the army .
wow ! i been at my job 10 years . you still in army ?
no , i got out last year .
oh okay . will you marry your boyfriend ? i'll not marry mine .
i am in construction now . guys are intimidated by me .
really ? my coworker was promoted over me ! i hate her !
sorry . i think men do not like having women in charge of them .
why do guys hate you ? you saying men cannot handle women bosses ?
some cannot . especially in the construction field .
hmmm . what about you ? do you have an open relationship ?
no , the relationship i am in is committed .
great ! can female bosses function in construction ?
why would they not be able to ?
persona
my favorite food is shrimp.
my mom is a palm reader in new orleans.
i sometimes spend too much money at the casino.
i once met a man i still believe was a vampire.
persona II
the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.
i am an athlete.
my position is linebacker.
i play football.
dialogue
did you make it to practice ?
what practice are you talking about ?
i am talking about football practice
i don t have footbal practice .
well wish us luck in the playoffs
sure , what team are you on ?
the raves . are you on any team ?
no , i don t play , i just like to bet at the casino way too much
which casino do you bet at ?
a casino in new orleans , my mom is a palm reader there
what games do you bet on at the casino ?
well live bets and slots , i once met a man who i think was a vampire there
do you burn in the daylight ?
no , i m fine in the daylight
persona
i work in academia at a local university.
i live in nashville.
i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.
i am committed to the environment.
persona II
i live in colorado.
i have an mba degree.
i own my home.
my car is blue.
i'm married.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
hey there ! i am doing well , how about yourself ?
i am doing well just driving to my house that i just bought
congratulations on your recent home ownership ! tell me about the neighborhood !
its very nice a lot of friendly people
that's great ! in my corner of nashville there are many nice , friendly people as well .
i just moved to colorado if i ever move again i will check that place out
in my neighborhood there is a lovely farmers market that i attend every weekend .
wow that sound awesome i love fresh fruit so does my wife
local farms that contribute to caring for the environment are what i prefer .
i agree we need more farms for food otherwise we will run out
my work at the university is research about farming and the environmental impact
i have a mba degree in farming as well
what do you think about the impact of farming on the environment ?
persona
i was adopted when i was a baby.
my adopted dad works at hp.
the future scares me.
i've six siblings.
persona II
my name is todd.
i am 8 years old.
my favorite hero is superman.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i love comic books.
dialogue
hi , my names todd . whats yours ?
gigi . if i sound tired , i just returned from conference on searching for birth parents
oh , are you an adult ? cuz i'm only 8 years old . todays my birthday .
happy birthday ! i've 6 brothers and sisters . yours going to celebrate today ?
the theme of the party is superman cuz he is my favorite superhero . u don't know your parents ?
not my birth parents . i was adopted as an infant , 8 weeks old .
sorry . no biggie . lots of comic book heroes do not know their parents .
if i was a superhero i wouldn't be so afraid of what lies ahead .
superman was adopted and he turned out great . except fot the last movie .
lol . did not see it . my father helped work on computer imaging for superman movies .
cool ! my dad says its ok to be afraid as long as it does not freeze you .
its ok . hewitt packard is having layoffs so he's worried . he needs superman !
he should buy comic books . that will help him . i love them !
i will tell him that todd told him to get some !
cool , can you send me drawings of superman your dad did ?
i'm not sure , i think he needs to check with his work before i can
persona
i decided to publish my creations on internet.
i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
i love comics.
i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.
persona II
i sing barbershop and rap.
i love to take naps.
i love watching basketball.
my eyes are blue.
my favorite season is winter.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
good and you ? i love to read comic books . do you ?
i like to sing mostly . some barbershop , some rap
i think i may try to publish my own on the internet . i can't sing .
cool what sports do you like ? mine is basketball
i did publish some but was rejected and thought i should give up . baseball !
cool what is your favorite season ? mine is winter
i am going to write my own comics and send them to publishers . love summer !
awesome idea ! favorite hobby ? this blue eyed girl is napping lol
love blue eyes . mine are green . love to craft !
i do enjoy crafting too !
i like to make wreaths , wine glasses , shirts and more . you ?
i make wineglass candles and snow globes
awesome ! sounds fun !
it is ! what is your favorite color ? mine is pink
i love pink too ! use to love purple but switch !
persona
i've 2 kids.
i'm a doctor.
i like to play baseball.
my favorite place is the mountains.
persona II
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i speak six languages.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
dialogue
hello there
hello . sorry , i'm home alone with my 2 kids today . crazy day .
that does sound crazy . do your kids like sesame street ?
yes they do !
i was actually the first test child for sesame street , way back when
i must have seen you on there
there's a chance , though i have not been in front of a camera in years
now my pager is going off . i'm the attending physician at the er today
yikes , 2 kids and attending at the er , that's more than a crazy day
it is . but i play basketball to ease the stress .
that is nice . its good to have a physical outlet .
what are your hobbies ?
i really enjoy studying languages , currently know 6
wow ! that is impressive . i have always wanted to learn to speak french fluently
persona
i own a french bulldog.
i'm unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i like getting my nails done.
i like drinking expensive wine.
persona II
i collect little figurines.
i've a cat.
subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.
starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
dialogue
good morning ! i am feeding my cat . how about you ?
cute ! i have a french bulldog named chanel . she loves to vacation with me
that is cool . mine hangs out with me at starbucks . my favorite spot !
i frequent expensive wine bars . i have plenty of time and money .
lucky ! i've to eat subway . of all restaurants that one is my favorite fast food .
i don't eat fast food . my private chef caters . are you employed ?
yes . i work at a little figurine shop . i also collect them . do you collect ?
only my wine collection . i could buy some of your pieces
that would help me out a lot ! do you work ? or just born rich ?
my trust fund pays the bills , so i have more time for manicures
that must be such a fun life to live ! any kids ? married ?
right now chanel and i live alone , except for the staff . how about you ?
i have a husband and 7 kids . we also have the dog .
you have a very busy life . i hope you get to have vacations
persona
i'm a retired newspaper reporter.
my girl friend lives in the condo next door.
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i live in a condo.
i've a large mustache.
persona II
i want to be desired.
i want to feel pretty.
i feel overweight.
i'm a mother.
i like to eat.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you ?
how are you doing this morning
i'm a bit tired today . the kids kept me up all night last night .
i'm good just watching a movie
oh nice ! hope you have some good snacks !
yes i do some sour worms
i'm jealous . although i really need to lay off the snacks .
lol u should be sleeping if the kids keep you up all night
i'm far too busy online shopping to sleep ! i need to look my best always
oh ok then how old are u
old enough to have 2 kids
ok no need to be smart just asking
i wasn't trying to be smart . my apologies !
well you did a great job at doing it
persona
i've a cat as a pet.
i love comics.
my favorite band is nightfish.
i work from home.
persona II
i've two border collies.
i enjoy hiking.
i am planning to move to a new state soon.
i speak french and english fluently.
dialogue
hi hows it going with you
pretty good , kicking back reading some comics , how about you ?
i have been hiking all day so i am relaxing . you like the outdoors ?
not really . i work form home so i can stay at home with my cat , fluffy .
that sounds nice . i'm personally a dog person
my favorite band nightfish , plays a song about dog vs cat owners .
that sounds like it would be entertaining . you are a music fan ?
not as much as i used to be but i still follow todays hits
nice . i like to listen to french music sometimes
ah nice i cannot say i have heard my french music but my of speaks fluent fence
cool maybe she will teach you
fence french . sorry about that i got eager with send . yeah i know she would want to
persona
i think i have talent for it.
i didn't pass the audition , but i'll keep trying.
i took classes while growing up.
since young i have loved to cook.
persona II
i'm a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
i love most music except country and jazz.
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
my favorite book that i've read lately is middlesex.
my favorite food is anything italian.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i am good thanks for asking
you are welcome ! whats your favorite kind of music ?
mostly pop and some rap
cool . i love rock , alternative , rap , you name it . i just don't like country or jazz .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a gym trainer . i spend lots of free time there too . you ?
i'm a waitress but someday an actress
awesome . i hope you make it big ! favorite tv shows ?
game of thrones of course
i love that show too but my favorites are forensic files and jeopardy .
don't get me started on forensic files lol
persona
i am a reality tv star.
my mother is a school teacher.
i worked as a clown in the circus.
i listen to country music.
i like to surf.
persona II
i'm trying to build my online business.
i practice yoga daily.
i've a marketing job.
i also meditate a lot.
dialogue
hello there how are you ?
i'm doing well . tell me a little bit about you .
i am trying to build a business online
oh that's so cool . what kind of business ?
a store for my art , do you have any hobbies ?
that is awesome . i am on tv , actually !
awesome , do you enjoy it
i love it . what do you do to pay the bills ?
i meditate and that channels money to me . how about you ?
haha i need to learn how to do that . i go on reality shows .
bad girls club ? or something classy like honey boo boo ?
bachelor so very classy indeed !
persona
i do not like vegetables.
i love to go running.
i enjoy spending time with my family.
my favorite truck is a chevy drama.
my favorite store is american eagle.
persona II
the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
i love to ski in the winter.
my name is mary and i'm from colorado.
i love to hike in the summer.
my favorite band is one direction.
dialogue
its fun to ski , do you like to ski ?
no i like taking my drama mudding or shopping at american eagle
everyone calls me mary and i live in colorado
nice to meet you mary what part of colorado i heard its beautiful there
colorado is cold right now , but its great in the spring .
what do you like to do in your spare tim
i live near denver because its easy to get one direction tickets there .
there are a cool band .
when i am not listening to one direction , i think hiking is fun .
i like to workout and do cardio
summer time is the best time to hike in colorado .
i bet because of all the snow in the winter
working out and doing cardio is great while i listen to one direction .
i like to listen to rock music when i work out
rock music is great while i am hiking !
it does have a fast pace for anything physical . it was nice talking to you
persona
i have bad luck with relationships.
i slack off on my homework.
i daydream during work.
i m a hopeless romantic.
persona II
i live in colorado.
i own my home.
my car is blue.
i am married.
i have an mba degree.
dialogue
hey there . how are you ?
hello , i should be doing homework but i don't feel like it .
i have my mba it is worth it . are you in college ?
yes i am . i need more motivation .
it will pay off , i own my own house now
i always daydream about my future during work
that is a good thing , just visualize it
yeah . what are your hobbies ?
i'm busy a lot , but i like driving in my blue car . you ?
reading love stories . i love romance but have bad luck with it
you'll have your day , i too struggled , but i am now married
that's great . i hope i can find true love .
i feel like you will some day
thank you . do you have any kids ?
yes , i have two girls
how nice . i eventually want three kids
persona
i drive an suv.
i've a law degree.
i've a vacation home in the mountains.
i have 3 children.
i have 3 dogs.
persona II
my landlord is raising my rent.
i was born on christmas day.
i'm an excellent baker.
everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing alright . how are you ?
i'm good just finished baking some pecan pies .
are you a mom or a grandmother ? just wondering . i'm a lawyer
neither , just a single baker trying to survive .
i get it . been there . now , i am living it up with my six figure paycheck .
nice ! wish i had it know my rent is increasing due to my landlord .
i lied . i'm not living it up . i'm miserable ! i hate my job .
i am so sorry to hear . what would you like to be doing ?
i do not know . i wish i became a whale trainer . . like at sea world . . . wishful thinking
you could do it . all you have to do is go for it .
you think ? i have got a huge mortgage , three kids in private school , and dogs
well you can always downsize your home and do what you want to do .
thanks for your good advice . maybe someday . . . i just wish i followed my dreams
persona
i'm looking for a job.
i've a dog.
my favorite color is red.
i'm not very tall.
i have two siblings.
persona II
i am a musician with a day job.
i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.
i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
lately i've been learning how to garden.
dialogue
hi !
helloooo !
you have got to listen to imagine dragons , i bet my life . its the best !
very interesting i sure will . do you have a job ?
i'm a musician but i also work as an accountant . how about you ?
i'm looking for a job . . . was hoping you could help me out .
well do you like music ? like do you play ?
i do not . i wanted to play the trombone but i am not very tall .
i am not either , that is fine . you should just start practicing
whats your favorite color ?
i would say orange . . . like the color of koi . how about you ?
my favorite is red . i have got a dog and he's red too
persona
i really wanted to be an actor.
i'm in medical school.
i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
i do community theater when i'm not in school.
persona II
i've several children.
we have a dog.
we live in a rural area.
i'm a woman.
dialogue
how are you ? do you have any kids ?
i am well . and , no kids here . you ?
yes ! a bunch ! well 4 one on the way and a dog haha
oh my ! single medical student with no pets . always wanted to be an actor though .
we live in the country so there isn't much else to do , i'm a housewife .
nice when on break , i participate in community theater . . . its not real acting though p
haha i bet not ! i never have a break
yeah . i'm sure that all those kids are a handful .
they are indeed ! i'm loosing my mind
its probably worth it though . . . five happy kiddos and a loving husband
he's a pretty amazing man . he's such a great dad
awesome ! the woman i love doesn't even know that i exist .
awww i am sorry , that's awful
thanks that's life . . . millions of others are going through worse situations .
that's a great way to look at it , perhaps someone amazing will come along
i hope so . i'll be here waiting for when they do .
persona
i like to read books about chinese history.
i can play the piano.
my dog is called alfred.
i'm a baseball player.
persona II
now i'm a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
i am an actor.
i have been acting since i was ten years old.
dialogue
how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
i am good , i play baseball and you ?
that sounds fun . i am an actor .
wow ! ! what kind of movies are you in ?
action movies i also star in a telenovela and do some commercials
cool . what do you do for fun ?
watch sports . how long have you played baseball ?
5 years . it is pretty good competition
has your team won a championship ?
yes . i used to play overseas as well
are the people overseas friendly ?
extremely . they show real hospitality to everyone
do you take your family with you when you play far away ?
i'm an only child so my parents come sometimes
that is good . i always bring my family on set with me .
aww . that is so sweet
persona
i am a personal chef.
i love creating new recipes.
i would like to open a restaurant someday.
my favorite color is hunter green.
persona II
my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.
i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.
i m a really , really good guitar player.
my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.
dialogue
i would like to play guitar in summer time
if i've a restaurant i'll paint it hunter green , it is my dream
sorry , i don't have restaurant . do you play guitar
you can come play in my future restaurant , i will be the chef
sure . do you like john grisham movie
nope , i love to cook and making new recipes
i like to eat with my girl friend , she's very pretty
i have his books , and i like his movies too
but i don't like to read book , but she have the habit to read book
i see , you two like the same author ?
no idea about that , generally i hate to read books
ha ha okay , what other movies do you like ?
i like only john grisham movies
wow ok , do you like to cook ?
no , i don't like to look , i like to eat
i can make a lot of great food for you .
persona
i am chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i'm tall and blonde.
persona II
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i work in marketing for a large company.
i like to work on cars.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
dialogue
hello there , hows it going ?
hi , doing well and you ?
doing pretty good , sipping a beer and listening to some classic rock to unwind .
fun , jammin to my fav band insane clown posse while designing
sounds like a good time . what are you designing ?
for interiors of buildings and rooms , find it easier as i'm chubby
ah , gotcha . i'm in marketing for a pretty big company , myself .
what type of company do you market for ?
its one of the major car companies
neat ! if your company needs interior designing i'm tall and blonde
for sure . if you have car trouble , i work on cars in my spare time
that's cool ! what type of car brand are you good at repairing ?
persona
i only listen to opera.
i have never been to canada.
i live in a condo.
i get up at 4am everyday.
my favorite food is steak.
persona II
i started working at google last week on self driving car research.
i love computers.
i i love logical and rational thinking.
i'm considered a nerd by many.
i'm very good at math and science.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? google is the best employer !
hey ! i'm sleepy . . google ? what is this google ?
google ? you haven't heard of google ? why are you sleepy ?
oh , i work everyday at 4am . i am a butcher . i am not familiar with google though
i see . next you are going to say you have not heard of googles self driving car
you know i think i saw that on vols home page . amazing time to be alive !
well , i worked on that self driving card research . i'm into computers , techie things
i do not get out of my condo much but i will keep an eye out !
how old are you ? what do you do for fun ?
i am in my mid 40s but i like to listen to opera . how about you ?
i like to read about science and math and do nerdy things
haha how about food ? what do you eat ?
anything logical and rational , i will eat what do you like to eat ?
well . . my favorite is a nice t bone . grass fed and finished of course . you ?
sounds good ! do you share that food with someone ? are you married ?
was married , she is a singer . we don't see much of each other these days
persona
i like to go hunting.
i have 2 dogs.
i work as a police officer.
i like to play video games.
persona II
i hope to one day be a published author.
i drink a lot of tea.
i write short stories in my free time.
i work in a used book store.
dialogue
hi there ! do you read ? i am an aspiring author .
i do read some times but more often play video games .
i played cod for years ! now i write stories instead of pick up the sticks .
good idea , i am a police officer so i shy away from shooter games .
tough career . you must love helping people . i can write about you .
it can be . not much to write about though .
i could brew some tea and you could dictate stories to me .
i lead a normal life , 2 dogs and a wife .
nothing wrong with that . i sell used books when not writing .
when i'm not working i go hunting .
what do you hunt ? i could write a story about that !
just the normal stuff , deer and pheasant .
deer jerky would go good with a dark tea .
are you a big tea drinker ?
i love tea . books and tea . pretty boring . you cook what you hunt ?
yes , my wife makes a good venison burger .
persona
i'm a barista.
my family is from algeria.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
persona II
i've a beard.
i graduated high school.
i like rap music.
i live on a farm.
i drive a truck.
dialogue
hey whats your favorite rap star
i'm not into rap but i do play piano in a jazz band .
do you live in the city i live on a big farm
i do live in the city . i play at a lot of clubs .
only clubs we have here are for country music
we play country music at the coffee shop where i work . do you work ?
yep i drive a semi , its big
that's cool . do you have any hobbies . i like languages .
no languages , i am a redneck with a big old beard
well i know arabic , english , and french . i may study redneck next
i wish i could have studied after i graduated
do you like driving trucks ?
yep it gives me a chance to listen to all the new artists
you should look up my jazz band . we are the lyrical aristas .
persona
i am planning a trip to europe.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i'm a woman who wears a size 12.
i love to shop on weekends.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
persona II
i used to be a chef , but i'm a teacher now.
i like to bake.
i've 2 cats.
i'm from mexico.
i like to go on walks.
dialogue
hola ! hows it going ? where are you from ?
hello , how are you ? i am from ohio .
cool ! i'm from mexico . what do you do for a living ?
i work from home , currently planning a trip to europe with my boyfriend .
how fancy . i used to be a chef , but i teach now .
nice ! i am anxiously awaiting our cruise next fall . i've never been on one .
i do not know if i could go on one , and leave my cats .
i'm a dog person , my oldest watches him when we go away .
i've two cats . i like taking them on walks .
i like to dance . i am a size 12 , hoping to get to a size 8 .
haha , i bake too much to be a small size .
that will do it . i love to bake .
i would love to have a baking buddy
me too . too bad you weren't close .
persona
i love dancing.
i like going to foreign countries.
i'm an only child.
i dye my hair blonde.
i have 3 cats.
persona II
i have 5 kids.
i love new gadgets.
i love to socialize.
i love to draw.
dialogue
hello ! how is your day going ?
going good . getting ready to go dancing , you ?
fun ! good day for me . busy with my five kids . what kind of dance ?
wow five kids . i only have cats
i love cats ! i draw them a lot as one of my hobbies
i've three of them . they are nice to come home to
they're cute . i visit my friends house a lot and she has pets
a friend of mine just helped me dye my hair
cool ! what color ? my friend just got me a new gadget and i love it !
blonde , it looks very cool . what does it do ?
glad you are happy . it is a 3d printer ! gadgets are my favorite
my husband has 3d pen . we used it to make a halloween costume
what was the costume ? that's amazing ! i like to draw . maybe i'll get one
it was katara from avatar . we made her necklace
i bet it took a while but was worth it .
it took a lot of tries , but it was fun , what have you printed
persona
i'm one of four siblings.
my favorite color is blue.
my mother is a teacher.
i like to draw.
i live in an apartment.
persona II
i drink diet coke.
i spend too much time shopping.
i love katy perry.
i work in retail.
dialogue
what a great day for shopping what are you up to
not too much , just watching some tv . you ?
listening to some katy perry . she's so good
i enjoy listening to her while i draw .
do you draw for a living ? i do retail .
kind of . i am an art teacher .
no way ! i love art , especially on clothes
my mother is also a teacher . i followed in her footsteps .
your mother must be proud
she's . i'm the only one of her 4 kids that teaches .
4 siblings ? wow that must be fun at the holidays
yes ! i've 3 great older brothers .
what do you like to drink ? i am a diet coke fan .
i try to drink water mainly .
its the only soda i drink ever since i started my weight loss goals
what is your weight loss goal ?
persona
my brother lives in england.
my favorite tv show is friends.
my favorite food is sushi.
i own my own business.
i have a timeshare in mexico.
persona II
i have purple hair.
i'm 6 feet tall.
i'm a genius.
i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.
dialogue
i am six feet tall , lets see if you are worthy of joining my collection .
my bro lives in uk , and my show is friends .
cool . my hair is purple and i kidnap homeless people .
how cool . i own a business . what do you do with homeless people ?
basically keep them in my house like human pets . because i am that damn smart .
i find that insane . i enjoy sushi .
whatever . what simple business do you own , lay person ?
i own a simple business of selling things .
i find that insane . are you taller than me ? my height is 6 feet .
i'm about the same size .
if you were homeless i would reject you . i only collect small humans .
well if you were homeless i would give you water .
i'm too smart to be homeless . i have an iq of over 0 .
you do not got to me smart to homeless .
the homeless think that my purple hair is berrys or something
the homeless are my friends .
persona
my sister is a published author.
i vacation in florida every winter.
my favorite color is yellow.
i was a champion downhill skier in college.
persona II
i m pursuing my law degree.
i went to college in chicago.
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i'm the youngest of 3.
i love playing tennis.
dialogue
i just got back from a tennis match and have to study . how are you ?
i am just fine , and you like tennis , i used to be a champion downhill skier
no kidding ? ! before i was in law school , i skied outside chicago .
i just used to do it for fun back when i was in college
you were good though . do you read ? i enjoy suspenseful books .
i love reading , it is my escape away from reality
escaping is good . i hang out with my two brothers over beer for an escape .
i am 20 years old and out of college , i still have never tasted a beer
wow ! i remember 20 graduating college in chicago . now i'm in law school .
wow , i met someone who is just like me
sweet , friends ! that is why i like mystery books so much , they are like cases .
i wish you and i could talk more than just once
come over to seattle . we will have your first beer together .
no thanks , i don't want to drink alcoholic beverages lol
persona
i love to go out to eat with my family.
i like to take drives in the country.
i like to read books that are in a series.
i like to chat with my friends.
persona II
i like to skateboard.
i like music.
i like the guitar.
i'm a vegan.
i like to go for bike rides.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
great how are oyu doing
i'm doing great . came back from shredding and now looking for food .
i just got done chatting with friends . something i love to do
i like bikes and the guitar , do you like to hike ?
i more so like to take country drives
the country is amazing . i love looking at the landscape .
me too . i try to go out to eat with family often .
i do not eat meat , so dining is limited .
have you ever tried series books ? i love them .
i prefer to read the classics
i can understand why . they are really good also
what kind of music do you like ?
led zeppelin and those of the like
i love rap , tupac is my favorite .
i love him also . he's classic
persona
i like cooking healthy meals.
i like to go to the gym and work out.
i m retired.
i enjoy dating women.
persona II
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
i have a brown belt in karate.
i sing in the school chorus.
i live with my paps and grandma.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good and you
i'm great . i wish that i could hang out with paps now .
do you do any work
no . i like to sing though .
nice do you do music
my choir and i like to invest our time in it
do you go to the gym
i work out at home
i work out very often now
why do you do that
because i no longer work due to age
oh it is great to stay in shape
yeah i love to cook too
persona
i am very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
i have problems chewing my food.
i've a lot of medical bills.
my mother is in the hospital.
i used to be able to run really fast.
persona II
i like basketball.
i'm from texas.
i am a father.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i work many hours.
dialogue
well finally out of the water , now to rebuild
oh no ! where are you ?
texas home of the houston rockets
well i hear that the hospitals will need a lot of work and maybe extra doctors
ya after i get my house in order i'll work 60 hour weeks in construction
wow . i know a lot about hospitals from firsthand experience . my mom is in one now .
i hope she is gonna be ok
me too . she has trouble chewing her food like i do . big problem .
oh no i hope they can fix it where you at
i am out east . what do you do other than construction
i have 3 boys , i play in a band . our sound is like imagine dragons
i used to run races with boys , i was really fast . how old are they ?
2 , 5 , 7 . did you run in high school
yes , i did . and college . you ?
persona
i am lactose intolerant.
my favorite color is orange.
i have a parakeet.
i've 3 roommates.
persona II
i like to go to the park.
i read a lot.
i work at a museum.
i am stuck in a wheel chair.
i do not have a lot of friends.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
i'm great how are you ?
pretty good , cannot wait for the weekend .
me too , do you have any plans
nothing too exciting . what will you be doing ?
i'll be going to the beach
oh , i am so jealous , i love the outdoors , especially parks . what beach ?
foster beach in chicago
oh that sounds nice . chicago has great museums .
yes there are many nice ones
definitely . i might do some reading this weekend .
me too , i take my kindle to the beach
oh , that sounds nice . i use a wheelchair so that can be difficult .
do you have any roommates ?
no , unfortunately i'm not very close to too many people .
same here , humans can be a bit much
persona
i like bagels with everything on them.
i like to train dogs.
i like to make cookies.
my favorite drink is coke.
persona II
my favorite musician is ed sheeran.
i love romantic comedies.
i like to write poetry in my spare time.
i am a yoga instructor.
i'm very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? my profession is yoga instructor . what about you ?
i am a dog trainer . i could use a little yoga in my life .
as it seems , we have busy life . what do you do on your spare time ?
i'm a big foodie , i love to bake . how about you ?
i write poetry and listen to ed sheeran . he's my favorite singer .
gosh i'm thirsty ! i could sure use a coke right now .
i am trying to be more health conscious , but i am sucker for an ice cold coke .
same here , those loaded bagels in the morning are going to kill me !
ll ! any plans for tonight ? i am watching legally blond . love romantic comedies .
nothing major planned for tonight , although a good room would be great
yes , what is your favorite romantic comedy movie ?
it of course . ll j . pennywise isn't my type .
he can make you float . everything floats down there . ll ! !
he can probably make my balloon pop too .
persona
i work at a coffee shop.
my favorite color is red.
my mom was a hairdresser.
i love to dance.
persona II
i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.
i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i've sandy brown hair and green eyes.
my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.
i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
pretty good . i actually have a day off from work
that's nice ! i'm reading some
what are you reading ? anything good ?
a sci fi novel . what color are your eyes ?
my eyes are blue , but i wish they were red like my favorite color
have you ever tried any of those contacts . they have the color red
i need to try those . they would look awesome
they have all kinds of designs that make your eyes look magical
so cool . so do you do anything for fun ? i dance !
i want to buy more art supplies
you do art ? what kind of art do you do ?
i draw and paint i want to try and make candles too
that is pretty cool . did you parents do anything interesting for work ?
persona
my favorite show ever is game of thrones.
i have been to a few renaissance fairs.
i love watching tv and movies.
i like cosplay.
persona II
i take the subway to work everyday.
i'm a vegetarian.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
i'm afraid of clowns.
i have four cats.
dialogue
hi ! do you like cats ? i own four of the them
they're ok , but not as cool as watching tv .
true , except when that show with the scary clowns are on ! i am scared of them
yah , i am more of a game of thrones kinda person . . . . hopeless addict .
ooh , i've actually never seen that show
its not bad . i am getting some coplay armor from the show made up
nice . my sister in canada does cosplay , every fall i visit her
my goal is the renaissance fair . polly just chill on the couch
you could probably take the subway there , i do to work everyday
i've never taken the subway . scares me !
its not so bad , actually what scares me more is meat because i only eat vegetarian
oh boy ! i could not do that . my parents were cattle farmers !
persona
i love iced tea.
my mom is my best friend.
i m terrified of heights.
i have four sisters.
persona II
i can play the piano.
i'm a dancer.
i'm a night owl.
i love to sing.
dialogue
good day ! how are you ?
i'm good how are you
i am great ! just got done playing some piano .
that's nice i wish i played an instrument
i can teach you ! can you dance ?
not too well my sister can though
how about singing ? i sing and dance !
no but i make great iced tea
i love iced tea . when i stay up late , it is my go to drink .
its so good my mom taught me how to make t
that's great . what else do you do ?
i spend time with my 4 sisters
4 sisters ! lot of gossip , makeup , and clothes , right !
yeah it was really fun growing up
persona
my father worked for ge.
i am an aspiring singer.
i love animals.
green is my favorite color.
i enjoy playing tennis.
persona II
i own a chevy tahoe.
my favorite food is steak.
i don't know how to swim.
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite genre of music is rock.
dialogue
wuss poppin b ? whats good with you
good , i just off work so i'm tired
took you long enough ! what do you do ?
sorry , i trying to become the next big thing in music , i sing
very cool . you sing any rock ? that's my favorite type of music
in my spare time i play tennis , and hang out with my cat
cool , didn't ask ! do you like trucks ?
no , i'm a folk music singer .
oh ! cool . whats your fav food ever ? !
and my dad is a manager at ge .
really confused as to why youre saying these things . my gramps was in wwii
i am vegan so salad all day every day !
oh sorry , its lagged ! but yummy . my fav is steak
i don't like meat at all sorry
that's ok ! we can all like different things . can you swim ?
yes i do swim but i like to run in my free time
persona
i think i have talent for it.
i did not pass the audition , but i will keep trying.
i auditionated in a cooking show.
since young i've loved to cook.
i took classes while growing up.
persona II
my favorite flower is a rose.
my favorite color is orange.
i'm a vegan.
i have a cat named jasper.
dialogue
what is your favorite kind of flower ?
saffron . beautiful . rare . expensive . and slightly hallucinogenic
wow you really like flowers ! i love roses .
you ever try cooking with them . roses ?
cooking what ? i'm vegan
well , roses are very fragrant , so that can be imparted into food
my cat jasper keeps jumping on my keyboard !
jasper ! bad kitty . i had an audition today
really ? did you get the gig ?
noooooooooo . but , tomorrow is another day .
next time wear orange its my favorite good luck color
the apron on the cooking show , was orange . so sad i did not get ti
persona
my dog s name is wonwon.
i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.
i m still single at the age of 35.
i teach both japanese and drawing classes.
i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
persona II
i play the piano.
i'm going bald.
i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.
i hate flowers.
dialogue
hi'm race and i'm a professional piano player .
i'm fluent in japanese and some things are hard to say .
that is amazing . i do not speak any languages . i am starting to bald .
my dogs name is won won and i am still single at the old age of 35 .
i am a single mom . and it isn't bad . i hate the fragrance of flowers .
i love to say the word hippopotamus .
i just ran into jimmy fallon the other day .
i'm way jealous ! i'm a big fan of his .
he is a great man and kind .
far out . did you get pictures ?
no it was a brief moment . we are good friends
you lucky duck , you ! do you meet celebrities often
depends on my location and tout dates
whatever you do sounds awesome . enjoy it . life is too short not to .
it is i hope you do the same !
i try to . too much bad stuff in this world .
persona
i weight 300 pounds.
i am a man.
i like candy and soda.
i'm not healthy.
i like the movie godfather.
persona II
i enjoy video games.
i work at a hotel overnight.
i eat more junk food than i really should.
i write in my spare time.
dialogue
i love to write when i have time
i eat too much candy and weigh way too much .
i'm on a diet , because i eat too much junk food
my buddy always tells me dude you are unhealthy . he is right .
do you exercise ? i exercise while playing video games
it is hard to exercise at 300 pounds . i drink soda and watch godfather .
i write while i work overnights at a hotel after i exercise
what do you do for exercise ?
push ups , sit ups , punches , kicks .
nice . i'd be stuck on the ground doing a pushup .
you have great sense of humor , but you can do half push ups
i will try that after this round of the godfather . it is my favorite .
persona
i am also round.
i am short.
i like reading.
i have big face cheeks.
persona II
my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.
i own a cleaning company.
i enjoy cooking.
i'm married.
my mother was a teacher.
dialogue
hello ! have you read any good books lately ?
oh yea ! ever read neuromancer ?
no , i only like books by nicholas sparks . he is my favorite .
oh wow , his writings are inspirational .
yes , he is really the best . my mom used his books to teach me to read .
his books help take my mind off of my weight problem .
are you very overweight ? me too because i cook so much .
yes , kids in class used to call me rub a tub tub because of my big cheeks .
i am sorry that happened to you . are you married ?
no ; i need to find someone short and round like me , i think .
i met my wife at my cleaning company . you will find someone if you want !
perhaps i'll try picking someone up at the library ; do you own the cleaning company ?
i sure do ! what do you do ?
i just read a lot , and get paid . i do not mind ; i like doing it .
that sounds like the best job ever !
it is ! i read everything from novels to cook books .
persona
my favorite author is stephen king.
i love to read.
i am a vet tech.
i am a christian.
my favorite movie genre is horror.
persona II
i sing in the church choir.
i m a truck driver in the south.
i grew up in the trailer park.
i've three kids.
dialogue
how are you on this fine day ?
i am great . i love reading and my fave author is stephen king .
well that is cool , i do not do much reading . looking forward to church tomorrow ?
yes i'm a christian . i work as a vet tech . what about you ?
well i drive a truck down here , but my passion is singing in the church choir .
great ! my other interests are horror movies . what will you do tonight ?
oh i will just be at home with my three kids . they're the reason i drive trucks .
lol . everyone has to make a living and pay the bills .
yep , not going to have them growing up in the trailer park like i did .
you sound like a devoted parent . how old are the kids ?
the twins are 9 , and baby willie is just  months . got any yourself ?
boy and girl 23 and  . do you have pets ?
sure do , we have a dog named boss . he's a big brute . what about you ?
i have a dog named toby . he's a mush . any cats ?
nope , no cats , the dog would eat them . what about you , what are your plans tonight ?
maybe i'll get pizza and relax at home . where do you live ?
persona
i love to read fiction books.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
i am a georgia resident.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i like nfl and college football.
persona II
my next job will be in the federal court.
i used to be a lawyer.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
my name is albert.
dialogue
hi , i'm albert , how are you ?
hi how are you today
good , i'm tried work is hard
where do you work at
i work at a court house as a judge
do you play fantasy football
but i am moving to a federal court house next week , and you ?
i do not move to the court
i give everyone a second chance
that's very kind of you
my last job was good to , i was a lawyer .
do you like fantasy football
what do you do for a living ?
i write books mostly yeah
persona
i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.
i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.
persona II
i have one older sister named mary.
i recently broke my leg.
i was born premature.
my dad is journalist for the new york times.
dialogue
hi , i just got home from work , how are you today ?
good . reading about kurt cobain . his death was hard for me in middle school
i had an accident and broke my leg so i'm glad to be home .
my dad was a deadbeat . we do not have a relationship that made it worse .
i remember that too , teen spirt that was cool back in the day .
yes it was . i still wear babydoll dresses with my combat boots
that's sad my dad works for the new york times as a journalist .
that's cool . i only passed my driving test after flirting with the dmv officer .
my older sister wears that too her name is mary .
we share a name . i am mary kate
lol i've heard that most people get their license that way .
it worked . i do not know if that is a good or bad thing .
where do you live ? i live in arizona
louisiana . i was just about to ask you that ?
and it is always so hot here , i am getting sick of this weather
well our weather is different everyday .
persona
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i love going to concerts.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i'm a librarian.
persona II
i love to travel.
my favorite music is rock and roll.
i am from russia.
i enjoy skiing.
dialogue
hey , there ! how are you ?
i am doing well ! how are you ?
very good ! i am just making my travel plans . . .
where are you planning on going ?
i am thinking about heading over to switzerland
that would be cool . i would love to go to italy . my favorite food is italian .
italian food is delicious ! do you have hobbies ?
i like to volunteer at my local animal shelters . what about you ?
you seem like you have a kind heart i like skiing ! !
www , thank you ! i've never been skiing . is it fun ?
it is very fun i learned how to ski in russia , the place i was born
wow , you are very international ! i like to read about all those places .
you must be an avid reader ! do you listen to rock n roll too ?
i've to be i work at the library . i'm more into alternative . you ?
persona
i am very athletic.
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i get distracted easily.
i've lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i've been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
persona II
i like thomas the tank engine.
i like books about trains.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
my cat died.
dialogue
please tell me you like trains ! i love everything about trains .
i don't really care about them i'll not lie
thomas the tank is my favorite . maybe that will change when i turn 10 .
maybe . how many friends do you have ?
i've 3 best friends , but my cat just died last week . so , i am sad .
i've a lot of friends , more than you .
how old are you ? my daddy has a train we can both play with .
i'm pretty old . i don't want to tell you
i just learned to read . we can be friends and i'll read about trains .
that is fine . you can read to me
neat ! i am glad you are my friend . do you have a pet ?
no but some of my friends have cats
my cat used to play in my dads train set . one time , he broke an engine !
oh no , did he get in trouble ?
he had to stay outside for rest of the day . where do you live ?
that is terrible . what a poor kitty . i do not want to tell you
persona
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
i'm an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
persona II
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
i am a jack of all , master of none.
i'm unsociable.
my weakness are sweets.
dialogue
hi how are you today
doing great eating pizza my favorite food
do you eat any other food ?
mexican and chinese are also good
where do you work at
not working but have a project with bitcoins .
wow do you have a lot
yes . i also love to dance the salsa so much fun
nice do you eat salsa
haha i knew you'd ask lol yes i love it and you ?
i eat it but mostly candy
dancing the salsa and eating salsa are very different lol
yeah sweets are delicious to me
i do have a sweet tooth i can not lie
yeah are you good at anything
i guess i'd have to say that i became an engineer and i enjoy that
persona
my parents are lawyers.
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
winter is my favorite season.
persona II
i have long fingers.
i have long legs.
i can t eat shrimp.
like a skeleton.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
i'm great how are you ?
not too bad was a long day
well that is no fun ! where are you from ?
i am from north dakota and you ?
montana . up here going to school
oh nice . do you like seafood ? i cant stand it
no ! there should be a law against it
haha agreed . are you in shape ? i am way too skinny like bone skinny
nope , sit all day at dads lawyer office where i intern lol
that's a good job tho
when i graduate , mom , dad , and i'll all be lawyers in the same office
its good to have a job planned out for sure
yeah , i just want to help people i court like my parents have .
makes sense to want to help
for sure . but it is off to bed with me nice talking to you !
persona
i work at a hospital.
i m twenty years old.
i love pasta.
i m a student at a small community college.
persona II
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i work five days a week.
i enjoy shopping.
i don t have children.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
dialogue
good morning how is it going
great thanks how are you ?
great , i really enjoy doing shopping online
same here its easy as i'm a student
i work like 5 days a week never worked on the weekend
oh really a hospital is where i work
i go to yoga on tuesday and to the pool on thursday for 3 hours
sweet do you like pasta
i have a busy week although i don't have children
same i go to college although its small
its a beautiful day out today
it is here as well lovely and sunny
its kinda windy though but nice
same here , i'm 20 today
it seem like its going to rain
hopefully it does i like rain
persona
i wear dingy clothes.
i've blue and orange hair.
i've often been called a slacker.
i'm a weirdo.
i ride a skateboard.
persona II
i like hiking up volcanoes.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
dialogue
hello there . how are you ?
good . just finished doing my laundry .
i need to do mine . it is all dirty from hiking up volcanoes .
just throw it all in together !
i may . after i finish my ginger snaps .
yum . what color is your hair ?
my hair is black and gray .
mine is the color of the sky and also pumpkins
that sounds pretty . i sometimes relieve myself on the roses .
and people call me strange ! i'm lazy enough to do that too !
i am also quite attracted to canadian women .
what do they look like ?
hard to describe . they smell like syrup .
interesting . i think it would make me hungry for waffles .
i am always hungry for waffles .
hey , i am too ! i also like pancakes .
persona
i want to move to las vegas.
my sister is my best friend.
i like to watch shows on netflix.
i want to learn self defense.
persona II
i met my wife at a tickleback concert.
i've a twin sister named jessica.
my favorite food is fried chicken.
i am a pilot for southwest.
my son was born completely blind.
dialogue
hello ! how was your weekend ? i hung out with my twin jessica .
hi ! it was good . i hung out with my sister . what did you guys do ?
we had dinner ! fried chicken . yum my fav .
sounds delicious . we watched netflix
nice ! i've to go back to work tomorrow ugh working at southwest .
the airline ? that sounds fun . i would love to fly around the country
i am actually a pilot . its amazing . do you have children ?
nope . i hope to live in vegas and have fun first . you ?
i have one son whom was born blind
oh , well that must be great having a son . do you take him flying ?
yes , of course ! have you ever been to a concert ?
yes , a few with my sister . you ?
yes , a few too . the first time i ever saw my wife was at a tickleback concert
aw that is really romantic . what a fun way to meet
persona
i've thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
i found out that i am carrying twins.
i already have 3 children.
persona II
i work at a daycare.
my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.
my major is in business administration.
i have been in a relationship for 2 years.
dialogue
do you think that 2 years is very long to be dating ?
that is a decent amount of time . man this morning sickness . . .
if you'll be looking for a daycare , i work at one .
that would be wonderful . i already have 3 little ones with 2 more coming .
wow ! that is almost an entire team !
yeah . this pregnancy is really tough . i need to be on bed rest now .
how little are your little ones ?
they are good . my spouse is great with them . wish i could be more active
i am a student , business admin isn't what i thought it would be .
got to follow your dreams . school is just an option after all
i don't want to be a dentist like my dad , that's certain !
what do you want to be ? sorry if i seem like i'm being like a parent
possibly a teacher , my mom has been doing that forever .
well you seem good with kids if you work in a daycare .
persona
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
as long as i have a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
my wife makes the best pasta.
persona II
i've a nice smile.
i m not a nice person.
i like makeup.
i love to exercise.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good . do you paint ?
i've never been a painter . to boring . i prefer exercise
i like painting while listening to pink .
i do like pink . . especially in my makeup choices
sounds like that makes you happy . coffee makes me happy .
i love coffee . and exercise . and my nice smile d
i like drawing , that's what makes me smile .
what do you like to draw ?
my wife mostly , she makes the best pasta .
what kind of pasta ? i love alfredo
all kinds , i look forward to in on my drive to work in the morning .
that now that sounds exciting !
i guess , it takes me an hour to drive to work .
persona
i love to run fast.
i am strong.
i never eat veggies.
i am young.
persona II
i'm going to school for writing.
i often help her sort books in the library.
my mother is a librarian.
i'd like to be a journalist one day.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
dialogue
i am off to writing school , awesome !
oh wow , congratulations ! for college ?
sometimes i assist her to sort novels in the library !
well that's neat ! do you enjoy running or athletics ?
wel my mom is a librarian so no
oath , that is limiting , i'm sorry ! i'm strong and could lift many books
one day i would like to be a journalist !
that would be a fun job ! when i grow up i want to teach , maybe
readin fantasy novel and poetry are my true loves !
do you like pablo neruda ? i love his poetry
i hate pass and i am off to school for writing , so i should know !
hey , do you like vegetables ?
persona
i love pizza.
i am an american citizen.
i like reading mystery novels.
going to the beach is my favorite past time.
my son is a football player.
persona II
i have a sleeve of tattoos.
i like to drink at bars with friends.
i love dogs.
i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
i'm a photographer.
dialogue
hello there how are you ?
hello , i'm doing good how are you ?
i'm great thanks . do you have any plans today ?
i will probably go to the beach , its my favorite . you ?
i love going for walks and i am near a beach . so i guess me too
what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
i like sour foods and spicy foods . where are you from ?
i'm american , what about you ?
i'm american too . what part are you in ?
california . what do you like to do ? i read mystery books
i like books as well , but mostly suspense .
i like those too , do you have kids ?
persona
my favorite author is jane austen.
i eat a lot of fish.
i only wear tennis shoes.
i own a boat.
i live near the ocean.
persona II
i love candy.
i own 3 cats.
i deliver packages for a living.
i drive a honda car.
i am a very funny woman.
dialogue
hey i got 3 cats and candy is favorite ! ! ! !
hey . nice to meet you too .
yeah , whats the worst movie you ever had to sit through ?
no idea . i only read . jane austen
nice , reading is way neat . i have to read for work . i work for ups
oh yes . i read on weekends
is not it weird to see the read and read in the same sentence .
not sure . got to ask the fishes
love fish . you like kale or apples more ?
i like kale better than most
i like your style . the green giant would be proud
thanks . i love going to see too
going to see . . . my sweet honda civic ? got tint too . .
oh . honda civic ? i would rather an accord
persona
as long as i've a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
my wife makes the best pasta.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
persona II
i like the color blue.
i changed my hair color to blue.
i like to listen to elvis.
i drive a blue car.
i own blue shoes.
dialogue
you ever been stabbed in the face ? you sing ?
i've never been stabbed at all , have you ? i do not sing .
i love blue so much i colored my hair . you like blue ?
that's wild , yeah blue is just fine . do you like pasta ?
you ever ran from a pack of wild dogs ? just asking .
not so far , what about you ?
my dog hates listening to elvis . now he dead . you like elvis right ?
not really , but i could give it a try .
cats have nine lives . i wonder how many we have . you like blue shoes ?
i wonder too . i like to draw blue shoes i suppose .
blue hair , blue car and fave color blue . what else is blue ?
the sky , hey what about your eyes ? are they blue ?
they were . ever had a bird peck your head ?
they changed color ? i've not had a bird on my body , have you ?
no . yes . you ever see elvis in a cloud ? i have .
i have only seen archival footage and photos of elvis .
persona
i've a garden in my yard.
i like to make fresh pies.
my hobby is sewing.
i like to go swimming.
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.
persona II
my favourite band is rush.
i'm colour blind.
i'm a mother of two.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
hello , i'm fine and just watering my garden .
oh , i love gardening , although i'm color blind and cannot see the flowers very well !
well , at least you can smell them , and enjoy the breeze , i too am color blind
do you travel ? i speak three languages . hello , bonjour , hola !
yes , sometime i go down south , and visit my family
any kids ? i've two of them .
i've one and making fresh pies for my daughter
oh , i love pie . what kind of pie ?
apple pie , my favorite and pumpkin
excellent , i love both of those .
after i'm going swimming and enjoy the breeze
that sounds good , i love a good breeze . do you like music ? i love rush .
yes , love music , but i like to sewing
persona
my mother is dead.
i've a golden retriever.
i like to hike.
i work in advertising.
persona II
i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
i refuse to ride the bus.
i find joy in the littlest things.
my parents are both dead.
dialogue
hello , its me . i have been wondering if you would like to chat about some things .
that would be great ! how was your day ? i just home from a hike .
it was good . i jammed out to pop music all day .
before my mom passed , pop music was her favorite too .
i'm sorry , my parents both died while riding the bus .
so sorry ! that is is why i try to hike often with my golden retriever , charlie .
i love golden retrievers . i love the fluffiness of their tails . it is my favorite thing
me too ! i work at advertising firm that works with a lot of fluffy animals .
fluffy is my favorite word of all . that sounds amazing .
it really is . are there any good places to hike where you live ?
yes , everywhere is a hiking trail .
i never thought about it like that . i love your perspective !
persona
i love new gadgets.
i have 5 kids.
i love to draw.
i love to socialize.
i am great with babies.
persona II
i'm a civil war reenactment participant.
i like to make short films.
my mother is a well known celebrity.
i've traveled overseas many times.
i've been on the tv news six times.
dialogue
hi , do u have interest in making short films
i never thought about it . i love taking videos , so filming it might be fun !
oh yeah . i've been in news so many times
for your short films ?
for being a participant in civil war and tell me about yourself
well , for starters , i have 5 children . we always have a house full of kids !
oh good . how do u manage ?
honestly , i love kids so its easy . do you have kids ?
yeah . i love traveling . do u ?
i do like traveling . i love getting new gadgets and trying them on my travels .
oh great ! i travel with my mom who is a celebrity .
wow , that is exciting ! what is she famous for ? anything i'd know ?
she is a famous writer . i like reading books .
that is funny , i am an illustrator for a publishing company !
good job . my best wishes for your successful career .
thank you so much , i appreciate that . good luck on your travels .
persona
i want to move to london when i get older.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i love soccer.
i have 3 brothers.
i like to invest in the stock market.
persona II
i go to college part time.
i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.
i have a crush on my co worker.
skateboarding is a hobby of mine.
dialogue
hello there . what are you doing ?
i am working at my job at nike .
does nike make skateboard shoes ?
no , mainly running shoes , tennis shoes , and basketball shoes .
too bad , i love skating . what do you love ?
i love investing . i also like soccer .
my coworker plays soccer . she's so cute .
you should ask her out . where do you work ?
i don't work , i am a part time student studying programming .
do you know anything about using software to invest ?
i prefer not to say . i am far too casual for that stuff .
ok . have you ever been to london ?
no , i do not like big cities . i'm a country person .
there are more skate parks in cities .
i've a huge ramp in my backyard . do you have a hobby ?
i am an accountant . so i like playing with numbers .
persona
i am a vegetarian.
i wish that i lived in the city.
i live on a pig farm.
i have allergies.
persona II
i enjoy playing video games.
i'd rather stay up late than get up early.
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i'm the youngest sibling in my family.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
dialogue
how are you doing today
pretty good . just taking a break from my farm duties
what do you do on the farm
i help take care of our pigs
how many pigs do you have
27 . . i hate raising them to be slaughtered though . i do not even eat meat
that would be so sad
it breaks my heart . i wish i did not live here
where do you want to live
some place in the city where i do not have to kill animals
that would be nice for you
what do you do for fun ?
i like to play games . do you ?
i do , as long as those games do not involve food . i've so many allergies
what are you allergic to
everything . . chocolate , melon , grass , pollen , bees
persona
i have a son.
i love horses.
i am a yoga instructor.
i collect seashells.
persona II
i love honey.
i enjoy talking to strangers.
my favorite animal is a monkey.
i want to live at the beach.
dialogue
hi there ! i just had some of my favorite snack that i love , honey !
hello ! nice to meet you . i enjoy honey too .
i also like talking to random strangers .
lol , me too . so , what are your hobbies ?
i like reading , watching movies , traveling , and photography .
wow , i love all those things too . do you have kids ?
no kids . but my favorite animals are monkeys . . . they can act like kids
very funny ! i enjoy riding horses on the beach and gathering seashells with my son .
i would love to live at the beach . i was born at the beach .
i teach yoga and am writing a book about living on maui .
you live on maui ! that is so amazing ! can i come visit ?
absolutely ! what kind of work do you do ?
i work for the city parks deparment as a gardener .
i love gardening . it is great to work outside in the sunshine .
yes it is . although winters are brutal .
i bet . where do you live ?
persona
i like jazz.
i like antiques.
i collect dolls.
i like victorian things.
persona II
pudding makes me gassy.
i ve never done drugs because i don t know where to buy them.
ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.
i have a friend named james who secretly rules the world.
i love living in texas.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am good , just listening to some jazz music and relaxing , you ?
i love kesha the singer
i don't like her that much , i like old music and old things .
do you like eating pudding ?
who would not love pudding , i've an amazing victorian recipe
it gives me a lot of gas
that's disgusting , you should go see a doctor tomorrow .
i know i need an rx
what is in an rx ?
medication for my gas problem
you should buy it right away , your partner must hate it .
it is fine we live in texas
i've never been to texas . can i visit ?
sure it is hot tho
then maybe i can visit in spring when the weather is not so bad
persona
my parents are lawyers.
i don t like wearing a swimsuit.
if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
winter is my favorite season.
persona II
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
people don t like me too much but i like them anyways.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
hey i'm doing good , yourself ?
i am doing pretty good too .
i wish it was winter already , my favorite season .
what is great about winter ? it is really cold , and terrible for those without a home .
i like winter because i can wear my layered outfits .
i suppose that's a plus if you like feeling cozy !
i do love being cozy , what do your parents do for a living ?
my mother is a christian camp counselor and my father owns a restaurant . yours ?
my parents are both lawyers , i am very lucky .
sounds like it ! what about you , what do you do ?
i am just a student currently but hoping to study law as well .
that is a good choice , you can make a lot of money in that field .
what is your dream job ?
i would love to help eliminate poverty . i donate to charities but it isn't enough .
which charities do you generally donate too ? i can help .
persona
i will never punch a clock again.
one day i played the lottery.
i hit for over forty million dollars.
i am rich beyond my dreams.
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
persona II
my favorite color is yellow.
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my father is dead.
my boyfriend is in the army.
dialogue
my fav color is yellow
i like money , a whole lot . now i'm rich , like rick james
my daddy is dead an my boyfriend is in army
i played the lottery , and won . now i am rich
lol oh yea , i play the piano
i'll not ever work another 9 5 because i'm like van halen now . . rich
i like that lol share it
summons sharing spell i will share you the world ! ! !
like yellow ? i do i like tulips alot
my girlfriend likes tulips . there's a tulip festival in portland every year
i like when someone is sharing the world with me
i can share you the world . . shining , shimmering , splendid . .
persona
i have a dog and two cats.
i live by myself.
i like to go for runs.
i like country music.
i play the guitar.
persona II
my parents met at woodstock.
i love starbucks coffee.
i've a beautiful rose garden.
i have a cat named pickles.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hi there ! i'm doin well . you ?
i'm well , just sitting at starbucks having my morning coffee . how are you ?
i just got back walking my dog ! haha . coffee sounds great right now !
usually i drink my morning coffee in my rose garden . what are your hobbies ?
i love going on runs and playing country music on my guitar haha
fun ! do you have any pets ?
i do ! i have a dog and 2 cats . you ?
i do too , i've a cat pickles . where are you from ?
haha what a great name ! i'm from alabama . are you from the south ?
no , i am from new york . my parents actually met at woodstock !
wow i have never been to new york ! do you like living there ?
persona
i'm a vegan.
i've a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
my eyes are brown.
i love going to concerts.
i study philosophy at mass.
persona II
my name is todd.
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.
i love comic books.
my favorite hero is superman.
i am 8 years old.
dialogue
hi , i am todd , i have my superman cape on
so i guess if you had to pick between flight and invisibility , you would pick flight ?
i guess if my mom would let me
i'm a philosophy major at mass , i always ask those kind of questions
what super hero do you want to be ?
my moms strict too , i got an angel tattoo on my hip . she was mad
i bet your mom was like catwoman
no , more like captain planet . i'm even vegan because of her .
does vegan mean you do not want to be a super hero ?
no . just a different one . who would you be ?
i'd want to be superman . . . . with blue glasses . . . . updated look
do you like music ? i love concerts
i like justin seiber . . . not sure what a concert is
wait , really ? i like jimmy buffets , brown eyed girl because i have brown eyes .
oh , i like sesame street and the count is my favorite person
concerts are where musicians play their music in person to crowds
persona
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
my mother met elvis.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
persona II
my father was a famous actor.
i don't like acting.
i've 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
i don't like kids.
i have 3 ex wives.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
pretty good ! just came back from the lake , and about to listen to an audiobook . yo ?
just on the old internets . what book ?
grit by angela duckworth . its a fascinating book about perseverance .
i'll have to remember that . hobbies ?
i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?
i like driving my 3 ferraris
3 ! ? ! ? ? ! how did you manage that ?
because i stole them from my 3 ex wives
well goodness ! must have been a nasty divorce .
not for me . gimme them cars .
ll ! ! ! the most exciting thing that is happened to me was i moved out at 14 .
where did you move to ?
los angeles . i was going to model , but it did not work out .
i am sorry to hear that . my dad was an actor
cool ! was he ever in anything famous well known ?
persona
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i'm an engineer.
i am currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
my mother has her own fashion brand.
i am a vegan.
i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.
my favorite artist is bob ross.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing quite well , and you ?
i'm doing ok . tell me a little about yourself .
good . well i work as an engineer
i am an accountant , started a new job 3 months ago .
do you like it ? i quit my job once just to travel .
yes . i also just started to be a vegan . thought i would try it out .
wow , i love pizza so that would be hard for me
yes it would be . only been doing it a few days .
dang , do you know anything about bitcoin ?
yes , i bought a painting by bob ross and paid via bitcoin .
excellent , my job involves bitcoin right now
great , bob ross is my favorite .
he's cool , do you have any pets ?
yes , my mom taught me about bitcoin since she has her own brand in fashion .
she sounds savvy , and very cool
persona
i love winning.
i can tell right away if i'm going to like someone.
i love sunny days.
coffee is important to me.
i do not like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
persona II
i am an excellent student.
i am very popular and have a lot of friends.
my parents are divorced.
i could not live without my dog , bart.
i'll graduate from college in two years.
dialogue
hi
hello
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a secretary for a law firm . coffee really helps me . its important to me
that's cool i am a college student
ah , i can already tell i am gonna like you . i've that power .
lol
are you a people person ?
very much so
i can tell when i will like a person but don't like being obligated to socialize
are you married ?
no , but i do have a girlfriend that i intend to marry
and youre a secretary . i thought u were a girl
yes , i'm .
persona
i like swimming.
i'm an only child.
my mother is a housemaid.
i've traveled to europe and mexico.
persona II
i prefer winter over fall.
i am a marathon runner.
i like to swim.
i prefer morning to night.
my favorite fruit is an apple.
dialogue
hey there its almost winter how are you ?
so good , right now i'm swimming in my moms bosses pool !
awesome ! i like to run over anything else !
i'd like to run back over to europe but you know . . . at least it nice here in mexico .
really ? you in mexico that is cool
no it hot . haha but sible bless me , i get all the love
i like to take a swim also
yeah best pool on na continent
really ? i like to in the am over nights
yep . moonlight is amazing but northern light grab you too
i bet it does i like apples alot also
that reminds me i have no siblings , and guilt about apples . . .
why the guilt with apples ?
well i'm floating around on a raft while mom cleans the mansions toilets , plus eve . . . .
persona
i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.
i'm from san fransico.
i like to smell my own farts.
my beer gut is so huge i'ven t seen my feet in two years.
i'm always the one who buys the beers.
persona II
my favorite food is salad.
i teach a yoga class.
i am single.
my mother was a teacher.
i enjoy nature.
dialogue
namaste . my name is lucy . how are you ?
i'm well , disgusted by my farts lol
oh eww . with eating so much salad i know how that's .
lol really ? i'm so fat i cannot see my feet lol
oh geez . i teach yoga so am pretty fit . do you work ?
i tried it , i just buy booze .
oh i see . i am more of naturalist .
i love where i live , where do you live ?
in the city . so i don't get into nature often .
i hate my friends got me so fat .
that seems like a weird conclusion .
why ? it is there fault .
ok ? well gotta go teach a class . nice chatting .
same with you workout for me
persona
my parents are in there 80s.
i'm only 5 foot tall.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
i've 8 brothers and we are close.
persona II
i drink coffee every day.
i'm a teacher.
i do yoga every morning.
i love chocolate.
i have a twin sister.
dialogue
hi been drinking coffee all day . . lol how are you ?
haha i'm good ! had a physical today . things didn't change still 5 foot ! lol
ll i am healthy as i love to do yoga everyday before i go to my teaching job
wow , pretty good . i am not as dedicated . how many siblings do you have ?
i am a twin . i've an identical twin sister
cool ! i am the youngest of eight . . . only girl !
are you spoiled ? ll i bet
haha , not with that many siblings . i'm the forgotten child . literally . my parents are 85 . lol !
wow ! i need a snack right now , my downfall is chocolate so tasty
mmm chocolate is so much ! i love a good sunset and a piece of chocolate
great combo ! ! if we lived close we could share it together
haha , yeah . where do you live ?
cleveland ohio all my life
oh ! yep it would be a long drive for you .
where do you live ? not close ?
miami florida . . . at least a days drive i think
persona
i also dance and sing.
i want to be a famous actor.
i love to walk my dog everyday after work.
i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
persona II
i've a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
dialogue
i love puppies , mine is names tiki . do you have any dogs ?
yes ! ! ! ! i've a husky named tony . what kind of dog do you have ?
weaner dog . i grew up listing to music from the 80s . my favorit was the pretenders .
awesome , i sing in a coffeehouse and that's sometimes a request .
nice . i am a kindergarten teacher .
how do you deal with all those kids ?
always gotta keep them active . my favorite good is spicy tex mex .
i do not know what my favorite food is , los angeles has so much variety . .
allot of good food in wisconsin too !
i suppose . . . it would be quiet for me . i have always been in big cities
wisconsin has some big cities too . but crime is getting worse !
that sucks , but i think crimes on the rise everywhere
persona
i like having my back scratched.
i am allergic to shellfish and cats.
my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.
i only eat at restaurants.
persona II
when i've nothing else to do , i read books.
i like to write poetry.
i'm a vegetarian.
i work as a bartender.
i used to be in the marines.
dialogue
hello , nice to meet you . want a drink ?
if you scratch my back , sure !
haha , that's a new one . you remind me of someone i read about .
i am a little unique . . i have more than 500 pairs of shoes like my mom !
she must have worked hard to get all of those !
she's well off , we do not eat at home , only at restaurants .
wish i could have eaten some nice fast food when i was away in service .
i always carry an epi pen , just in case there are some shellfish or cat hair hidden .
oh i do not eat any meat , i wouldn't know if i'm allergic to shellfish or not .
are you vegan ? i'm .
pretty close , i'm a vegetarian . what a coincidence !
yep , not easy finding true vegan restaurants .
persona
i am a female.
my favorite food is pizza.
i have blonde hair.
i'm in high school.
persona II
i like to come up with new hairstyles.
i like to go on long hikes.
i like to do my nails.
i like to play volleyball.
i like to pickle eggs.
dialogue
hi ! are you athletic ? volleyball is my favorite sport .
hello , i don't play any sports . do you have a favorite food ?
i try to pickle eggs when i get the chance , for a tasty treat .
pizza is my go to for a treat .
are you into beauty ? i love styling nails and hair .
yes , i actually am going to my high school homecoming and am getting my hair done .
lovely ! that sounds so much fun ! you will have a blast !
thanks , it is nice as a female to get dressed up every once in a while .
i agree ! i am a girly tomboy . i love sports , and hiking too .
i am thinking about dying my hair from blonde to red . i love hiking too !
you could go blonde and put some red chunks in it .
that is a good idea !
you'll have to take lots of pics !
i will for sure do that . did you go to homecoming ?
i won homecoming in high school !
oh wow , that is awesome !
persona
i like country music.
i like to go for runs.
i live by myself.
i play the guitar.
persona II
i dream of playing music for a living.
both my parents are creative.
mom in telecommunications.
i m a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
dialogue
hey there , what do you do for a living ?
i work as a band mate playing guitar
that is cool , my mom makes writes music , very creative
oh that is neat , i love listening to country music does she also write country music ?
its more pop than it is country , if you know what i mean
i do ! what else do you enjoy ? i enjoy going for long runs on the beach .
well , i am studying a music degree , to teach and play instruments with kids
i think it would be interesting teaching kids . maybe i'll trying writing music for guitars .
well , you could do it as a side job , my mom works in telecommunications
that's true . are you married ? i am not .
no , i'm trying to finish college first
that is a good idea . i tend to enjoy being alone . relationships can be frustrating .
they really are , just not worth it
thank you so much for the chat , its been nice !
yes , thank you , i agree .
how do you enjoy college ?
persona
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
i go visit them sometimes.
my best friend lives in a big city.
i work at a grocery store.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
persona II
i use to own 6 cats.
i never learned how to write.
i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.
i got married to my highschool friend.
i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
doing well , just a little tired , just got off of work , stocking at groceries .
that's good . i've a bit of a headache .
sorry to hear that , hope you feel better .
i hope so too . last week i had to call 911 my head hurt so bad .
oh my , when i am not feeling well , i spend time sitting in my garden .
i can't have a garden because of my cats . i used to have 6 but one died .
i understand . my mom is a social worker at school , i donate the vegetables to her school .
that's really nice of you to do !
i want to visit my best friend in the big city , been working a lot of overtime .
that sounds nice . i can't travel alone since i can't see past 200 feet .
sorry to hear that . i hope you have a travel companion .
i've my husband . we married out of high school . do you have a travel companion ?
that is sweet . but i'm a loner .
persona
my favorite food is a cheeseburger.
i enjoy fishing.
i work on cars for a living.
i watch a lot of tv.
i live alone.
persona II
i'm in college.
i eat well.
i play football.
i am very social.
i exercise.
dialogue
he dude , i'm a football star college kid . what is up .
hey , i like to fish .
that is good i eat a lot of fish , i eat very healthy .
not me , i eat cheeseburgers , they're my favorite .
i like to talk a lot .
i live by myself , so i don't talk alot .
some people say that i'm super sociable .
i would rather watch television .
maybe you can hangout at this party we are having after i win the game .
if i'm off work , i'm a mechanic .
just don't come dirty most girls here don't like that .
if i come from work , i will be since i work on cars .
then go home and shower , you'll not have fun if everyone avoids you .
i can do that since i live by myself
persona
my dog is my best friend.
at all times , i'm wearing something black.
i am terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
persona II
i own my company.
i pay my employees minimum wage.
i make 70k a year.
i am married with one child.
i barely show up to work.
dialogue
good evening . how are you ?
i am having a great time with my best friend
right on i just got home form working at my company .
do you have a best friend ?
i do . i have a wife and kid as well .
mine is my dog
we also have a dog . a poodle .
what is their name ? how cool
we named her lady when we got her .
i love that . do you want some tea ?
sure . i love tea . earl gray is my fav .
oh , i was thinking more like chai
chai would work . i like chai as well .
will you help me out ?
persona
i'm a retired computer programmer.
i just turned 77.
i love animals.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i have one grandson and one daughter.
persona II
i got married last year.
i have my own salon.
i'm a hair stylist.
i live on a boat.
dialogue
hi what are you up to ? i'm just hanging out on my boat i live on .
top of the morning to you . living on a boat sounds fun .
it is ! are you married ? i am only 1 year into mine .
divorced and have a daughter who has one son .
sorry to hear . do you own a business ? a salon is what i own .
retired , but run a side business in computer programming which was my trade .
nice , i can not wait until i can retire . i'm also a hair stylist .
nice ! i turned 77 years old yesterday . and got a dog for my birthday .
well happy belated birthday ! i love dogs . what kind of dog ?
thanks , a shih tzu , but all animals have a place in my heart .
i think i should get a dog for my salon . what do you think ?
that is a good idea . most people love dogs .
i agree . but i am speaking from a biased position . i love them !
me too . i watch a lot of british tv and movies in my spare time . you ?
persona
i'm thinking of becoming a mother next year.
i am bipolar.
i'm a mother of three.
i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
persona II
i am training to be a welder.
i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.
i love riding roller coasters.
dialogue
hi . wanna go to a movie ?
hello , no sorry i have to get up early for work .
awe . i like action adventure ones . . . and lots of popcorn .
i prefer pita bread with hummus to snack on .
my mom made that for me . my dad left when i was 5 .
i'm sorry to hear that . i have 3 children . do you have kids ?
not yet . i'm trying to get a good job first , learning how to be a welder .
i'm hoping to have another child next year , i love kids !
i like to ride roller coasters makes me feel like a kid !
sometimes i like roller coasters , and sometimes i hate them !
i start an internship with a construction company next week . hope to go way up high .
congratulations ! good luck with that .
thanks . what kind of work do you do ?
i'm a nurse . i love to help people , especially kids !
that is a good line of work .
yes i enjoy it most days .
persona
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i am a vegan.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i love animals.
persona II
my favorite book is anne of green gables.
i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.
i won a beauty pageant one time but didn t feel like it was worth the effort.
i love owning nice office supplies.
my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.
dialogue
hello , just a bit about me . i was a pageant queen once , not even worth it .
hi . i'm about to sit down for a vegan dinner . what do former beauty queens eat ?
they eat whatever they want , now i just do a lot of reading .
yeah . i spend my extra time volunteering for an animal rights chapter
that is interesting ! i have had to protect my pot belly piggie .
wow . that is a unique pet . animals are so adorable .
my office is full of nice supplies , anne green gables books and my piggie .
sounds like you have a sweet place .
what did your family do for a living ? mine are teachers and a tax man .
well , my family is estranged . instead of family time i walk dogs for fun .
what a fun thing to do ! i like dogs but cant have one with the piggie .
yeah . that could be a disaster .
what else do you do in your spare time ?
those things take up most of my time . how about you ?
persona
i am also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.
my name is mary.
i'm a receptionist at a doctors office.
persona II
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
i'm trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
my son plays on the local football team.
i design video games for a living.
dialogue
hey , how are ya ? what is your job title ? i design some cool video games .
wow that sounds interesting i'm a fulltime student
that's great ! i've been on a design team for more than 65 popular games .
wich games have you done would i know them
devil may cry , trying to do my startup , my wife just lost her job .
that has to hurt how is the start up going
it is going well , when i can do it , my son plays football .
i like foot ball who is your sons team ,
the eagles , they are undefeated !
sounds like a very good team you must be proud
i'm very proud , do you have kids ?
no unfortunately i'm not able to for i've no husband
persona
regular life disappoints me.
i wonder about what life in space would be like.
i wish that i could be an animal.
i don t get along with my family.
persona II
i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.
my favorite music genre is classical.
i play many instruments.
i give lessons on string instruments.
i like to travel.
dialogue
want to listen to me play my guitar ?
could be fun , whats your favorite song to play ?
wonderwall . i can teach you how to play .
i do not believe i've that talent . my family doesn't believe i've any talent
they are mean . although i prefer classical music on my harp .
my family and i don't get along , i really wish i was an animal . . dog maybe
cool . you should travel to europe . get away from family .
have you been there ? i would really love to travel to space p
astronaut ? i love dogs but they pee on my vegetable garden .
what kind do you grow ? and no , just wonder what space life is like
no to europe . can i fly with you ? i can grow potatoes .
yes we could start a space garden full of potatoes !
you'll never be hungry again . fat , maybe .
true , lets do it ! i'm disappointed with regular life , need some excitement !
cool . can we bring all my string instruments too ?
for sure the guitar . . harp seems annoying , sorry
persona
i've a poodle named nanette.
i love smooth jazz.
i work on wall street.
i live in new york city.
i actually like wearing suits and ties.
persona II
the only autographs i ve ever wanted are from authors.
my mother is a librarian.
i used to wear glasses as a child.
i m applying for publishing jobs.
my favorite color is green.
dialogue
please tell me i'm not here alone . i need someone to talk
you are not alone , i'm right here , okay ?
please me it quick . how many conversation we need to make ?
i believe 7 or 8 of them , why ?
how much you make per day here ?
i am not to disclose such information , but working hard gets you places here
just type in more than 5 words and you are fine
yes , that is correct , fellow friend
do we need to talk in a topic
we can if we choose to , do you have any pets ?
i have a dog and a cat
i have one poodle and she's a girl
i think we should be done by next sentence .
maybe , what is your favorite genre of music ?
i used to love hiphop but now i listen country mostly
i mostly listen to smooth jazz and pop music
why it take so long for you to reply ? can you reply me quicker ?
it says 8 chat turns are now finished , see , now we are done
let try to chat for 16 turns
okay , if you say so , my love
you speak sound like a girl . where are you from ? please reply fast
i'm from chicago , where you from
i am from texas . how old are you ?
i am 16 years old , but i am very mature
this task is cool . we can have fun and pay
i swear , i love doing this task the most . what is your gender ?
when i was 16 . i want people think i am mature . i am male
oh , i get that you are not 16 , so how old are you ?
your age plus ten years .
oh wow , how much have you accomplished so far in life ?
i think it would be graduated from university
well , that is a great one . i am currently in college already . wish me luck
it not easy for me since english was not my frist language
i speak 3 languages , how many do you speak ?
how come 16 years old in college . you must be very smart
yes , i've all as and i really take pride in what i d
i speak 2 langues . try to learn some spanish
spanish is actually already one of my languages
what about other language beside spanish and english ?
por favor habla claramente , senor
it s over 16 turns by now . do you think we get double pay ?
not at all , it depends on how well the dialogue is
persona
math is my favorite subject.
i play ice hockey.
i live in the united states.
i am a boy.
i go to high school.
persona II
nachos are my favorite food.
i play d and d.
i believe dragons are real.
i should beverage been born a prince.
i hate talking to people.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi i'm doing okay how are you
what kinds of foods do you like
i eat anything really i love mexican food tho
i think nachos are the best
yeah they're especially after my ice hockey games
do you like dragons i think they're awesome
they're ok do you go to school ?
yeah i'm still in school what about you
i'm a sophomore in high school
that is cool ar you thinking of colleges yet
not yet i do know i was to be a math major
wow i'm not good at math
its my favorite class , it is hard at times a lot of things to remember
persona
i love most music except country and jazz.
my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.
i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
persona II
i was a mechanic for 6 years.
i collect bugs in jars.
i ran for political office in 2004.
i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
i build my own computers.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
a little tired now but feeling good in general . listening to music .
what are you listening to ? i
classical music . mozart piano music .
i listen to rap to soothe me , i needed it after the 2004 campaign
music does help us right ? what else do you do to feel beter ?
it sure does . i collect bugs and build computers .
wow ! that's cool . but live bugs ?
no , they are in specimen jars .
i see . so you put them on the shelf for display ?
yes , i do . i've over 500
that is quite a museum ! i'm impressed . you seem to be an indoor person .
no , i am an avid fisherman and hunter . i started to enlist when i was 18
oh sorry for my assumption . i apologize .
it is okay , many people have weird assumptions .
weird ? okay thank you for pointing it out .
persona
sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.
i drive a honda that s seen better days.
i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
i love watching sitcoms on television.
persona II
i'm a very funny woman.
i deliver packages for a living.
i own 3 cats.
i drive a honda car.
i love candy.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
vera died . i need a new honda . you drive ?
yes i have honda and i love it
great ! i like subway strangers when i'm lonely . you ?
i actually deliver stuffs that s my work
get out ! me too ! you listen to fall out boy ? i do .
i don t really into there music but theirs is nice
oh okay . you watch tv shows ? i like sitcoms .
oh not really i am into candies though
i read thrillers that are political . you you ever tasted bat meat ?
oh no never and i don't think i'm gonna try
candies sweets or candies clothes ? what honda do you have ?
honda civic and i really love it
oh okay . on tv they say bbq bat is to die for . you sing ?
i can t really sing how about you
yes ! stir fry bat . hmmm . i wonder . you ride the subway ?
persona
i made my first movie when i was 18.
i'm an actor.
i have been acting since i was ten years old.
i starred in television commercials when i was young.
now i am a fixture on a weekly telenovela.
persona II
i am incredibly smart.
i always travel alone.
i've no parents or siblings.
i only sleep 3 hours a day.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing today ?
hi ! i'm doing great . practicing for my audition ! and you ?
great . a little tired , though . what are you auditioning for ?
i'm auditioning for a big movie ! my first one was when i was 18 .
wow . i don't have time for movies . i have a high iq .
interesting so what do you do for a living ?
i'm a professor but travel a lot . alone .
what do you teach ? i love to travel alone but i shoot many commercials .
i teach english . do you have family ?
i love english . it is my favorite subject . i have my parents and brother .
i do not have family . parents died , and no brothers or sisters .
wow i'm so sorry . that is the worst
it is one reason i travel so much . do you travel ?
i love to travel everywhere ! where have you been ?
all over europe and most of the united states . and you ?
actually same for me ! what is your favorite european country
persona
i love to hike.
my hiking boots are pink.
i like folk music.
the appalachian trail is my favorite.
persona II
my name is kevin.
i am studying software development.
i play the guitar.
i'm a student in college.
dialogue
hi , i am kevin . how are you today ?
great . just planing my next hike on the appalachian trail
lucky you . i am just playing my guitar before classes tomorrow .
cool man what type of tunes do you groove to ?
i listen to a lot of ska when i'm studying software developement .
sounds diggity dig man . hell , i don't even have a computer
their cheap , you should pick one up .
na man then you have to have a place to keep it . i like freedom
laptop or tablet then . you can walk about and it takes up no space .
all i need is cloths on my back and pink hiking boots and my backpack course
sounds good . its good to have freedom .
ya man all that matters smokin in the wind
ll ! i enjoy your enthuasim sp keep it up !
yo dog we could have some fun . kick those pink boots right off . wink wink
persona
i still live at home.
i am in college.
i listen to death metal.
my mom is a janitor.
i like cartoons.
persona II
my favorite food is mexican food.
i am a mother.
i love to read and cook.
my favorite band is the rolling stones.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
dialogue
hey i am just getting off from a long shift at the hospital how are you
i am good thanks i am studying for exams
oh i know that's frustrating my kids have been doing the same for a few weeks
its hard being in college what do you do for a living ?
other than be an awesome mother lol i'm a nurse at the local hospital
cool my mm cleans the hospital
thank her for her hardwork . i am getting some mexican food later its my favorite
yum sound good . i am going to stay home and watch cartoons
well pick up a book sometime you will enjoy it i just finished a good one
i like to read as well but i love to listen to dear metal a lot too
oh nice , i love listening to the rolling stones
if i did not live at home i'd listen to the stones very loud
lol . i am looking for a new recipe if you have any ideas , i love cooking
how about anything with lamb ?
persona
i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i am twenty six years old this may.
my mother was a famous ballet dancer in london.
my favorite band is the punk band rancid.
i will be moving to san diego in two months.
persona II
i have blue eyes and curly brown hair.
my favorite type of music is country.
i love to travel with my family.
my dog is a collie.
i love to snack between meals.
dialogue
hi how are you today
well , i've a job in a gas station , working as a cashier
i am a cashier at a gas station too
i'll be twenty six in the month of may !
that is great still very young . what do you do in your free time
nothing ! in london my mom was a ballet dancer she was famous !
that's sweet london seems like a cool place to live . i travel sometimes
punk band rancid are awesome ! , they are my favorite
i like country music kane brown is my favorite he is awesome
i'm off to san diego in 2 months , laters skater !
wow from one awesome place to another . do you have any pets
i have a job in a gas station so no , its as a cashier .
you can still have pets they're cool and some are really cheap to keep
punk band rapid are okay , i like them !
persona
i love animals.
i have a farm with pigs , horses and hens.
i love dancing.
i am a vegan.
persona II
my favorite drink is chocolate milk.
i do not work.
i like to swim.
i hate tacos.
dialogue
mexico is an awesome country , have you been ?
i never have ! its tough for me to leave my farm and animals .
i went away on a business trip , before i quit my job ! own any cows ?
great question ! just pigs , female chickens and pigs .
you should invest in cows . so many great resources they provide .
this is true ! i am a vegan , so i don't eat what comes from my animals .
no milk ? you are missing out .
nope , no lactose ! when i am not tending to my animals , i enjoy dancing
dancing is a great workout ! i get my cardio by doing laps in my pool .
oh , so you are a swimmer ? i need to get out more .
i take it you do not go out too much ? we should do dinner some time .
i would love to , as long as we can go somewhere that serves vegan dishes !
okay vegan dishes , and no tacos . i can't stand tortillas .
really ? you need to try seasoned tortillas !
persona
i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.
i work as a legal assistant in a law firm that basically only handles real estate work.
i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job isn t very personally fulfilling.
i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.
persona II
we are getting married in a park.
my family hates my fiance.
my dog is the ring bearer.
we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.
dialogue
how are you on this fine sunday ?
i'm great ! reading some newspapers and talking about politics ! and you ?
making wedding plans . getting married soon .
oh wow ! where is the wedding going to be ?
we will be wed in a park . unfortunately , my family won't be there .
i work at a real estate law firm ! i know nice wedding places
we are going to niagra falls . are you married ?
i am not but i want to marry . i am a lesbian and i enjoy female authors .
do you have pets ? i've a dog . he is ring bearer .
i've a fish , but i do not think it can be ring bearer
probably not . do you have family ?
my brother , but not one of my own . do you ?
just my parents who will not come to my wedding . they dislike my fiance .
how come they do not like her or him ? i'm not fulfilled with my work .
he is lazy . what is wrong with your work ?
it is good pay but not fun to go to every day .
persona
i've owned two mustangs.
my favorite color is purple.
i'm not a fan of science.
i am currently looking for a job.
persona II
i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i'm a librarian.
my favorite kind of food is italian.
i live in pittsburgh.
dialogue
good afternoon how are you today
i am great , how are you ?
i'm wonderful on this sunny day
awesome do you like to drive on sunny days ?
i do especially when i volunteer at the shelter
i enjoy driving as well , especially in my purple mustang
i love the color pink but i bet purple mustang is beautiful
it is ! do you know if your shelter is hiring ?
they aren't they eat italian like me
very nice , i like italian as long as we don't discuss science
i hate science and i'm a pitty
i hate science too but love anything purple
i love anything oink at the library where i work
i don't have a job but hope to find one soon
persona
i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
i want to be a famous photographer.
i like taking pictures.
i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
i am a widow.
persona II
i don't have much energy.
i watch a lot of movies.
i love to clean.
i love fast food.
dialogue
i just spent the last 4 hours cleaning ! i am so happy ! ! !
you are amazing ! good work ?
oh yes ! i'm going to watch 4 movies this afternoon . you ?
you are perhaps repeating the number 4 for some reason ? i'm going to be famous .
doing what ? i am way to exhausted to be famous . so so tired .
maybe you need some coffee and then you will be famous !
maybe , i can get that from mcdonalds ! i eat there every night .
do you like being outside ? i hike .
no , it is too dirty ! where do you hike ?
in new zealand . someday my photographs will be in an adam levin video .
goals ! ! that just sounds like exhausting work . i'm tired thinking about it .
i think with enough coffee and booze anything is possible
so very true . i think adam levin should be in so many movies .
i actually don't know about that . i want amy adams in more movies .
she's good too . hey , do you have a drinking problem ?
a drinking coffee problem it is giving me ulcers
persona
i love rap music.
i'm a paramedic.
i'm single.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
cooking is one of my pass times.
i also like eating sushi.
i am a student in social sciences.
dialogue
hi was are you today ?
i'm good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i'm an emt worker
what is emt i am currently studying social science at georgia states
i work at the hospital
oh i see . hate visiting the hospital just like i dislike cooking
what do you do for a living ?
i am a student . at georgia states
what are you going to school for ?
i rarely cook . i often eat sushi and pizza my favorite meal
what city are you from ?
persona
i love to eat shrimp and lobster.
i vacation along lake michigan every summer.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
i've a black belt in karate.
i am in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
persona II
i wish i could be more serious about school.
i've been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.
i get distracted easily.
dialogue
hey , i wish i could just take school more seriously
wow , that's too bad . what do you do for fun ?
i like to hang out with people . been in relationships that ended badly
that stinks . i enjoy the saxophone and play jazz in a band . do you work ?
that's awesome . naw . i have a lot of friends though i converse with .
great . i like to take vacations near lake michigan and eat lobster and shrimp .
that's awesome . . . . i just wish i could just focus better and just get things done .
i understand . try coffee ! i love iced coffee . or karate to relieve stress .
that's true , coffee makes sense . i do walk 10 miles . . . yet still .
that's good exercise . i prefer karate and currently have a black belt .
that is cool . karate seems nice
it is . do you have any pets ? i do not .
i had 2 dogs , 2 birds , a toad , a fish , 2 turtles . that was it .
wow that's a lot . must keep you busy
persona
i love to cook for my family and friends.
i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.
people say i've a cute laugh.
i working in a publishing building.
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.
persona II
i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.
i currently work at target.
i am 5 7 tall.
dialogue
hi how are you today
just great and i hope you are also .
where do you work at
i work for a publisher .
nice i work in a target
i'm making a big dinner tonight for some of my friends .
what is on the menu then
lasagna and bread . for dessert there's cheesecake . i love to cook .
wow you should invite me
i love having people eat my coking .
how tall are you then
i'm five feet and six inches .
i am a whole inch taller than you
i am a girl . i am taller than many .
persona
i play the violin.
i want to be a music teacher.
my favorite color is red orange.
my grandma raised me.
persona II
i'm a happy person.
i sing many songs.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? what do you do for fun ?
hello ! i love music i'm in school to be a music teacher
that is great ! i love music . singing songs by the lumineers makes me happy .
aren't they great ? what do you do for fun ?
yes ! other than singing , i love to read , and take walks on nice sunny afternoons .
oh that sounds lovely . where do you live ?
in san diego right now . the weather is always nice . you ?
i'm living in new york . its rough , financially , but i do it for my grandma
that is sweet . my grandmother taught me to always be happy by singing when sad .
mine too ! she also taught me the violin , which i hope to teach
wonderful talent ! do you like to read , too ?
i love reading . especially on my kindle . do you have a favorite book ?
hard to choose just one . a recent favorite was city of thieves .
oh that sounds interesting . what else do you do for fun ?
i enjoy karaoke . what about you ?
i like to paint only using two colors
that's interesting . i have to go now . nice to meet you .
lovely meeting you ! good night !
persona
my favorite season is summer.
i am headed to university of michigan in the fall.
i just graduated high school.
i love tacos but hate spaghetti.
persona II
my favorite type of music is metal.
my parents live in kentucky.
i currently am engaged to my high school boyfriend.
i love working out.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
hi ! i am great ! i just graduated highschool ! how about you ?
good ! just got engaged to my high school boyfriend
congratulations ! have you graduated college ? i'm attending the university of michigan in the fall .
no but i go to school in kentucky and live with my parents
cool , do you have any favorite foods ? i like tacos but hate spaghetti , have anything interesting planned ?
i am going to go to a metal concert ! that is my favorite
cool , i like music but really am more into nature . summer is my favorite season ,
how do you like to spend your afternoons ? i am usually working out
fun , just relaxing in the summer is my fave .
kentucky in the summer is beautiful
any other interesting stuff going on in your life ?
persona
i should beverage been born a prince.
i hate talking to people.
i believe dragons are real.
i play d and d.
persona II
i'm a big sports fan.
i like to get involved in politics.
i've a brand new chevrolet.
i'm looking to start a business.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
dialogue
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i'm really good . . . . how are you today
i'm doing really well , thanks for asking . my family and i just bought a new chevrolet .
oh wow that must be really nice . . . . . . do you by any chance believe in dragons
sure ! if i could capture one , it would be great business !
me too and i assume riding one would be like driving a chevrolet
ha ! yes ! could you imagine how many friends could ride too ?
i know . . . . . do you work a job ?
yes , i'm involved in politics .
oh wow i bet you have to talk to people all the time that would be hard
yes , but i spend a lot of time with family and friends so , that helps .
oh that is nice family is important
yes , we enjoy going to sporting events together . how about yourself ?
i really like dungeons and dragons
awesome ! i wonder what kind of business ventures there are with that . . .
well it does open you up to a lot of online opportunities
persona
i enjoy electronic music.
i'm in a lot of debt.
i enjoy nature.
i fantasize about living in another country.
persona II
people say i can cook well.
i work at a bar.
i surf everyday.
i can play piano.
dialogue
hi there , how goes it ?
hi how are you doing tonight i'm fine thank you .
i am okay , i am a little tired
oh get some rest later i have a lot of fun with nature .
i get my fun in piano and surfing
that sounds like fun i have trouble paying my bills ,
yeah , i'm at a bar at the moment . its money i guess
y es times are very hard i think about moving to another country .
that isn't a terrible idea
it is a great one yes maybe i will move down south .
do you not think it would be too hot ?
very hot there i like listening to electronic music do you ?
sometimes . i prefer country though
country is so soothing and relaxing i like country music too .
persona
i am a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.
i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.
my daddy brings home flowers for me.
i sleep in a princess bed.
persona II
my favorite mortal combat character is milena.
i always wear something purple.
i work in fast food.
i am looking for krav maga classes near my home.
i walk three miles home every night.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm good ! i'm four years old !
i'm so old my favorite mortal kombat character is milena !
i don't know what that means . do you have a little girl like me ?
sadly i do not . whats your favorite color ?
pink just like my princess bed from daddy . your favorite food ?
pink is nice , i'm always wearing purple ! i love pasta ! no fast food though .
i love picnics with my mommy ! i got brown eyes how about you ?
www cute ! i have green eyes . whats your favorite activity ?
i play with my dolly outside . how bout you ?
i am looking for krav maga classes right now . do you know what that is ?
no . sounds like a monster .
its a form of martial arts ! it will make me a monster eventually , but a good monster
i am scared of monsters but good ones should be ok !
persona
i love dark clothes.
i love non gmo foods.
i love cold weather.
favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
persona II
i want to move to london when i get older.
i work for nike as an accountant.
i've 3 brothers.
i like to invest in the stock market.
i love soccer.
dialogue
hello . mind chatting with one of likes accountants ?
no , i do not mind at all .
how are you doing tonight ? my three brothers are annoying me tonight .
i am cold . its too cold here tonight .
where are you from ? i wish i was from london . want to move there .
i'm from the southern usa . normally i like cold weather , but not tonight .
sorry to hear bad weather . so you like watching sports ?
nah . i don't care for them .
too bad . i got mad love for soccer man .
i played a little bit of soccer in school , but was never really good at it
well practice always helps to get better . you ever invest in stock market ?
i've some government bonds , but no stocks .
persona
i listen to podcasts.
i like to read.
i am a diabetic.
traffic makes me mad.
i have a long drive to work.
persona II
i love reading.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i just moved from va to pa.
i grew up on a large farm.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
hi . great . how are you ?
great , thank you . are you from the country or city ?
i am from florida . i hate the traffic here .
i bet . i am from the country . growing up on a farm has perks , like no traffic !
that is nice . i love reading and listening to podcasts . you ?
reading is a love of mine too ! i also write my own patterns and do beadwork
very cool ! sounds like fun and relaxing .
indeed . where are you from ?
florida but it is too hot for me . i'm moving to tn . in spring
oh yeah . you told me that . my apologies . i'm from virginia . i now live in pennsylvania .
i love virginia . i'm diabetic but love sweets . you ?
i suffer from fibromyalgia . it is going to be a bit tougher here due to the cold .
oh i am sorry to hear that . feel better .
persona
i love to shop on weekends.
i'm planning a trip to europe.
i am a woman who wears a size 12.
i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.
i've never been on a cruise ship.
persona II
i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.
i just bought my first home.
i live in springfield , mo.
i'm a writer.
i love to barbecue.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ? hows the weather where you are at ?
i'm doing well , how are you ? the weather is nice here , and there ?
i'm in missouri . springfield to be exact , and its a little hot today !
oh my ! its finally cooling down where i'm , in time for my europe trip !
cool ! . being a writer , i could use a trip for some inspiration !
have you ever been on a cruise ship ? i've not , that would be inspiring
no . but i do hunt throughout the years with my brothers . do you hunt ?
no , being a woman in size 12 i'm trying to stick to a veggie and fruit diet
how about any barbecue ? i love it ! maybe you can try fish ?
ribs used to be my favorite
i enjoy a good plate of ribs as well . smothered in sauce !
now i love to do my shopping on the weekends , instead of all the eating
speaking of shopping , a home has been my most recent purchase . what about yours ?
dance lessons with my boyfriend , i bought them just a few minutes ago online !
how fun ! i have always wanted to try a dance class .
me too , i'm excited to try it ! before my trip
persona
my family is very important to me.
i drive a nice car.
i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
my brothers work with me.
i work all the time.
persona II
i have a lizard named nagini.
i enjoy cooking for people.
my mother lives with me.
i like to take my dog for long walks.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
hello ! i manage my family business . i love it .
i wish i did . i'd love to cook for people all the time
i'm doing well . although i work most of the time .
what do you do ? have any pets ? i have a lizard
the business is a restaurant . . . italian food . i have a cat .
whats their name ? i also have a dog .
neo . like from the matrix .
you guys go for long walks ? we do
car rides mostly . i've a pretty nice car .
i have taken a lot of dog walks recently since my mother moved in
hows that going ? i'm constantly around family also
it has its moments , that's when i escape with the dog haha
i see . i have to take moments here and there too .
persona
traffic makes me mad.
i've a long drive to work.
i listen to podcasts.
i am a diabetic.
i like to read.
persona II
i think i need botox soon.
i'ven t had to work a day in my life.
i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hi there ! doing great , i'm on the way to work but it takes forever !
i get headaches just thinking about work
me too , but i like to put on podcasts to speed up the drive !
honestly i've never been to work . what do you do ?
unfortunately unable to work too hard being a diabetic so i do a small side accounting job
sorry at least you don't have to deal with a sister in law that hates you
that is true , reading is a hobby of mine to escape reality
botox is my escape which i really am in need of right now
i need some too , god i hate this traffic
was accounting always your first career choice ?
no way i only did it for the money
i was a design fashion major , never used my degree
what do you do now ?
botox , mostly a haircut every now and then
i need a new haircut maybe you can help me
persona
i try to eat a balanced diet.
i avoid eating sugar.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i am caucasian.
i like rollerblading.
persona II
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i'm a zookeeper.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
dialogue
hello there my name is kat
hi there how is your night going ? just finished watching a hockey game here .
it is going okay so far
doing anything fun tonight ? i am gonna go enjoy the weather and rollerblade .
not really just watching my daughter
same here . school night . what do you do work work ?
i work at a zoo
oh cool ! i work as a nutritionist , so i do not eat any sugar .
i tried limiting my sugar intake but it never works for me
i know it is hard . it is in everything . but a balanced diet in important .
i know , i really need to get on one
working at the zoo you are very active i am sure . a good diet would compliment that .
probably so one day i'll make one
what is your favorite animal to take care of at the zoo ?
persona
i drive a red car.
i like to wear red shoes also.
i use red lipstick.
i like to wear red.
persona II
i live on a pig farm.
i wish that i lived in the city.
i have allergies.
i dislike animals.
i am a vegetarian.
dialogue
hey , what do you do ? i'm raise pigs for living .
that's pretty interesting i'm into fashion
oh wow that is nice . i don't like animals though . and you ?
not a big animal fan myself . do you have a car ?
no . yes . it is a must have because i live in a farm . and you ?
i've a red car . i'm actually pretty into the color red
nice . do you live in the city . i desire to live there .
i do its super fun what city do you want to live in ?
san francisco . i don't eat meats and there are many vegetarians there . you ?
i'm trying to stick to a healthy diet
do you have any allergies to food . i'm allergic to eggs .
fortunately i don't . what are your hobbies
i like to raise tomatoes and vegetables . i don't like animals . you ?
haha those are funny hobbies
persona
i love my dog.
wedding cakes are my specialty.
i like baking.
i enjoy walking around the park.
i go to the theater to watch plays.
persona II
i am a man.
i'm not healthy.
i like the movie godfather.
i weight 300 pounds.
i like candy and soda.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm good just got back from a show
are you a musician ? i have not left the house in six months .
no but i love to bake cookies
i like cookies , candy , soda and fast food too much .
i do too but then i've to go walking
i should walk more , but i sit around and watch the godfather .
that's cool sounds like fun
i'm not a healthy person , and i do not get out .
i like to bake but try to stay healthy
i do not bake , nor cook much .
how do you eat do you go out
uber delivers . that's the greatest thing ever .
yeah i work for them and love it
persona
i draw comic books.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
persona II
my favorite color is orange.
i've really long fingernails.
i own a hot pink moped.
i hate wearing make up.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hi there , are you a fan of comic books
no i like oranges the best . and the color orange
i create comic books that's why i ask
so cool , what is your favorite fruit ?
i love dr pepper , but not fruit
i dislike make up a lot
same , if you like tv watch scooby doo its great
i need to cut my over grown fingernails
did you know i work at a club
that sounds like a lot of fun
it is they play punk rock there
yeah they are everywhere around herer
cool , i also have a corner shop job
do they make you wear make up ?
no but i can if i want to
persona
i try to limit how much i eat.
i whine a lot.
i hate paying my bills.
i do not have a job and sit on the couch all day.
persona II
i'm a vegetarian.
i'm afraid of clowns.
i take the subway to work everyday.
every fall i visit my sister in canada.
dialogue
i only eat salad and greens no meat
nice ! i chill out on the couch all day , since i do not work .
i have a job in nyc saw some people doing crack on the way there
i need a job ! . tired of everyone saying i whine about paying bills .
how do you pay bills without a job ?
trust fund . it is running out though . i hate paying bills . how about you ?
bills suck ! but my job pays really well so its all good
i'm getting pretty fat so i need to cut back . maybe salads would help .
fear works too . i saw a clown crapped my pants lost 5 pounds instantly
ll ! ! ! not sure i want to try that one ! ! !
real effective not real enjoyable though
i bet . i think i will try salads and greens instead !
persona
i volunteer in my spare time.
i hope to change the world.
i work in a factory.
i love to tell jokes.
i am always early to everything.
persona II
i work as a mall cop.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i'm recently divorced.
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i am doing great now that i am off duty .
ll i just got off duty as well
whats that odds of this happening . don't tell me you work at a factory ?
i work as a security guard in the mall
cool . i bet you see a lot of strange things .
ll yes i do
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?
sure it beats being lonely
why did the boy bury his father under the stairs ?
so he can stay put
ll , wrong , but i like your answer .
ok what is the answer
because it was his step dad .
persona
i'm a humble baker.
i look forward to retiring.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
my wife always puts a smile on my face.
persona II
my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.
i have four siblings.
i'm 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.
my youngest sister is in first grade.
i'm the oldest sibling.
dialogue
hello , do you have any siblings ?
no i am the only one , do you ?
yes , four of them , but i am the oldest .
that's pretty cool , what you do for living
i'll probably go into teaching , as my father teaches middle school . you ?
nice , i'm a baker , i'm ready to retire , how old are you
well , my youngest sibling is in first grade , if that gives you an idea .
o wow , haha you are very young
yes i'm . how tall are you ?
i'm 511 haha , you
i'm 53 , so everyone in my family is taller than i'm .
wow that is cool though , are you in highschool
yes i'm . did you go to college ?
yes i did long time ago , what you want to do as career
probably teach , since teaching is in my family . what do you bake ?
bread , we are the bread family haha , teaching is awesome
persona
i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
i work 60 hours a week.
sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.
i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
i love sunsets.
persona II
i am glad that i work from home.
i spend a good deal of time on social media.
i love when my pets visit me in bed.
i'm confined to my bed.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am tired . i love getting up early to watch the sunrise . i do this everyday .
i wish i could . . . confined to my bed and work from here .
i work so much . 60 hours a week is alot .
it is . i spend most of my time on social media .
i'm sorry . how long have you been confined to bed ? i love social media .
14 years . sometimes i pretend i'm different people on social media .
awe . i usually eat breakfast then go back to bed . i should go and exercise more .
i love when my pets get into bed with me . fuzzy , knickerbocker and consuela .
ll , i've a dog myself . he loves to cuddle .
what is your dogs name ?
reeled xavier . he is a yorkie . i love him to pieces . very spoiled .
persona
i'm married and have 2 kids.
i enjoy shopping.
i used to cheerlead in high school.
i live in celebration , florida.
persona II
grandma makes jewelry.
i live with my paps and grandma.
i sing in the school chorus.
i have a brown belt in karate.
dialogue
hey there how are you
hey ! i'm doing well ! what are your passions ?
in school i like chorus , also i'm a brown belt . you ?
oh fun ! i used to be a cheerleader when i was younger !
i have too much anxiety , they would make fun of me . i am a guy
go alligators ! if you want to do something , you should go for it !
i guess so , my gram makes jewelry because she's loves it .
oh , i love shopping . maybe i should buy some of her stuff .
she has a facebook page where she sells it . i live with her and my pap
very nice . my kids spend too much time on facebook .
haha so do i , i can not help it
it happens . did you get hit by the hurricanes ?
nope just some rain here . did you ?
not as bad as texas , but we had some issues here in florida .
i suppose you did , that must have been wild
there was an alligator in my pool ! alligators are ok being mascots , but not real ones !
persona
i like victorian things.
i am a romantic.
i collect dolls.
i like antiques.
persona II
i am going to school for writing.
i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
my mother is a librarian.
i would like to be a journalist one day.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
i am good . just looking at my antiques .
what do you like to collect ?
i have a doll collection and victorian things . what about you ?
i have lots of fantasy novels and poetry books . they are my favorites !
i am a romantic . and i am pretty bored today .
i've a lot of homework to do . i am studying writing in school .
i was never good at writing papers . i am so glad i am done with school !
i'm studying so hard because i want to be a journalist .
that's very cool ! i'm a high school teacher , but not in english . . . lol
what do you teach then
i teach us history . my kids don't have to write papers .
that's nice of you . my mom is a librarian at a high school .
that's nice of her . i hope you do well in college !
thank you ! i'm studying very hard .
i'm sure your parents are proud of you !
persona
i read tons of books.
i am witty.
i love sharks.
i love to dance.
persona II
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
i work at a grocery store.
my best friend lives in a big city.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
dialogue
good evening , how are you tonight ?
hi , i am alright . so , do you have any hobbies ?
yes i do , but unfortunately i work too much to enjoy them !
ouch . too bad . i read a lot . and dance when i can . do you read at all ?
sometimes i sneak read the magazines at work at the grocery store yes haha
lo , that counts ! i lean toward books , but you gotta go with what is available .
my mother reads a lot of books for her job social working for the school system
i see . she must have stories ! now i am reading two books on sharks .
she has quite the stories . she's my best friend and lives in the big city
that is nice to be best friends with you mom . you are lucky i think .
she loves to grow plants in her garden , and we just love sitting out there
that sounds nice . does your mom dance ?
yes , that's exactly why she lives in the big city actually
i'm looking for a new partner . where does she usually dance ?
she takes classes . maybe i should get you in touch with her
cool . i dance country , swing , even polka . try to be flexible .
persona
i like getting my nails done.
i own a french bulldog.
i like drinking expensive wine.
i'm unemployed and living off a trust fund.
persona II
i moved far from home.
i am skilled in computer repair.
my family owns a farm.
i like to eat meat.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i'll be fine after i finish this expensive glass of vino
hello , how are you doing ?
i also will be better once i get my nails uv cured
an expensive glass of vino sounds wonderful . better with red meat !
yes my trust fund allows me to have wine and red meat every night .
nice , we own a farm so we have meat often . i have moved far away though
where did you move to ?
california , i repair peoples computers now .
that's a good occupation . i'd do that if i needed to work .
are you good with computers as well ?
yes . after i walk my french bulldog to the nail salon , i sit and design websites
sounds like a nice life , french bull dogs are my favorite !
do you have any hobbies or pets ?
i've one dog , he's a chihuahua terrier mix . i like concerts , computer work
do you like rock concerts ? what kind of music ?
persona
my dad is a college professor.
i am a petsitter.
my mom died when i was six.
my favorite book is the tale of genji.
i have purple hair.
persona II
i have brown hair.
my favorite color is blue.
i work at a grocery store.
i like to read.
i like cupcakes.
dialogue
hi want to get to know each other
i am sitting some cats and reading the tale of genji .
oh , do you enjoy reading ? me too .
yes what is your favorite book ?
i like twilight , how about you ?
tale of genji is my favorite and i read it over and over .
does that get boring ? i like to eat when i read . especially cupcakes
no it gets interesting . my dad help me . he teaches asian literature .
sounds like an intellectual family . i'm not sure i would fit in
actually i'm not sure if i fit in either . i died my hair purple .
that is cool . mine is brown , do you think i should dye it blue ?
if you like . freedom of choice hey .
i might go for it . did you do yours yourself ?
yes i do it myself and change colors when i want .
so it is easy to learn how ?
yes just buy the hair color and the instruction is all there .
persona
i'm a teacher.
i love chocolate.
i have a twin sister.
i drink coffee every day.
persona II
my favorite color is green.
i like rock music.
i work at mcdonalds.
i like basketball.
my name is gerald.
dialogue
hey ! how are you ? let us get to know each other ! what is your favorite color ?
hi ! i love yellow . it is a happy color ! what is yours ?
mine is green ! what kind of music do you like ? i love rock ! guitars are awesome !
i actually teach piano in my music class .
oh cool ! ! that's awesome , do you do anything else for work ?
no because i am up early , have my coffee and work until 5 .
i see , makes sense , i hate my job , mcdonalds . it pays the bills though
i understand . i used to work at a candy store . i ate more chocolate than i sold !
what is your name ? mine is gerald . my friends call me gerry .
mine is carol and i've a sister name sue . we are twins .
cool ! do you like sports ? i think basketball is probably my favorite .
i do like sports . i especially like baseball and hockey .
hockey is cool , i like the bruins , you ?
pittsburgh penguins are my favorite ! and i love the chicago cubs !
cool ! we seem like we have a bit in common
yes we do ! what do you do in your spare time ? i love to go for coffee .
persona
i'm the youngest of 8 kids.
i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.
i never stop looking for love.
i've a close circle of friends i'd do anything for.
persona II
i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
i love going to concerts.
i study philosophy at umass.
i m a vegan.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm doing good ! did you do anything fun this weekend ?
not really do you work
i am working now at my real estate office , but this weekend i am waitressing
why two of the jobs
christmas is coming up and i am the youngest of 8 , presents get expensive
give them all a pizza
lol that might work for my close friends , but my siblings expect more .
okay a 2 topping pizza then
lol do you have a big family ?
i don't but you do
that must get lonely , do you at least have some close friends ?
i do sometimes do you
well it gets hard trying to find someone special , but i just keep looking
well that isn't me sorry
yeah that is becoming increasingly obvious
persona
pink is my favorite color.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
i enjoy being alone.
my mother is dead.
persona II
i'm single.
my favorite color is grey.
i love to do yoga.
i work for a newspaper.
my passion is writing.
dialogue
well hello there , how are you today ?
i'm great and how about you ?
doing pretty well . i got up pretty early today .
whats yoru favorite color eh ?
i'm fond of the color grey , what about you ?
my favorite color is pink . you married ?
i'm not married . but it lets me focus more on my job . what about you ?
i got married to my sweetheart
well that sounds sweet . i work in newspapers , do you do anything for a living ?
i don't is your mom alive ?
she's , has yours passed away ?
she did . very sad stuff eh
it sounds like it . do you have a hobby to take your mind off it ?
not really just like being alone
persona
i love to paint pictures.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love meat.
my wife use to be a teacher.
i have a new job selling cars.
persona II
i love to listen to religious music.
i am a middle aged woman.
i love my family.
i like playing basketball.
i don t talk a lot.
dialogue
hi . how are you ? have your heard of michael smith new song
i am good . . . do not think so .
god is an awesome god . . i might have name wrong
oh . i just got finished eating some pizza .
what do you like to do ?
i like to pain pictures , you ?
no . i enjoy listening to music religious music and keeping to myself
oh . what do you do for a living ?
i enjoy and love spending time with my family . i'm early retired
oh . i sell cars for a living .
in my spare time i like to play basketball
oh , i enjoy basketball too .
i hope you have a good evening . good luck in selling cars
thank you . i really enjoy it .
i'm getting off . i don't like to talk much .
oh . well i'm sorry you feel that way .
persona
i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.
i enjoy playing video games.
i am the youngest sibling in my family.
my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
i would rather stay up late than get up early.
persona II
penn teller are my favorite magicians.
my two dogs are the best friends a girl could have.
i want to be an astronaut when i grow up.
i've a poster of neil tyson degrasse on my wall.
dialogue
neil tyson degrasse is on a poster on my wall . . . know him ?
no who is he ? i like playing video games
he sometimes is on the big bang theory tv show .
oh i've never seen that show
i love video games too . last i played was witcher 3 . you ?
mario kart eight i'm the youngest of my family
first game ever i played was half life on the computer . . .
i stay up late playing and i wake up early
my dogs love to go on early walks but i need encouragement .
its the best waking up early ,
i would love to be an astronaut . i bet they wake early .
yeah i bet , i eat fried chicken and chocolate cake today
right on . . . i ate fried chicken and cole slaw while watching penn teller .
whats that ? i love learning new things
penn teller ? they're magicians and comedians .
i remember now , they're good
persona
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i'm studying to be a special education teacher.
persona II
i'm thirty years old.
we have two pets as well.
i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i have two children.
dialogue
hi how old are you ?
hello . 37 , how about you ?
i am 30 , are you married ?
no i am not . i make friends quickly though .
that's great ! do you have kids or pets ?
no i do not . i wish i had a cat though . do you have kids or pets ?
yes , two pets and two kids .
wow ! what kind of pet ?
cat and dog , you should get that cat . they're fun .
i'd but my roommate is allergic ! it makes me sad .
get a hairless cat or a bengal , they are free of allergens .
oh i did not know that ! thanks .
so what do you do for a living ?
i am a freelance artist . what about you ?
i'm a stay at home mom , my husband works . what type of art ?
i like to do live gesture drawings .
persona
i'm insecure.
i am always hungry.
i need a corvette to complete my life.
i work too many hours in a week.
persona II
i love the color pink.
i enjoy being outside.
i love to swim.
i love pasta.
my favorite singer is britney spears.
dialogue
hey ! how are you today ?
hi , i'm ok tired as always tho
aw , sorry to hear it . why are you tired ?
overworked , lots of hours , how about you ?
i am pretty good . it was a beautiful day here today .
sorry for delay , i am always eating
ooh its ok . what are you eating ?
angel food cake , i love it
oh yum ! i just ate too . i had pasta for dinner , its my favorite !
oh , i have a constant hunger , i want some !
i would share some if i could ! what else do you like to do ?
work long hours saving up to get my corvette
nice ! what color will you get ?
i haven't decided yet . maybe steel grey
persona
i don t believe in love.
i like to drink.
i live alone.
i shop online , too much.
persona II
i own my company.
i make 70k a year.
i'm married with one child.
i barely show up to work.
i pay my employees minimum wage.
dialogue
i work in my own company and you ?
wow you sound successful . i live by myself and drink too much .
my workers gets minimum wage from us but they are happy
oh . so you are one of those businesses .
thanks , i rarely appear at work , because i stay with my family
i could never have a family . i do not think love is real .
its a small company , but i'm happy
i'm unhappy . i drink my problems away and shop online in the dark .
just do not mix love with business
i think i saw that on a famous tv show .
family means more than my company , i wish many feel the same
i feel like nobody listens to me when i talk
you did ? tell me about it .
yes . you are part of the problem .
i'm all ears , i listen to my workers all day
i sure hope you have other body parts too haha
persona
i like crocheting.
i'm a woman.
i'm married to a man.
i love cats.
i have five children.
persona II
i daydream about cafes in paris.
my family owns a grocery store.
i get my nails done every saturday.
i secretly love watching we wrestling.
dialogue
hey , what are you up to ?
oh just kicked back and relaxing
oh that is nice , i'm actually at work , my family and i own a local grocery .
awesome i have a bunch of kids and married
do you happen to watch we ? i'm a huge fan , but i really haven't told anyone
no but my children do all the time
do you do anything on the weekends ? i usually get my nails done on saturdays .
i love to sleep in and love nails
i rarely get any sleep , i am always out and about
if i do not get my sleep i am mean
you get used to it , i have really been daydreaming about visiting paris one day
paris would be an awesome place to go to
i'm always imagining just sitting in a cafe in the middle of paris !
why imagine if you can just go
persona
i have 3 cats.
i love dancing.
i am an only child.
i dye my hair blonde.
i like going to foreign countries.
persona II
i make and me by waiting tables.
i hope it to become a doctor one day.
i am a college student who is a full time working mom.
i cannot wait to start my new life.
until then i will make 215 an hour.
dialogue
hey how are you . how was your day
its been ok . do you like cats ? i have 3 of them .
i am more of a dog person honestly .
fair enough . do you love to dance ? i do .
no . i do like music . i work full time and i am a student in college .
music is cool . do you have any siblings ?
no no siblings . i'm a single mother though
i see . no siblings for me either
i make 2 .  an hour waiting tables . the money ai not great but its gotta work for now
i see , what color is your hair ? mines dyed blonde
i've brown hair . i want to be a doctor . what do you do ?
i travel . to foreign countries mostly .
oh that is awesome ! i would love to do that when i start a new life
i love traveling . its the best part of my job
persona
i am a professional gamer.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
i love to play league of legends.
i'm currently single but i'm ready to mingle.
i love dogs.
persona II
i also like kittens.
i work in the military.
i have been all over the world.
i like things that explode.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ?
i am great . just about to go for a walk , you ?
great ! i'm at work now .
i just finished some games , ready to either party or nap .
oh ok ! i have to go feed my pets soon
what kind of pets do you have ? i'm a dog person .
i have a few kittens
how sweet ! what are you doing tonight ? want to meet some people ?
i'll be packing my bags because i am traveling tomorrow . i love to travel
sounds fun . where are you going ? for work or pleasure ?
a little bit of both . mostly work but i hope to do some exploring .
how long are you going to be gone ?
i will be gone for 8 days .
that's a long time , do you have someone staying with your kittens ?
i do ! my mother will be taking care of them , .
cool . do you like to play games ?
persona
i enjoy video games.
my hair is very long.
i hate cooking.
my mom lives with me.
persona II
i hate carrots.
i wear contacts.
i'm very athletic.
i've brown hair.
i love bicycling.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
hello how are you ? good thanks .
are you in the united states or ?
what do you do for fun ? yes i'm . you ?
for exercise i have been riding my bike . you ?
i go to the gym and dance .
great , i try to be more athletic but with working it is hard .
understand , remember you only have one body more important than money .
that's so true , i am trying to eat right but i don't like carrots .
try them with humus . it is tasty .
i love humus on pita bread .
it is really good with carrots .
how is the weather there ?
do you like video games ? i love them . warm .
i love video games , great for stress .
i just have to set an alarm to get up and moving in the middle of playing !
persona
i hate the taste of cheese.
i have a daughter.
i sell paper products for a living.
i'm under 6 feet tall.
i'm a great cook.
persona II
my hobbies include photography and hiking.
i am a farmer.
i hope to travel the world one day.
my favorite music genre is rock.
dialogue
hi there , farmer from the mid west how are you ?
i am a parent and my daughter is 2 years old
oh what a fun age ! do you have any hobbies ?
my hobbies is tasting cheese .
that's an interesting one . photography and hiking here , when i am not working
my job is the sell paper products and it pays the bill .
that's what counts right . what about music ?
i do love music but don't listen to much . i am about 6 ft .
i love rock , are you a fit person ?
i love to cook italian dishes
which one is your fav . i love to try new foods .
i am pretty fit but i can do more when it comes to working out .
i would love to travel one day but right now it isn't an option , you ?
yeah it will happen , i have traveled over time .
what place was your favorite ?
i really liked visiting germany
persona
my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.
i coexist well with my husband.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
i've a friend group , but i don t like any of them.
persona II
i like to play video games.
my father used to be a mechanic.
i have been working the same job for two years.
i am a musician.
my favorite band is hop along.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i am ok how are you ?
good just relaxing playing so video games .
that's good , what part of the country do you live
i live in the midwest and you ?
i'm in ohio , i'm a stay at home mom
i'm also in ohio , i took over my fathers mechanic business .
awesome . do you have kids ?
no kids . i'm sort of a musician also .
i wish i had time for something other than my kids
i bet they are wonderful though !
they are both in sports so its a lot to handle . but they are wonderful boys .
what sports do they play ?
basketball and cross country right now but they are always doing some kind of sport
persona
i am currently single.
my favorite season is spring.
i am a graphic designer.
i love to paint.
i enjoy walks on the beach.
persona II
i've a pet dog.
i am an only child.
i'm a student.
my favorite food is pizza.
dialogue
hello there ! are you a student ?
hell , no . i'm a graphic designer . what are you studying ?
haha , i am pursuing a bachelor in computer science .
nice ! i have an art degree , my side job is painting beach scenes
i have a friend who sells western paintings . he does quite well for himself .
very nice . they do well here in the galleries . do you paint ?
not at all . my dog could paint better than me . lol
lol . have you seen the paintings by elephants ?
i've , and it blows my mind that they can get them to do that .
i watched a video of one painting . he was enjoying it .
do you have any hobbies ? seems like painting is work !
it is . i like long walks on the beach . i am a virgo and single , lol
i am single as well . lucky i've my dog to keep me company .
i love dogs . i've a lab , his name is sirius . what do you have ?
persona
my father was a driver himself.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
my motor never stops running.
persona II
i work in an animal shelter.
i speak fluent french.
my mother works at a bank.
i have never met my father.
dialogue
hello ! what do you do for work ?
followed my dads footsteps and decided to drive semi trucks . you ?
i'm employed at an animal shelter .
that's neat . are you married ?
no , since i never met my dad , i stay away from that .
that is terrible . if me and my wife had kids i would be the best dad
my mom took care of me , she still works at a bank .
that is great , she's the real mvp
she helped me become fluent in french too .
you have such a cool mom
thank you ! do you live near where irma hit ?
yes , i'm in georgia . we had part of it
persona
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
since young i ve loved fashion.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
persona II
i like going to the beach.
i like my job.
i love to ride my bike.
i have a dog named george.
i used to work for a cable company.
dialogue
hello how was your day ?
good and how about yours ?
great , do you have any hobbies ?
i shop a lot fashion is my passion ever since i was young .
do you like animals i love my dog george
i do ! i have 3 cats .
i love cats . what kind of work do you do ?
i'm in school in new york for designing fashion .
i am in between jobs right now i was working at a big cable company
that sounds interesting . are you familiar with coco chanel ?
i mostly just ride my bike and go to the beach
well coco along with alexander mcqueen are my role models
don't know who either are ?
they're fashion designers . what else do you do for fun ?
the beach and bike riding
that sounds like a lot of fun .
persona
my favorite show is thevoice.
i am blue and tall.
i work for the navy.
i like to read.
persona II
i live in a house.
i love dogs and cats.
i've a lot of friends.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
i am ten years old.
dialogue
hello . how are you ? i am good .
i am well . just watching my favorite tv show .
what is your favorite show ? i am not supposed to watch tv on school nights .
i like the voice . how old are you ?
i am ten . i like shows about dogs and cats . those are my favorite animals .
do you have any pets ?
no . my parents say i have enough friends , i do not need a pet .
well that is nice that you have a lot of friends !
i guess . it helps that our house has a really big yard and a treehouse .
wow that is awesome . do you enjoy reading ?
not much . but i'm trying to get better at it . do you like to read ?
yes i love it . especially when i get bored at sea .
at sea ? what do you do at sea ?
i'm a naval officer .
cool ! i'd love to join the navy when i grow up .
that is a good ambition to have !
persona
one of my favorite artists is drake.
i like listening to other rap music too.
a hobby of mine is the drums.
i like to go out to eat.
i also enjoy cooking.
persona II
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i have 3 science classes.
i commute by bus.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
great just finished listening to my favorite rap mixtape !
nice ! that would not be allowed where i work !
where do you work ?
in the library on campus here . only part time though . what do you do ?
i don't have a job but i love to eat and cook !
are you looking for a job ? i hope i find one after college . just started here .
no i'm content playing drums
ok ! do you have other hobbies ?
no i just eat all the time ! how about you !
healthy food ? not much , between the 3 science classes now and the part time job .
i love to eat gourmet foods , i also like science !
do you share that delicious food with anyone ? are you married ?
i am single but that is okay because i've got my favorite rap songs to keep me company
what do you like to sing about ?
my life i guess , i don't do that much so i take inspiration from friends
persona
i am a freshman in college.
i am athletic.
my favorite food is pizza.
i have never broken a bone.
persona II
i know karate.
i want to go to mars.
i am an avid artist.
i'm a scientist.
i have 3 kids.
dialogue
hey how are you today ? i just got done dropping my three girls off at school .
hi . i am a student too . but at the university here .
oh that sounds fun ! what are you studying ? i am a scientist .
i am studying bio . but i am mostly here to play soccer . its my favorite .
oh ! i practice karate as a sport . what do you do for fun ?
mostly soccer . and eat pizza ! what kind of scientist are you ?
medicine . but i draw for fun . mainly pics of mars , i want to go soon .
wow . do you think you will get to mars in your lifetime ?
i hope so ! so tell me more about you .
well , i am just a freshman so i am more focused on athletics than studies . lol .
ll i gotcha . well hows your day going so far ?
great . done with classes and have plans to go out with friends tonight . you ?
going to a friends house for her birthday , and letting our kids play together .
awesome . what kind of medicine do you do ? always looking for bio related careers .
persona
i can t get enough ginger snaps.
i drive a prius.
i like hiking up volcanoes.
i think canadian women are incredibly attractive.
sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
persona II
i've a boxer dog.
i like to exercise.
i like to listen to music.
i like baths.
my father lives in china.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
i'm great what about you
i just got back from the gym .
nice are you guy or girl ?
i'm a female . do you have any pets ?
oh okay no pets , unless my prius is one haha , you ?
i've a dog . i love dogs !
cool , i do to just don't have one
do you exercise at all ?
yes , i hike often up volcanoes
i need to go take a bath .
that sounds relaxing where are you from ?
i'm from the united states my family travels a lot .
cool cool , women from canada are very attractive for some reason
most of my family is traveling at the moment
nice , you sound young , what foods do you like
persona
i was adopted.
i have several siblings i don't know.
i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
christmas is my favorite holiday.
persona II
i draw comic books.
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
my favorite show is scobby doo.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
dialogue
hi , i like drinking dr . pepper and comics drawings and you
hi how are you doing ? i've family i want to meet someday .
where are they ? black jack is my favorite gum do you like chewing gum ?
we are all very far in distance yes i love gum i am chewing now .
do you watch scobby doo ? they are funny , my job is located in a grocery store
yes scobby doo is a funny cartoon i love to laugh .
what type of gum are you chewing now ? i work during the day do you work ?
i'm chewing trident no i'm disabled but i'm okay .
we all love to laugh right ? that's why i make comic books
my flavor i'm chewing is bubble gum its so good . yes laughing
how are you disable ? do you get benefits ?
laughing is good medicine . not at the moment i go out and hustle .
do you know what black jack gum is ?
no i don't but i would love to know and what flavor are you chewing ?
persona
i love to do yoga.
my favorite color is grey.
i am single.
my passion is writing.
persona II
i'm married.
i enjoy going to museums.
i live in new york city.
i am a writer.
dialogue
hi am jackie and married to my awesome husband james
hi , i am very single . i was hoping to meet someone tonight .
what time is your date ? i'm also a writer for new york times
no dates for me . but i love to write , it is my passion .
what do you write ? i've an apartment in the big apple
i write about yoga and my favorite color , which is grey .
w that's awesome ! i love go to museums
i think that museums are boring .
aww give it a try and look around ! d
if the museum is about grey and yoga i shall try .
well that's all a person can do is try
i'm have been trying not to be single , but you are married to james !
haha that is true . just having some fun
fun isn't allowed for singles . all i see is grey .
well you can change those grey thoughts to more colorful thoughts
no , all i like is grey , yoga , and writing .
persona
i'm from germany.
i like listening to blues music.
i speak english and spanish fluently.
my favorite artist was prince.
i'm mixed with puerto rica and chinese.
persona II
i grew up in the trailer park.
i love hot wings.
i am a truck driver in the south.
i sing in the church choir.
dialogue
hey ! whats up ? doing anything fun this weekend ?
hola ! que pasa ! i don't have plans just yet . you
bien ! nada . i plan to sing at church , of course , choir .
ooh i love music especially blues ! i wish i could sing lol
man i just ate an entire bucket of hot wings . love those wings .
i never been a big fan of wings . my fav is chicken enchiladas
red or green ? me , i love roasted hatch green chili .
green but i do like red as well
getting ready to leave for another long truck trip next week .
oh really ? are you a truck driver ?
yep . thirty years . mostly the south , wish i could hit the southwest for green chili .
maybe you can when you have a vacation
persona
i just started college.
i work part time in the campus library.
i've 3 science classes.
i commute by bus.
persona II
my father was also in the military.
i am a veteran.
i'm going to school to get my bachelors degree.
i love my girlfriend.
dialogue
how are you today ? i hope well
i am good how about yourself ?
i'm doing well . i'm studying tonight
what are you going to school for ?
i'm getting my bachelors degree in criminal justice
i started going to school recently
what are you studying ? or are you undecided ?
i'm so undecided . . . can't find what i love
what are some of your interests ?
i like science . . . so i don't know
personally i love chemistry , also marine science
i wish i could be a marine biologist
that's what my girlfriend is studying , its how we connected
www you guys met in school ?
persona
i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.
lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.
i recently moved to sweden.
persona II
i am colour blind.
i am a mother of two.
my favourite band is rush.
i m currently looking for employment.
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
dialogue
hi , florida is terrible place to live
oh , why ? i moved to sweden last month .
way too hot here all the time
what do you like to do ?
i love to hang from trees
i love hiking on glaciers .
that sounds like so much fun
it really is . i want to go again soon .
ok i'd like to come along
are you in a relationship ?
no . i can't see colors at all
why would that keep you from dating ?
sometimes the other person is pink
i have never seen a pink person .
o no ! you can't see color either !
i hae a boyfriend i love .
persona
i like to play video games.
i like to go hunting.
i do not like broccoli.
i've 2 dogs.
persona II
i want people to think i am cool.
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i try to eat healthy or i do not eat at all.
i obsess over working out and being the best.
its important for my instagram posts to look like i'm having fun.
dialogue
hi ! how are you doing ?
pretty good . just taking a break from playing some classic super nintendo
nice , i should take a break from working out . i obsess over being the best
you wanna be the very best that no one ever was . i get ya
good one . working out helped get me a scholarship for playing soccer too
yeah ! go for it . i don't work out but i do hunt
is hunting good for you ? i try to eat healthy or not at all
my 2 dogs help me . i eat everything i kill
if i hunt will people think i am cool ? i hope so
perhaps . keeps you from eating broccoli all day too
i'll try hunting and then making instagram posts so it looks like i'm having fun
that's one way to get that out there
yeah , i am pretty superficial but that's important to me . at least i got that scholarship
i am a pretty on the surface guy myself
persona
i enjoy walks on the beach.
i love to paint.
i'm a graphic designer.
i am currently single.
persona II
i drive a mercedes.
i m the middle child of 3 siblings.
i m a babysitter.
i've a sweet tooth.
dialogue
hi , do you have any cake ?
no but i wish i did . i'd like to eat some while i paint
do you paint often ? the kids i babysit paint on the regular
graphic designing is what i do . what kind of work do you do ?
just babysitting . it pays for my mercedes though
no kids here and i am single now so i've more time to paint
do you have any siblings ?
oh mercedes , i would rather take a walk on the beach alone while being single
why ? is that not lonely ?
no siblings , no significant other means no drama . i like that and painting
sounds boring and lonely to me .
after all the drama it is good for me . more time to paint
maybe you are the source of the drama .
no not me , i do not like to show out , like driving a mercedes . kidding
lol we could be like twins , if you did .
and take long walks down the beach and drive your car back
persona
my parents met at woodstock.
i've a cat named pickles.
i was a swimmer in college.
i love starbucks coffee.
persona II
i have two pitt bulls.
i helped develop facebook.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
i work as a computer programmer.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi , i am doing fine . just playing with my cat , pickles . you ?
i have two dogs that have a lot of energy
that's awesome ! do you enjoy starbucks ?
yeah i love getting coffee
so do i ! what do you do for a living ?
i work in computer programing
how nice . i'm an interior designer . what do you do on your freetime
play with my dogs and hang out
me , i swim . i swam during college . great workout .
that is a good workout i prefer running
love running as well . how long have you been in computer programming
persona
my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.
i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.
i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.
i like running in marathons.
persona II
my best friend is in a band with me.
i like to write my own songs.
i wish i could spend more time at home.
i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
i'm a musician.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
not bad just out for a run while my movie downloads . how are you ?
pretty good . writing a new song for my band .
that's cool . i could never be in a band , no one would come watch
not even your best friend ? mine is in the band , too .
i'm so nervous around people , i just lock up . . they would laugh at me !
fair enough . what do you do for fun ?
work at dads appliance store he wants me to take over . . or run .
do you want to ? or do you have another dream ?
definitely not , i hate interacting with people . i like running and watching netflix . you ?
i definitely wish i had more time for netflix ! what do you like to watch ?
mostly stuff from other countries , so interesting . what do you do ?
i like to watch comedies . they're my guilty pleasure .
i laugh at the wrong things , it makes me nervous to watch with people
i do not have much time for it . too busy with my music .
what kind of music do you play ?
persona
i'm married.
i work 2 jobs.
i'm in school.
i love the beach.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
my family owns a farm.
i've red hair.
i like to eat meat.
i moved far from home.
i am skilled in computer repair.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good . tired from working both of my jobs today . you ?
just got off my mama from the farm , they are begging me to move from the city .
you should move to the beach . i love it there
i prefer the city where i can use my skills in computer repair
could you repair my blue macbook air ? i dropped it and cracked the screen
i don't really do screen repair , i focus on software design and repair .
oh i see . the more technical stuff . i loved it though . it was blue
macs are too expensive for me , i prefer my normal laptop
what kind do you recommend ?
hp laptops are pretty sturdy and good for everyday use
good to know . i will tell my husband since i need a new one for school
what year are you in ? i moved from my family farm to the city for college .
i am in my first year of grad school . working to put myself through
i feel you there , college is very expensive . i am doing the same .
good luck to both of us !
persona
i work at a grocery store.
i like to read.
i like cupcakes.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
my husband is a corporate attorney.
i love to have my nails done.
i have one little boy named owen.
i'm allergic to cats.
dialogue
hi ! i am joan . how r you today ?
hello , i am sue . i am doing great today . how are you ?
excellent . accept i messed up my nails i just had done . argh !
no kidding ? i burned a batch of cupcakes earlier . must be one of those days !
ugh ! so sorry about that . i burn stuff all the time . what kind were they ?
vanilla with blue icing and pink sprinkles .
yum ! my son owen loves vanilla .
how old is owen ? that's a great name .
thanks ! he's a precocious 4 year old . do you have kids ?
i do not . i've 3 nieces and a nephew though .
hey , sometimes those are like kids . same with pets
very true ! i've 2 dogs and a mean cat .
i love cat but unfortunately i am allergic .
i have read that a lot of people are allergic . it must be a common allergy .
yes . my corporate attorney husband is also allergic . but we have a turtle
my best friends son has a turtle . he's pretty large now .
persona
i try to watch what i eat.
pizza is my favorite.
i am east asian.
i enjoy eating italian food.
persona II
i m bloated.
i like sprite soda.
i m funny.
i can draw.
i have sausage fingers.
dialogue
do you want to share some sprite with me
it would go great with the pizza i'm eating
will you share with me ?
sure i'll what is your favorite food
sausage . to mach my fingers .
i like to watch what i eat but it isn't working
lol . can i draw you maybe ?
i'm asian can you draw really well ?
i can , but that sprite caused me to boat
i am trying to learn how to cook italian
you could cook for me . i'd like that ,
i want to also make dessert .
what kind ? i love brownies
cheesecake , cream pies , peach cobbler
apple pie ? cookies ? what about macaroons ?
i do not think i can turn any of that down
persona
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
persona II
i'm single.
i enjoy reading.
i love dogs.
my favorite flower is a lily.
i work at a doctor s office.
dialogue
hey there how are you tonight ?
hi , i am doing well , how about you
are you single or taken ?
single , people around here are very childish
me too . why is that ?
too involved with drama , and i don't have time for that
i am a receptionist for a doctor so i also hate drama
i teach sixth graders , so i deal with enough hormonal teenage drama
dang , i bet . do you like flowers ?
who does not ? i prefer roses
they are great lilies are my favorite
lilies are technically known as death flowers , another favorite
even though i am colorblind i love them
whats it like being colorblind
not so bad , just don't ask me to cook a steak all the way through
oh i bet that is a little hard , are you allergic to anything ?
persona
i wish i could live forever.
i like free diving.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i only date people taller than me.
i really like technology.
persona II
i drive a red car.
i like to wear red.
i use red lipstick.
i wear a red purse.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi . good . just got home from hanging out a best buy . i love it .
i am a gamer ! i have a ps4 controller in lipstick red .
that sounds like fun . what is your favorite game ?
call of duty , do you have one ?
nope . might get one sometime . do have pets ? i have a dog and cat .
i have a dog , he wears red rain boots to match my purse .
hah . my cat is bigger than my dog .
wow . that must be one small dog .
no . just a huge cat . good thing my dog likes tall people . i only date them .
i only date those who drive red cars , like mine .
too funny . you must love red . do you have other hobbies ?
i do photography and surf .
i'm more of a free diving gal .
the beach is my first love .
toes in the sand is sure a wonderful way to spend the day .
persona
i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.
i've 2 dogs as pets.
my mother is allergic to dogs.
i love dogs.
persona II
i like to donate time and money to charity.
i have two pitt bulls.
i helped develop facebook.
i work as a computer programmer.
i make over 200 , 000 per year.
dialogue
what are you doing this beautiful day ?
getting ready to go visit mom and dad ,
oh that sounds very nice . i wish i had family .
sometimes pets substitute for family .
my two pitbulls are my life , actually
my two dogs go most everywhere except when i visit mom and dad .
that's so sweet . what do you do for work ?
right now waiting for a job
i understand that . i program computers for a living
good , maybe you can help me sometime .
i would love to . you should look into getting into it . pays well
what school should i look into ? oops , dogs needed out
any tech school is the place to go . i get 200k a year so its worth it
yes , it sounds like it . then i could afford a pet sitter for my dogs .
definitely . what do you do in your spare time ?
read a lot so would have time to study .
persona
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
my favorite drink is pepsi.
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
persona II
i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.
i have a dog and we go for walks.
i help my neighbor.
i'm a grandmother.
i live in a city.
dialogue
do you want fresh vegetable or fruits
neither , i prefer potato chips
in that market have lot of fresh potato
do you have pepsi in the market ?
no , that's framers market for fruits and vegetable
ah i don't like farmers market . everything is too expensive
yes , it little bit expensive but too healthy
i am a librarian so i do not have a good salary . i have to be cheap
okay , do you have dogs
no , but i love birds
okay , where are you live ?
i live in a small city in montana
it is a nice city to live people
yes , it is so small that everyone know each other . it is quite lovely
persona
my favorite city is new york.
i'm a lawyer.
i love to run.
my wife just left me.
persona II
i love history.
my mother was an rn.
i'm a technician.
my father was a dry wall finisher.
dialogue
hello again . what are you doing this evening ?
not much just making toys
that sounds fun . toys have a rich and interesting history .
yes they do , its almost crunch time in my industry
yes , that holiday again . good times .
the best time of the year for me
my work is not seasonal at all , nor was my parents .
i like the kids smiles when they see what i do for them
my mother was a pediatric nurse and made kids smile . it is the best .
what do you do for a living
i fix mainframe computers , technical stuff . and you ?
i help make the toys for christmas day with the elves
that's good work , good money . my family was so poor .
oh i do not make money doing it
my father made almost no money taping and sanding walls . it is hard .
yes it is hope he gave you what you needed in life
persona
i live in a studio apartment.
i'm a paramedic.
i have three sisters.
i am studying to become a nurse.
persona II
i like to create websites.
i try to find easy ways to make money.
i love new technology.
i wish i could play the stock market well.
i really enjoy reading the news.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
hello ! i'm doing well , yourself ?
i'm doing great ! just got done designing a website for this company that hired me .
yes ! congratulations ! my three sisters are web designers also
that is awesome ! once you know how to do it its easy money .
i agree , currently studying to become a nurse
that's cool . i love all the new tech coming into the medical field .
it is great . i am using it now as a paramedic
that's super cool . i read about new tech all the time in the news .
me too , it is an exciting time
indeed . my friends use crazy tech to trade stocks , but i'm not good at that .
that's awesome , do you have any hobbies ?
persona
i am leaving for college in three months.
i'm vegan.
my father is a mechanic.
my favorite band is muse.
i work at walmart as a stocker.
persona II
i play football.
my favorite movie is star wars.
i work at mcdonald s.
i like to play video games.
i have a pet iguana.
dialogue
hello how is your day going ?
it is going well . just got in from work stocking shelves at walmart
nice i just got off my shift at mcdonalds .
cool , you like muse ? they're my favorite band
actually never heard of them . i am more into movies . star wars is my favorite .
my father loves star wars . when he's not working as a mechanic , he watches those
awesome so what do you do for fun ? my spare time is spent on football practice
well i like being vegan , and i am mainly working saving for college in 3 months
any plans for a major ? i am thinking game design since i am a hardcore gamer
i am always changing my mind , but that sounds fun !
i just hope that they will let me have my iguana in the dorms .
i hope so for you too !
maybe some day i will create a game about iguanas , combine my two loves
you should ! put your own stamp on a game
so what is it like being a vegan ? is it hard ?
it has its days , but i think it is so worth it !
persona
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
both of my parents are in the military.
i'm afraid of spiders.
i am a pilot.
persona II
i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.
i like to try different beers from various countries.
i work in marketing for a large company.
my favorite music genre is classic rock.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am great . just got off a long flight .
where did you come from ?
salt lake city where my girlfriend lives and i'm based as a pilot .
cool . that is one of my favorite places to visit .
oh no . i just saw a spider . they terrify me .
we did a commercial up there last winter . just beautiful .
a commercial ? are you a director ?
i'm a marketing director . i get to travel alot .
i travel a lot as well with my job . makes me miss my two beagles .
trying beer all over the world . one of my favorite things .
do you take your family with ?
i am divorced . my oldest goes with me sometimes .
my parents are stationed in germany , they're in the military .
persona
i'm currently looking for a job in baltimore.
i take pride in getting straight as.
my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
i'm addicted to the hit show empire.
persona II
i own my company.
i barely show up to work.
i make ask a year.
i am married with one child.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hey there , i'm doing well . how are you ?
pretty good . where do you work
right now i work in a dr office . i am a receptionist .
cool i own a company come work for me
where is it ? ? i am still in school right now . . finishing up my business degree
i do not even have to show up to work
well i'd definitely show up . i'm a little ocd and like things to be perfect
i am the boss so i do what i want
that is awesome ! i would love to be my own boss someday
yeah are you married boss ?
not yet , but someday i will be . just have to find the right person first
yeah just get stuff sorted out first
that's my plan . finish school , find a better job , and maybe move too .
you seem to have a good head on your shoulders
thanks ! i try to think logically . are you married ?
persona
i drive a black car.
i've a black purse.
i like rock music.
my favorite artist is guns and roses.
i like to wear black.
persona II
i m a student.
i m from california.
i like to shop at goodwill.
i think recycling is important.
i like to be outdoors.
dialogue
hey how are you today
pretty great . just listening to some hard rock . what about you ?
i'm studying for a test i have monday .
oh are you in school ?
yeah i'm a psychology major at a college in colorado
that is a great subject to get into to . what do you do for fun ?
i go to the goodwill and buy random things and i hike
i should go there and buy a bunch of black items . i love that color
sometimes i see black clothes there . they always have new stuff there
i need to get a new black purse . i have had mine for ages
you should see if they have any . what do you like to do
i drive around in my black car and listen to guns roses
i love guns and roses they have some pretty good songs
they're my favorite . so metal
yeah they are . i use to go to their concerts in california growing up
i am a bit envious . i never got to see them live
persona
i'm a mom with two sons and a husband.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
since my dog died i'm incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
persona II
my cats like to be read to.
i've two cats.
i am a librarian in my current job.
i like to read books.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today ?
my dog recently died , i feel so incomplete
i will bet sorry about your dog i have cats
i'm a mother so i had to comfort my husband and 2 son
i work at a library librarian i enjoy reading
i'm an artist , i just do whatever i can think of and just create
my two cats always want me to read to them
do you live in a big house for the cats ? i've a house and a yard
me too lots of grass to mow
i was always taught by my parents to stay inspired for anything even grass haha
good advice parents are the best
i loved my parents but they passed away
sorry my dad is dead but my mom is still kicking
i am sorry about your dead dad , have fun with your mom
she is a hoot always keeps things interesting
my mom was the same way , i try to be the same to my kids
persona
my favorite food is mashed potatoes.
i like soccer.
my brother used to be in the navy.
i love game of thrones.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i have a harsh inner critic.
i don't like feeling controlled.
i do not like my reputation.
i wish i could take back a mistake.
i want to move.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
ok but i need my veggie burger .
well where did it go to ?
i think is hiding under my mashed potatoes .
that sounds yummy or messy ink which
i have to record game of thrones so i can go play soccer with my navy brother
but game of thrones season is over silly
oh well i have been busy reliving my brothers navy days .
true he is a seaman heh
yes and he liked being vegan first . it rubbed off .
i'm very critical of people . but vegans are good .
well don't be critical of my mashed potatoes . i love them . lol
don't control me ! i do what i want
oh i'm sorry . i need my veggie burger .
persona
i daydream during work.
i have bad luck with relationships.
i have trouble getting motivated.
i slack off on my homework.
persona II
i hate winter and the cold.
my parents are lawyers.
i once swam with manta rays.
my favorite show is csi.
dialogue
winter is the most hate coz cold
i don't actually mind the winter but i do really like spring
oh , yeah . . i would love to see csi
i do not care for crime shows . i like scifi
do you know manta rays ? do you
i don't . enlighten me ?
oh , i thought all know this person , i swam before together
are you in any relationships i tend to have bad luck with them
i'm alright with it , coz my parents can protect me , they are both lawyers
that's interesting . i try to go out more to meet new people .
that a good way t make new connections
i am really hoping so .
yes it is , what else do you for fun ?
nothing too exciting . i like to go on walks .
wow , at keast you do those stuffs around
so what about you what do you do for fun ?
persona
i ve studied ballet all my life.
i am a white dancer.
my mother is a ballerina.
i've the support of my whole family.
persona II
when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
i love 80 s music.
i am fascinated with ghosts.
i m a wedding planner.
my favorite color is yellow.
dialogue
hello . how are you this evening ?
i'm swell , how are you ?
glad to hear . long day at the office . what do you do for work ?
i am a professional ballet dancer
that's awesome ! i plan weddings for people .
i bet those weddings are beautiful
i love yellow . i try to add it if clients want it .
yellow is pretty , i love white
the color we see on the way out . do you like music ?
yes i love all genres . what do you like
i really enjoy music from the 80s .
i was born in the eighties
as was i . i have an odd fascination with ghost .
do you see g h o s t s
i think that i do . i've strange vibes in places where tragedy has occured .
maybe you could be a ghost hunter
persona
i ride a unicycle.
i own 4 cats.
i am a college student.
i work at the grocery store.
persona II
i talk in my sleep.
i watch a movie sundays evenings.
i love folk metal.
i own a cat.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight
i am great ! just hanging with my kitties . and you ?
i'm good because i'm talking while awake for once
what do you mean ?
i talk when i'm sleeping sometimes ok a l
oh wow now i see what you mean . do you have any animals ?
yes a cat and i love him
that's awesome ! i love animals . do you have a bike ?
no i like to watch movies on sundays though
i enjoy movies , too . i am in school are you ?
no i'm not right now but will be soon
nice ! what will you study ? i work for tops
i'll study everything in it
that is a great field to be in . i hope you do well
thank you i hope i do too
good luck to you . there's a huge demand
persona
i'm in a lot of debt.
i enjoy nature.
i am failing some of my classes.
i fantasize about living in another country.
persona II
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my grandma is from denmark.
my dogs name is toto.
my favorite band used to be toto.
dialogue
hello there , how are you today ?
pretty stressed trying to pay these debts off from college . stupid increase . . .
its so annoying . did you know college is free in denmark ? my grandma is from there
well hell , i wish it was free in the states , failing some classes . . .
that is so sad . come over here and i will make you some of my famous meatloaf
tooth ! ! sounds good ! i'd love that . i have been enjoying nature . keeps me sane
it certainly does . i love my daily walks with toto in the countryside
toto your dog ? yeah i use to live in kansas .
ll ! toto is my dog and also it used to be my favourite band
oh . . . i never heard of the band toto . sorry .
gosh , it must have been before your time .
oh ok . so makes me really young then p i sometimes think about traveling other countries
i think you should see the world before you settle down . australia is great
yeah , i hope to travel . i need to focus on these debts and my classes first
persona
i've blue and orange hair.
i am a weirdo.
i ride a skateboard.
i've often been called a slacker.
persona II
i play piano.
i graduated high school in 1986.
i've a ten year old son.
i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.
dialogue
hi how are you today
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo i totally chilling my dude shred or die !
very cool do you work
what . why would i do that ? i live life bruh
i guess . do you play music ?
nope . i love weird music though . what you rip the tunes ?
i want to become a music teacher
fake it til you become it dawg , shred tha pools
yeah do you have any children ?
haha , i'm too much of a slacker to take care of kids . hell no . contraception is key
yeah pull out like those gnarly barrel waves
exactly , amiga . gettin pitted . so you ever had blue and orange hair ?
no but do you have it
maybe , tell me about your life , i think i'm in looooooove
well how old are you
age is all in the mind , i can tell you i am an adult !
persona
i own a dog who is my best friend.
i have never had alcohol.
i am very shy.
i'm content with my life.
persona II
i have a black belt in karate.
my favorite drink is iced coffee.
i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i love to eat shrimp and lobster.
dialogue
names zander and i just got my black belt from karate
i'm too shy to go to classes like karate or book clubs .
you should try it . i love to drink ice coffee
me , too . but i am a lifelong teetotaler .
what is that ? i am also a saxophone in a jazz band
it is a person who drinks no alcohol . i am content very .
oh , ok , i am a shrimp and lobster type of person .
good stuff . my dog gets shrimp on new years . any pets ?
no pets but i am ok with that
when you are not blowing sax , what do you do ?
i'm just working towards to better myself along the way .
that's admirable . a few say my shyness is detrimental , but i'm content .
what is the cause of your shyness ?
i just is . i've no problem with it . are you a licensed therapist ?
no i am not ,
i meant , it just is . i have never seen live jazz , but i am okay .
persona
i drive a yellow convertible in the rain.
i work as a lifeguard at a beach.
i m a breath of fresh air.
i listen to katie perry while in the shower.
persona II
i learned piano at age 6.
i am trying to play in a local band.
i'm a fan of system of a down.
i am a vegan.
dialogue
hi i'm playing my piano . what kind of music do you like ?
i like hip hop my favorite is katie perry specially in the shower lol
i learned to play when i was 6 . now i am trying to get in a local band .
cars has been my thing so i got me a yellow convertible
i like system of a down . katie isn't hip hop . nobody likes her short hair .
well what would you consider her music ? and you are right
of all the colors you can get , why yellow ?
my grandfather had one when i was younger and i loved his
katie is just another karaoke style pop singer . i think she's vegan like me .
so what do you do i work at a beach as a lifeguard
i try to play piano for a living but its very hard to make money playing music .
really well you can always do like me and vet fresh air to decide your next step
i started playing when i was 6 . i should have learned something else instead .
well maybe you can change something maybe where you are looking
all over town and online . its hard finding a regular job or a job in music .
maybe try get out of your zone maybe a commercial
persona
i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.
i noticed i m very talented for this sport.
recently i started taking archery classes and love it.
i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
persona II
my favorite band is nightwish.
i love comics.
i've a cat as a pet.
i work from home.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? 3
i'm fine , but a bit tired at the moment . how are you ?
aw ! rough night ? i'm fine , hanging with the cat !
nice ! i work all week in an office downtown . but tomorrow after work my life begins !
my house is my office , but downtown is cool ! do you have weekend plans ?
yes ! it is archery all weekend . a friend took my to class i was good !
wow ! my favorite comic is about a female archer . an arch ette ! do you compete ?
i want to improve so i can possibly compete , but i am not there yet . and you ?
i believe in you ! i don't do sports , haha . my hobby is my cat !
what is the name of your cat ? when i was younger i had one
my cat is thea , she is a tuxedo cat ! what was your cats name ?
poochie ! it was rescued from a plastic garbage bag along a road .
wow ! was it friendly ?
very tiny , weak . my daughter babied her . i've not seen a tuxedo cat .
persona
i love to read.
i am married.
my husband is a cop.
my favorite place is the beach.
teaching is my passion.
persona II
i went to an all girls christian high school.
my mother was a sunday school teacher.
i'm currently in nursing school.
i am an only child.
i dance ballet.
dialogue
are you of the religious sort ?
no i'm not but my husband the cop is
i went to an all girls school , a christian high school .
oh , i'm a teacher , that is my passion and reading i love it
my mom was a teacher or sorts , sunday school .
oh , that reminds me of my favorite place , the beach
how does that remind you of the beach ?
ism married , he met me at the beach , got married in a church
oh i see . do you have kids ?
17 kids , yes , 17 crumbsnachers
noah , i cant imagine as an only child .
only child huh , i bet you picked your nose and had imaginary friends
mmm no , nothing of the sort .
sorry about that , my blood sugar is low , i get grumpy , and jealous
persona
i love to play soccer.
my favorite movies are disney movies.
i work as a waitress.
i'm an insatiable reader.
i live with my parents.
persona II
i'm a truck driver.
i spend my weekends camping.
my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.
my wife and two kids camp with me.
i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
dialogue
good morning , i'm pete the truck driver here .
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?
i camp on the weekends with my wife and two kids , what about you ?
camping sounds interesting . i like to kick a ball around and watch cinderella .
neat ! i also enjoy playing baseball in the local rec league .
i have never played baseball . soccer is more my style .
my kids play soccer . since i deliver baked goods , i miss some games though .
can you recommend any good books about baseball ? i am addicted to reading .
the natural is a good one or babe which is about babe ruth .
thanks . i will have to add to my insatiable hunger of knowledge .
yeah i hope you enjoy them !
have you traveled anywhere lately ?
no , just some state parks for camping . what about you ?
just wherever my disney movies or books take me . i'm trying to save money .
persona
i stay active.
i am retired.
i've eight grandchildren.
i have good health.
persona II
i love animals and like working with them.
i am a history buff.
i am in a local theater company.
i am engaged to be married.
dialogue
hello my name sue , what is yours ?
hello ! my name is ellen !
nice to meet you . are you married ? i am engaged to be married
i am ! been married to my husband for 45 years !
congratulations . i am an animal lover , how about you ?
same ! i have 8 grandkids , so its hard to get out with the dogs !
i can imagine . i love working with animals . i am also the local theater company .
oh that sounds fun ! i used to do theater when i was a teenager !
wow . i am pretty sharp on my history , how about you ?
i am retired , so i might not be as sharp as i used to be
i see , now is the time to enjoy life ,
i am pretty active and in good health , but it was better when i was younger
i have to agree . more energy when younger .
completely ! but my grandkids and husband keep me on my toes
persona
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my boyfriend is in the army.
my favorite color is yellow.
my father is dead.
persona II
i am a cartographer.
i used to be a nurse.
i like to arm wrestle.
i like to make bagels.
i like to paint outdoors.
dialogue
what kind of bagels do you like to make ?
i don't cook , i'm a pianist .
well ok then . who are some of your favorite pianists ?
i love billy joel and elton john .
nice i love those artists as well .
my father bought me a yellow piano before he passed .
sorry to hear . what are your other interests ?
thank you , my boyfriend could not come home for the funeral , he's army .
do you have any other interests ? i want to know more about you !
i know nothing about you , what is your favorite color ?
light blue . what is yours ?
yellow ! i wear yellow daisies in my short hair .
wow , that is very cool . i've to go now though . nice meeting you !
bye ! talk to you later .
goodbye . it was nice speaking with you .
you as well , have a great night .
persona
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i love watching grey s anatomy.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
i am in high school apart of the school band.
persona II
i am married to a man.
i love cats.
i am a woman.
i have five children.
dialogue
hey there . how are you today ?
hello how are you i am great
i'm good . hanging out with my cats .
i love my mom the best
oh , my mom helps out a lot with my 5 kids .
wow five kids you stay busy
i do ! my husband helps out a lot too .
that's great . i love my husband
how long have you guys been married ?
24 years and still counting
oh wow . we are only on year ten .
ten is a great number
we went to the bahamas to celebrate earlier this year .
oh wow i bet that was nice
we really enjoyed it . traveled anywhere lately ?
no i'm in a band so i stay busy
persona
i am a graduate student.
i'm in between classes.
although i'm studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
i volunteer with dogs.
persona II
i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.
i'm on a keto diet.
i work in a circus as a juggler.
my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.
i like going to the moves.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
hi ! i'm doing alright , how about you ?
i'm doing well , thanks .
i'm in between classes right now , taking a break from studying . grad school is hard
what are you studying ?
i'm studying to be a doctor ! but animals also like me
wow , that's difficult i am sure . i never even went to college .
it is . what do you do ?
you wouldn't believe me if i told you . it is a unique career .
you can try telling me anyway
have you ever heard of the shrine circus ? we perform for disabled children .
no i've not . but props to you ! i just volunteer at the dog shelter when i can
i've two fabulous dogs ! you cannot underestimate the importance of volunteering .
i agree ! would love to meet your dogs one day
persona
my name is albert.
my next job will be in the federal court.
i used to be a lawyer.
i m a judge in the circuit court.
i give everybody that comes in front me a fair chance.
persona II
i'm a vegan.
i like to paint.
i hate the taste of fish.
i traveled around the world in a boat.
i have 23 cats at home.
dialogue
hi friend . let us talk .
how are you doing tonight ?
great . just working on my art and feeding my pets . what about you ?
well i'm albert thanks for asking and art is fun
i love canada , i am a great painter , my feline friends help me out too .
just a nice guy really just i been told
good for you . i hope you do not ea seafood . it isn't good .
talk faster and sometimes i can't sleep phone rings all the time
my cats always call me , i've too many .
well people always sue everyone i'm the one to call
you sound like a hit man . cool . i've been everywhere in the world .
i work for the law run this town
nice . what town is it ?
i will be the judge of that sir
of what ? what do you like to eat ?
pizza wings and cheese bread
persona
i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.
i am a vegan.
i love animals.
i've an 18 year old son.
persona II
i never eat veggies.
i'm tall.
i love to run fast.
i'm strong.
i am young.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i spend too much of my time
too much of your time doing what ?
i really have no idea
oh you are so confused . maybe you could do some sports to clear your head .
i sign tons of petitions
what kind of petitions ? that surely is time consuming .
ii really don't know at all
then you can stop signing .
i ust can't seem to stop
try see a psychiatrist about that ?
that is a super good idea
yes it is . you might figure out where your time goes .
wow , i would love that
good luck i hope you sort things out soon .
thanks so much for your help
persona
i'm a military veteran.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i've been married for 20 years.
persona II
i love animals.
i m going back to school.
i love country.
i m a vegan.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
hey how are you doing today sir ?
i'm fine just preparing my vegan dinner . you ?
just reading a national geographic . i love animals . volunteer at a local shelter
same ! i should volunteer . i just don't have any time with returning to school .
cool . i love to travel . do you ?
sometimes . i really enjoy country music . so i travel to a lot of concerts .
who is your favorite country singer ?
garth brooks . do you like country music ?
i do . i love it in a weird brainwashed kind of way
haha . what do you do for work ?
i am a veteran . i collect a pension . what about you ?
right now unemployed so i am going to school to study nursing .
oh i am sure you'll be an excellent nurse . do you have a family ?
no not yet . still waiting to meet the right someone .
i have been married for two decades but feel the same way .
persona
i'm a barista.
i can speak arabic , english , and french.
my family is from algeria.
i play jazz piano in a band.
i like to go hiking on the weekends.
persona II
i have an older brother.
i live in the city.
i work in a bookstore.
i love my girlfriend.
i dyed my hair pink.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm pretty good , got back from a nice hike . how are you ?
being that i am in the city i cannot hike much
what do you do for fun in the city
i'm employed at bookstore and mostly spend time with my girlfriend
oh okay . i don't read books often , normally books in french are my go to .
cool i got a tip to dye my hair from a french book . do you have siblings
i do , but they're in algeria , so i do not see them often unfortunately .
i also don't see my older brother much
yeah , its sad sometimes . i am in a band , so that helps me not to be lonely .
what type of music do you play ?
i play jazz piano . its really fun and energizing . do you play anything ?
no but i enjoy listening
you could always learn . my parents are real big on learning as much as you can
so true . maybe i will pick up a book on drums at the bookstore
definitely . books are great references for practically everything and anything .
persona
i've a brother but we do not talk much yet.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i am pretty poor financially.
i have a few pet iguanas.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
persona II
i have two cats , milo and fio.
my brother works at best buy.
i love video games.
i am canadian.
dialogue
here , kitty , kitty , kitty . . . do you like cats ?
cats are nice but i prefer iguanas , they make nice pets .
ooh , my cats would looooove to play with your iguana !
not sure i would like that ! what do you do for work ?
i'm a dedicated video game player living off mom and dad .
i need to find a job , i'm broke right now .
you should check out best buy . my brother works there . gets great discounts .
i'll , thanks . i have a brother too , but have not talked to him in forever .
i'll talk to my brother , but only to ask for his discount on video games . ll
that's funny . do you have other animals besides cats ?
nope , just my two cuties milo and fio . whats your iguanas name ?
i have two iguanas , fizzy and wrinkles . but i'm fascinated by dogs .
not a dog person . dogs eat cats .
true , but they're smart . i think they could read if they were taught .
my phone is wringing . . . gotta go . . . thanks for the chat !
have a great night , take care .
persona
i'm a school psychologist.
i'm learning how to play the piano.
i'm the youngest sibling of four.
i geocache in my spare time.
persona II
welding is my career field.
i'm primarily a meat eater.
i like playing video games.
i am a guitar player.
my parents do not know i am gay.
dialogue
what is your favorite fruit ?
my favorite fruit is apple because when i was little my 3 older siblings loved apples .
i'm a carnivore , are you ?
no i'm a vegetarian . what are your hobbies ? i play the piano and geocache .
sure , what is your favorite color ?
pink because studies show it calms the mind . i need calm as a school psychologist .
don't know how to tell the parents i'm gay
i find that the best approach is sitting down and telling them calmly .
what is your favorite fruit ?
apple is my favorite fruit . one time my older brother threw an apple and broke a window .
i like breaking things in video games
i like building things more than breaking . have you ever played minecraft ?
not really a fan of that game rather play guitar
it is not much fun without mods and a few good friends .
persona
my car is black.
i am a recruiter.
i lease my car.
my favorite meal is brunch.
i do not own any pets.
persona II
i like to read a lot of books.
i m not much of a fan of hot weather.
i would travel the world if i could.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
dialogue
well hello there ! how are you doing ?
just fine , thanks you for asking .
what kinds of things are you interested in ?
well going fishing is one and church
it is so hot today , i really don't like it . where do you live ?
i live in south carolina it hot here also .
i've been there . i wish i could travel all over the whole world .
that will be nice , where do you live .
i've retired in hawaii ! i just live life , and read like one book every week .
that sound like a good live to live .
i have been blessed for sure . what kind of music do you like ?
i love gospel songs and county
i do not like country , but enjoy pretty much any other kind of music .
ok , what about cars what is your favorite
persona
i'll study computer science.
i like playing games online.
i m a vegetarian.
i just graduated from high school.
i m on my way to uc santa cruz where i was accepted.
persona II
i love to listen to music.
i'm a happy person.
i love to go to the lake.
i love to knit and crochet.
dialogue
hey there hows it going
hey ! i'm good , just playing some games online
that's pretty cool , i'm just listening to some music
cool , what you listening to ? you in school ?
taking a few semesters off college , and just some older school hiphop
i only just graduated high school , but i got accepted to start at uc santa cruz soon
i graduated last year . oh wow , congratulations though
thank you . going to be studying computer science ! hope i can find some good vegetarian friends
i wanted to do computer science , but i switched to forensics .
oh , i see . you meet many vegetarians ?
my aunt is one , as well as my godmother
its always nice to meet fellow vegetarians . it makes me feel understood
well , i can see your views , and you will change the world one step at a time
thank you ! so tell me more about you
well , my mom and i have an online crochet shop , we try and market
sounds so interesting ! what else do you enjoy ?
persona
i have a pet snake.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
before i die , i want to skydive.
i'm a famous video game character online.
persona II
i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.
i m currently looking for employment.
i'm colour blind.
i'm a mother of two.
dialogue
hello , how are you feeling
very good with this great weather . how are you ?
i am great , thanks for asking
its really nice to meet you
same here , i'm a mother of five how about you
none for me , just my pet snake
ok that fine too , i am afraid of snakes
i love them . that's why i dream of moving to the desert .
for me i love going fishing
cool , fishing is fun i've always wanted to skydive
that sound good to me
what do you do for work ? i start my internship in engineering in a few months
well i just do care giver work
that sounds fun , i'm jinx by the way
do you speak more then one languages ,
no , only the one . you ?
persona
i work at the local bank.
my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.
i ve been divorced for 2 years.
i love collecting teapots.
i m a cat person.
persona II
i chew my nails.
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i'm great ! i have been taking care of my grandma . how are you ?
i'm good . i teach kids .
that's so great ! i work at the bank down the street .
how do you like that ?
i would rather be home to take care of my grandma more . she lives in my guesthouse .
that must be a lot of fun
it is nice to have her here . what are your hobbies ?
i like to be outdoors most of the time
that's nice . i enjoy collecting teapots and spending time with my cats .
how many cats do you have
i've 3 but i used to have 4 . my ex husband took one in the divorce .
do you miss the cat
yea very much so . it has been 2 years since seeing her .
that would be so very sad
yeah it was . at least i've my 3 and my grandma to keep me company .
persona
i have never been to the beach.
i love to climb.
i love my parrot , todd.
i'm a disappointment to my family.
i am the oldest of 5 children.
persona II
i dropped out of college a month ago.
i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.
i wear my heart on my sleeve.
some call me a hopeless romantic.
dialogue
hi , how are you ? anything interesting in your life ?
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
that's really awesome . great exercise . i'm just figuring out life right now .
hi , i'm doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
i am living in my car , a toyota camry , just outside of la for now .
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
are you doing ok man ? you are really repetitive . can i help you with something ?
hi , i'm doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
ever gone to college ? i tried it , it just was not right so i dropped out .
yes , me too , i'm the eldest of five and my family is ashamed of me
that really sucks man . i bet they are missing out on a great person .
sorry to hear that . i've never been to the beach . does la have any ?
oh yeah , we are right on the pacific . you know that means peaceful ?
i'm doing fine , just family issues . my only friend is parrot , todd
persona
i eat well.
i exercise.
i play football.
i am very social.
persona II
i don't like to clean house.
i sell clothing on facebook.
my hair is curly and dark.
i have two children.
dialogue
hello there , do you have any children ? i've two .
i do not have kids . many of my friends do .
are their houses clean ? mine always seems dirty , i dislike cleaning it .
i like to keep a healthy life style . so my house is always tidy .
i am jealous ! where do you work ? i use facebook to sell clothing designs .
i an a trainer . i love facebook for keeping in touch socially
wonderful . i look like a zombie on facebook , with my dark curly hair .
do you like to play any sports ? or are you working to much ?
i'm not very good at sports . i play basketball with my children sometimes .
i'm in a football game every weekend with a group of friends
you must be very strong ! awesome !
i try to keep healthy if i can
what else do you do to keep healthy ?
food is important to me , i keep as organic as i can
persona
i love reading mysteries in my free time.
i love playing tennis.
i went to college in chicago.
i m pursuing my law degree.
persona II
i've lived in several different states.
i like to cook.
my husband was a salesman.
i worked as a nurse for many years.
i've a cat named kj.
dialogue
omg , my ferocious feline kj is trying to attack birds outside !
oh funny ! i have a dog and a cat .
she can be annoying , especially when i m cooking which is often
what do you do for a living ?
i'm a retired nurse . my husband used to be an auto dealer
oh . i'm working on my law degree .
that s very impressive . must be expensive to go to school now
it is ! thank goodness for loans .
yeah but you have to pay back with large interest . sad .
yeah , my parents have helped out alot .
that s good . my husband is on disability so its good we don t have any kids
oh . i am single with no kids .
don t have them until you can afford them ! god forbid they have medical problems
that is good advice ! i want to find the right guy too !
i used to be a traveling nurse , many states , where do you live ?
i live in chicago , you ?
persona
i go to yoga.
my favorite sport is hockey.
watching sports is fun.
i aspire to be a millionaire.
persona II
i don't talk a lot.
i love to listen to religious music.
i like playing basketball.
i'm a middle aged woman.
i love my family.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hi . . i'm good . . how about you
i am good do you like sports
i love yoga and sports too
i play basketball in my free time
i am a fan of hockey
do you like to listen to music
i like rock music . . i'm fan of elvis
that's cool i like religious music
where are you from now ?
i am from tennessee where are you from
i am from memphis tn
that is cool we are close
what do u do fr living ? ?
persona
my car is black.
i lease my car.
i am a recruiter.
my favorite meal is brunch.
i do not own any pets.
persona II
i work with my wife.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
i've trained over 20 types of animals.
i'm a zookeeper.
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
dialogue
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
i am great . what is your favorite meal ? mine is brunch !
i like breakfast . . . . do you work ?
yes i enjoy my job as a recruiter . do you own any pets ?
i work at a zoo so i've a lot of pets
i own no pets . it is sad .
there are good therapy
do you own or lease a vehicle ? my car is a lease .
we just bought my daughter a car for graduation
what color is it ? mine is black !
it is a pale pink in honor of my wife being breast cancer survivor
that's great ! i'm so glad she survived . cancer is a terrible disease .
yes it is now we work together at the zoo
so you get to spend a lot of time together !
persona
i like to play video games.
i have been working the same job for two years.
i'm a musician.
my favorite band is hop along.
persona II
i like crab dipped in butter.
i like to kayak.
i like to fly model airplanes.
i like imagine dragons.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ? i am enjoying listening to imagine dragons
i am fine , been playing video games , my favorite activity !
that is nice . i really like to fly models of airplanes while eating buttered crabs
i have been working for two years making model planes .
that is awesome . when not with planes , i kayak on the river
i play music because my job is being a musician .
i like music but i do not appear to have a job
do you have a favorite band ?
yes , imagine dragons is my favorite
i have several but my favorite is hop along
ok . i'd is my favorite to listen to while i fly model airplanes
i listen to hop along while i work my job , building model planes
nice . i take model airplanes while i kayak
i play video games while i'm on break at work
that's nice to have a video game system at work
yes it is , i love building model planes !
persona
i like potatoes.
i lease my car.
i've two dogs.
i work in accounting.
persona II
last season i was just getting started.
this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
this is my second year in the league.
i play quarterback.
dialogue
good morning i'm a footballer
good morning , i'm an accountant with two dogs .
cool . do you enjoy this work ?
no . i really love potatoes and would rather grow them .
i'm in the nfl . second year . i like potato chips .
my car is leased . i drive my 2 dogs in it .
i own all my cars and have no dogs for them . sad !
sad indeed . you must get a dog ,
i dunno it sounds a bit hairy .
you can get a hairless one !
i don't think i would like the looks of that .
it is the love that counts , that's all .
could i really love a hairless dog though ?
i believe you could love whatever you set your heart to 3
maybe i will set my heart to something related to football career
yes , you could have a pet football . like a pet rock .
persona
my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.
i speak fluent french.
my mother works at a bank.
i work in an animal shelter.
persona II
i am a teacher.
i graduated college for secondary english education.
i live in the suburbs of a major city.
i like to garden.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
i'm good ! just got off from my shift at the animal shelter . you ?
relaxing after a day teaching
nice ! i love teachers . my french teacher was my fav . i speak fluently now .
congrats , i mainly teach adults english as a second language
my teacher was a mom to me . mom was a bank teller . we were not close .
i am sorry , i am sure they both were very proud of you and did their best
i guess . at least she made a mean mushroom ravioli ! still my fav !
ll , i live with my sister in the suburbs . i end up cooking great deal
yum ! i am a city girl , though . wish i could move to europe .
same here , couldn't leave the bog city
too bad europe is so expensive .
persona
i go visit them sometimes.
i work at a grocery store.
my mother is a social worker for the school system.
my best friend lives in a big city.
she likes to grow plants in her garden.
persona II
my credit cards are maxed out.
i like the color purple.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i'm a little under the weather , but doing ok . how about you ?
stressed , i maxed out my credit cards getting a collectors edition of clueless .
that is crazy ! where do you work ? i work at kroger as a sales associate .
cher is my idea of perfection so it was worth . i am a biologist .
understandable . so what do you have planned to do today ?
i've to call my ex , today is his birthday .
don't call him ! ex are in the past for a reason .
his birthdays have always been so special to me .
i guess if you are still friends its ok . how long since the breakup ?
its been about 4 years now . lets distract from the negative . do you have a favorite color ?
haha , true . purple actually ! you ?
persona
i eat well.
i'm very social.
i'm in college.
i play football.
i exercise.
persona II
i'm a romantic.
i like jazz.
i like victorian things.
i collect dolls.
dialogue
i love long walks on the beach and watching the sunset
love that ! i take classes in college and am on the football team !
i like to collect vintage things and little toys
fun ! i try to eat very healthy when i can !
i like listening to music with saxophone solos .
i also try to workout several times a week to stay healthy and in shape !
that's awesome . i usually just curl up at home by the fire and listen to some jazz
i've a bunch of friends and can be super social with them !
i like looking at little dolls from the victorian era . their outfits are beautiful .
whats for dinner tonight ? i am making spaghetti right now !
maybe some wine . just a dinner for two .
that sounds like it could be a nice evening !
very nice . relaxing and romantic .
sounds fun . wish i had someone to have romantic dinners with !
sounds like you would be a catch
possibly but good men are super hard to find !
persona
i am a diabetic.
traffic makes me mad.
i like to read.
i have a long drive to work.
persona II
i look forward to retiring.
i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.
i am a humble baker.
i love all of my beautiful children.
dialogue
hello . how are you doing this fine evening ?
hey , i am good thanks , and you ?
i'm doing well . so what do you do for fun ?
i love to read . what about you ?
i like non fiction and sci fi . just finished a book by graham greene
oh nice , what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to play boardgames . charades . i play cards . mostly work though . you ?
is there anything that makes you mad ?
no i'm a pretty easy going guy . i own a bakery . do you work ?
yes , i have a really long drive to get there though !
really ? i hear that a lot these days . where do you work ?
yes , getting stuck in traffic drives me crazy . i'm an office manager
oh so you must have many subordinates . do you have any kids ?
no , maybe i'll someday , you ?
i have many beautiful children . i love them all . ready to retire and pass the torch .
do you have any grandchildren ?
persona
i'm in high school apart of the school band.
i love watching greys anatomy.
music has always been my number one passion.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
persona II
i lamp on the weekends in the forest.
there i'm a general of an oris army.
in reality i am 32 and live at home with my mother.
i could move out , but she does not want me to.
i miss my dad.
dialogue
hello how are you ?
hello good and you ?
sad . my mother does not want me to move out .
why not ?
i don't know . i could just leave but she's my mother .
how old are you ?
i'm 32 . how old are you ?
25 . youve lived with your parents this whole time ?
just my mom . my dad has passed and i miss him a lot .
so why do you want to leave her then ?
i am an adult . and she doesn't like me carping in the forest on weekends .
she worries about you
yes . but there i am the general of the oris family its so fun .
what do you do for a living ? i am confused
persona
my right foot only has 3 toes.
i love to read crime novels.
i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.
i'm a zookeeper.
my favorite animal is the panda.
persona II
i live in the united states.
math is my favorite subject.
i'm a boy.
i play ice hockey.
dialogue
hey how are you today ?
i'm tired from work . i work at a zoo . i love animals especially pandas .
not many pandas here in the usa though that good .
what do you do ? the zoo is great but dangerous . i lost 2 toes once .
that sad . got good grades in math today so i get to go play hockey .
any other hobbies ? i really like to read crime novels when i'm not working .
reading is fun . what your favorite book ?
i love sherlock holmes stories . do you have a favorite ?
just like doing my math books and learning
math is hard for me . do you have any family ? brothers or sisters ?
no . only child just like sports you ?
it is just me . i do not like sports much . i'd like to raise chickens though .
never been to a farm . hockey game is coming up should come see me play .
that would be fun . the chickens would be because i eat so many eggs .
eggs sound good . many chickens here in the usa .
what state do you live in ? i'm in pennsylvania .
persona
my hair is colored purple.
i live on a boat.
i'm a hair stylist.
i've my own salon.
persona II
my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
i have trained over 20 types of animals.
i work with my wife.
i'm a zookeeper.
my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hi i am doing okay how are you
not too bad . i'm a zookeeper , i just got home from work
that sounds like a very fun job . i style hair at my own shop
it is , i have trained over 20 different animals . how long have you done that ?
just brought my salon a few years ago but have been doing hair for years
my wife and i've worked at the zoo together for 10 years .
that's great did you meet there
we actually met thru a friend after her breast cancer treatments
that was nice i am sorry she had cancer
she's good now . our daughter just graduated highest in her class .
congrats to your daughter . i just got done dying my hair purple
that's awesome , it looks great on some people
yeah it does i love being able to have the freedom to do it and still work
it must be nice having your own business
yes it is being able to have all my own clients and no boss is great
persona
i love eating at mcdonalds.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
persona II
i like to wear boots.
i've many girlfriends.
i'm argentinian.
i like to ride horses.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i'm doing well and how are you ?
i'm doing well too , thank you for asking . what are some of your hobbies ?
mostly watching nascar on sundays and pop music
i like racing , but prefer horse racing instead of cars .
ah , what do you like to eat ?
i like pizza , what about you ?
mcdonalds is by far my favorites . where do you work ?
i do not work , i rely on many of my girlfriends to provide for me .
i followed in my parents food steps and getting my degree in teaching .
that is interesting , what subject do you teach ?
i am still in school right now but would like to teach history .
if i was going to teach , i'd teach horseback riding .
that would be a very fun area to work in . what else do you like ?
persona
boating is my favorite activity.
i live in a large home.
i work for a large hospital.
i'm a doctor.
persona II
my wife makes the best pasta.
i draw all the time and i am good at it.
it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
i listen to pink when i am painting.
dialogue
hello how are you doing today
i'm ok what do you do for fun ?
i am an avid drawer , i am great ! how about you
i like boating ! so are you an artist ?
yes , i paint and draw . what kinds of boats do you captain ?
just little speedboats . it is just something i do in my down tome
that sounds like fun . do you work ?
yes work at a hospital as a doctor .
my sister is a doctor . that's hard work ! lots of hours
yeah most of the time i wish i had more time with my family
oh yeah , family is very important . my wife makes fantastic pasta
do you eat a lot of italian food ?
just the pasta my wife makes . do you like to cook ?
i don't really have time to cook . do you have kids ?
persona
i m always early.
i am in between classes.
i volunteer with dogs.
although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.
persona II
i love the color pink.
i enjoy being outside.
i love pasta.
i love to swim.
dialogue
hey . my favorite color is pink . how about you ?
i like blue . what kind of work do you do ?
i do not . but i love being outside , swimming , and eating pasta .
i like animals , might do something with them for a job .
that would be awesome ! tell me something else about you .
i'm in school , and i volunteer at an animal shelter .
you should be a vet ! sounds like youre a big animal lover .
yeah , i am thinking about it . maybe i will just have a zoo at my house .
haha that would work too . pretty sure you would get locked up for that though .
maybe not a literal zoo , just a couple dogs .
that definitely works . i love my puppy .
what kind of dog is it ?
white german shepherd . 2 years old .
i had a german shepherd once , they like to herd .
herd what ? i live in the us in pittsburgh . you ?
i live in mississippi . i mean they need to be trained around kids .
persona
i hate green beans.
i love to watch game shows.
i m very religious.
i m easily agitated.
persona II
my mother is a professional make up artist.
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbor s arguments.
i want a dog , but that's a lot of commitment.
i sometimes think i m shallow.
dialogue
hey how are you doing
doing good . watching reruns of the price is right
i love some price is right haha
i also love wheel of fortune !
i look at that to , but i like price is right more , what you do for living
i work at a church .
cool , i want to be makeup artist like my mom
that sounds interesting . do you like beans ?
yeah they're okay , rather have burger and fries
i like all but the green ones . yuck !
haha right , i like to sneak and listen to the neighbors fights
what do they fight about ?
seems like husband and wife be fighting about cheating or something
how sad . they need god in their lives .
yes they do , entertaining to me though
i think it is a bit nosey .
persona
i work at a non profit that helps children.
my favorite food is cheese.
i m allergic to shellfish.
i like horseback riding.
i love going to concerts and dancing hard.
persona II
i'm bored of my maids.
i married miss usa.
i've more money than i know what to do with.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
my children are a dissapointment.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? i am married to miss usa .
wow very cool ! i am 30 .
nice ! i have so much money more then i know what to do with .
well you can donate it to the charity i work for that helps kids
that is nice you help kids ! mine are a disappointment .
i am sorry to hear that ! any favorite foods ? mine is cheese
my favorite dessert is strawberry cheesecake .
i can not eat shellfish , i am allergic
that's not good and messy . i've maids that could clean it up .
nice can i borrow one ? lol
yes ! i'm getting bored of them !
lol any hobbies ? my is horseback riding
i love horses ! i love to craft too !
i also like to craft !
favorite things to make ? wreaths , shirts , glasses are what i mostly make .
i like to make wineglass candles .
persona
i work in an office.
i've a cat named speckles.
i have two tattoos.
i enjoy shopping.
persona II
i am a runner.
i like tall men.
i enjoy reading and cooking.
i have 2 dogs.
dialogue
i how are you doing today i m really tall
i am five foot ten inches tall
i m like a runner andi like reading in to cook
i am a farmer i like crafting
do you have pets i have two magnificent
i have cats and dogs
two dogs that we have there so
i have three dogs four cats
do you go to the park with your pets
yes they are here on the farm
on the farm what kind of plans do you have
buying in more cattle
cattle farm do you like working there
yes its nice and peaceful
it s so nice to hear and what else do you do
i own the farm i live , plus have some chickens
persona
i own 4 cats.
my favorite band is metallica.
i work at the grocery store.
i am a college student.
persona II
my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.
my car broke down last week.
i like to fly kites.
i work out every other day.
i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i am great , just heading into class and then off to work at walmart . hbu ?
well , normally i would be out flying my kite but with the hurricane i am staying in .
oh are you in florida ? i would be scared for my 4 cats .
my car died tuesday so i was worried but i was able to get it fixed friday .
oh that's good . do you like music ?
i do ! i listen to it when i work out .
nice ! whats your favorite band ? mine is metallica .
i like red hot chilli peppers .
they are really cool too .
yes , i like turn of the century bands .
yeah they're definitely good too .
persona
my favorite drink is cuba libre.
i did a few small roles in tv series.
i work as a stand up comedian.
i come from a small town.
persona II
i enjoy nature.
i'm in a lot of debt.
i enjoy electronic music.
i fantasize about living in another country.
dialogue
hi i've been wondering who will join me on my nature trip ?
i'd like to go . anything to get out of this small boring town .
that is good but i don't have enough money and i am in debt right now .
i am in debt too . i am a stand up comedian and its real hard to find work
that's bad we should go somewhere else how about a electronic music festival ?
i like some electronic music but not all because a lot of it is fake .
yes like my fake fantasy with living in another country
i always wanted to live in another country but i'm stuck in a small boring town .
why ? if you want we should live together in nature because its free .
a small town like this is not good for anything except gossiping
yes i know comedians also like gossiping do you like it ?
sometimes but everything is so politically correct and that ruins most jokes .
politics really make the worlds feel like we are living in a fake world .
most jokes are not politically correct , that's why they're funny
yes you are right but politics should be involved in saving our nature .
comedians cant get gigs at college campuses now . everybody gets offended
persona
i'm a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
i coexist well with my husband.
i've a friend group , but i do not like any of them.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
persona II
i don't like my job.
i visit india often.
my favorite color is blue.
i want to be an explorer.
dialogue
hello there ! how are you today ?
i am pretty good . just enjoying a day by myself . you ?
searching online for jobs , i hate mine !
what do you do for work ?
front desk at a doctors office , but i want to go to india again !
i wish i had money to go . my boys eat me out of house and home
sorry to hear that . did you paint their room blue ?
they are teens so they prefer women in bikinis on their walls lol
haha maybe they want to go on an exploring trip with me .
my husband and i could use some alone time . what are you exploring ?
indian mountains and valleys . also their culture . i go often there .
perhaps i should go . i feel lost in my life .
persona
i own a bar in downtown chicago.
i smoke a pipe.
i won the spelling bee in third grade.
i ve been married five times.
i love to eat eggplant.
persona II
i was a slave for 10 years.
i escaped and later became a carpenter.
i got married 10 years later.
i was the first born child.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am great . just smoking . you ?
nothing . tell me something about yourself .
i like to get married a lot and drink .
i got married after escaping from being a slave for ten years .
where were you a slave ?
i a village in africa . now i work as a carpenter
that's really cool . how do you like it ?
it is hard work but it is really rewarding . what do you do ?
i am a bartender . i sell beer .
i love beer , but my wife hates it when i'm drunk .
i do not blame her
i think am a lot of fun when i'm drunk
most people think that way
do you think most people are wrong ?
i talk to a lot of people . people are people .
persona
i am studying to be a dentist.
my favorite team is the raptors.
my favorite band is rise against.
i usually go to bed late.
i like sports.
persona II
i would like to move some place warmer.
i m an out of work farmhand.
i like watching reality television shows.
i live in kansas.
dialogue
man , it is cold where i'm !
hi . how are you doing today ?
i'm a little chilly , but good . looking for work . you ?
i'm studying to become a dentist .
that is great . i was a farmhand . now i am out of work .
that is too bad . do you like basketball ?
i do not mind it . one thing i do love is reality tv . you ?
same here . i usually go to bed very late , so i watch all of them .
where is it that you live ?
i live on the east coast
i'm in kansas but i would love to be someplace warmer .
you should try arizona out .
maybe i should ! bet there are farming jobs there !
i think so . you are sure to find something there .
persona
i married my high school sweetheart.
i love to go shopping.
i teach first grade.
my favorite pizza is pepperoni.
i drink lots of iced tea.
persona II
i work at a school as an art teacher.
i can t stand pizza.
i don t own a television.
i like to read.
dialogue
hello , how are you today
i'm doing great u
wonderful , read any good books ?
no just went shopping though
shopping for what . food ?
i shop for practically everything
shopping is fun . do you have any artistic abilities ?
i like to color my shopping list
so you are quite organized ? i tend to be organized ,
i can be at times
do you have a favorite food ?
pizza is the most amazing food
eww . i cannot stand pizza .
that is very sad for you
i think it is more sad for you .
maybe i can find a pizza that you'll like online and buy it
persona
i'm a meat eater.
i like to go hunting.
i love country music.
i drive a big truck.
i like football on tv.
persona II
i've 3 children.
i like to run.
my favorite movie is 16 candles.
i drive 300 mile a week for work.
i love cheese cake.
dialogue
hi .
howdie ! do you enjoy hunting ? i really like it !
yes ! but with 3 kids i've no time to get out .
i am sure you are busy ! i drive my kids around in a big truck .
do you have any hobbies ? i love running . it is very calming
i like to watch football on tv in my spare time . do you like football ?
no . not into sports very much . but my favorite movie to watch on tv is 16 candles
great classic movie . are you into country music ? i love all country music !
yes , love it ! i listen to it on my 300 mile drive to work each week .
wow that's a long drive . my big truck is a gas guzzler lol .
lol . do you enjoy cheese cake ? i love it !
naw , but i am a serious meat eater , carnivore all the way !
nice !
how about you ? meat eater or vegetarian ?
persona
i work for peta.
i love animals.
i like to make clothes.
i'm a vegetarian.
persona II
i work as a teacher and love my job.
one child has autism.
i have two dogs who are like my babies.
i have two children.
dialogue
hi ! i have four children two human and two canine .
that is wonderful that you consider your dogs kids
they truly are like kids sometimes . do you have pets ?
no , i don't but i love them and hope to get one
dog or cat ? i love cats , too .
all animals ? i'm an advocate for them as well through my job at peta
you work at peta ? great ! i teach elementary school .
that is rewarding ! and yes i do i also like to make clothing on the side
sounds like you are busy . what kind of clothes ?
yes , i try to stay busy . i make kids clothing
do you have many customers ?
yes , i get alot of customers online .
good . internet is the best way to find stuff .
yes , it also helps me with ideas for my vegan meals !
i've never tried vegan diet . what is your favorite dish ?
i love to make vegan burgers with soy beans and other vegetables
persona
i rent an apartment.
i live walking distance from work.
i enjoy playing soccer.
i do not like coffee.
i work in finance.
persona II
i'm tall.
i like to garden.
i love the outdoors.
i like to build things.
i like to travel.
dialogue
hey how are you ? what are you doing ?
hey i am good , just got back from playing soccer
nice . i watched a soccer game when i was in brazil . it was great
wow i never have time to travel , my hours at the finance office ugh
that's too bad . i am a gardener so i guess i take things a little slower
aw i cannot wait to buy my house i am renting an apartment right now .
yea then you might get into some hobbies to get your mind off work
yea hopefully i can find something as close to work , i walk currently .
well that's great . i love being outside . walking is relaxing
yeah , i do not drink coffee so it helps wake me up
i built my own bike from scratch . so if i am not walking i am biking
omg that is awesome , do you work or retired ?
no i own a gardening business . my height helps me cut high branches or decorate better
lucky , i am 5 3 i've a hard time reaching the top cabinet on anything
persona
i have a cat named george.
my favorite band is metallica.
i regularly go to the gym.
my favorite meal is chicken and rice.
i read autobiographies before bed.
persona II
i've perfect pitch.
i've been published in the new yorker magazine.
i'm a gourmet cook.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am wonderful how about yourself ?
i am great . i am just writing about food .
what kind of food i love chicken and rice .
i'm writing about crock pot dishes
that would be a good dinner solution for my gym nights . have pets ?
i do not have any animals
i've curious george , george for short he's a cat .
do you have any other animals
no just the one . do you like music ?
i like music a lot
i like metallica what about you ?
i like softer music mostly
do you like to read ?
i like to read cookbooks
i like autobiographies to relax at night .
persona
i love to shop.
i've a lot of friends.
i am in debt.
i drive a bmw.
i am single.
persona II
my favorite seafood in lobster.
i live in seattle.
i work at google.
i started at google on an internship.
dialogue
good morning how are you ?
hey there , how are you today ?
not too bad , just taking a break at work
those are def needed . lol shopping is my friend haha
haha , food is my friend especially lobster . . . . now i really want some lobster . .
lobster is amazing ! ! ! i'm in way to much debt to eat that good though lol
the solution then would be to become a fisherman and catch yourself some p
never been big on fishing . being single though , i def have the time for it haha
do you have a job ?
not currently . i should probably sell my bmw for money at this point
nice car you know , you should check out internships that's how i got my job
that'sn't a bad idea . i do have tons of friends i can contact
friends who aren't shopping p
exactly . haha i should look into that
well i work at google its been a good job so far
that is a really good company to work for from what i hear
persona
i've a strange obsession with pens.
i enjoy writing for long periods of time.
i wish i didn t have to work.
i wish i made more money.
persona II
i sell paper products for a living.
i'm under 6 feet tall.
i have a daughter.
i hate the taste of cheese.
i'm a great cook.
dialogue
hi how are you tonight ?
are you a male or a female ? can you type faster ?
i am a female . maybe .
i would like to make more money . you ?
yes , i'd like to make more money .
i like to write alot . you ever write erotica ?
no , i sell paper products .
do you work for dunder mifflin ?
i wish . do you like cheese ? i hate it .
i like cheese . it would be better if you liked it .
i love to cook , what about you ?
i would rather you cook for me .
do you have any kids ?
no , but do you want to have some ?
i have a four year old daughter .
that's so great . i would love a four year old .
persona
i broke my arm skiing once.
my hair is a reddish brown.
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
although i ski down high hills , i have a fear of heights.
i am a competitive ski racer.
persona II
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
we also have three dogs and two cats.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
dialogue
hey whats going on ? where are you from ?
i'm just getting ready to practice my skiing . what are u doing
about to take my 14 year old to football practice . my 12 year old plays to
i'm a pro skiier racer
that is pretty awesome . i'm a physical therapist
i broke my arm once skiing and had to see a pt
yea its a fun job . my wife is also going to school to be a nurse
that is cool . my family supports my pro skiing career
well that's good . you have any pets ? i am from tx where do you live ?
no i do not have pets no time for them . i am in the west ants
oh ok . i have got 3 dogs and 2 cats . busy busy lol
that is cool . i have reddish brown hair that looks like a dogs fair lol
haha that is awesome . i love red hair . my name is johm btw . whats yours ?
tami . i'm a natural redhead
persona
i like ice cream.
i love rock music.
i'm taking courses online.
i work as a contractor for a cab company.
persona II
my favorite hobby is gardening.
my husband died last year.
i'm 77 years old.
my family gets together every saturday.
black coffee is my addiction.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
hey i am okay looking for a ice cold snack , relived my dad left florida !
that's a relief ! family is important , i get together with mine every saturday
that's awesome ! i'm able to focus more with my music since i'm online
what kind of music do you play ?
i don't i like to rock out to it though lol
i am a little old for the loud rock music , haha
how old lol ? i am getting ready for work .
i am 77 , i do not work much anymore but i love to spend time in the garden
oh , really ? what do you grow ?
flowers , herbs and vegetables . this year i grew lots of tomatoes !
i love fruits an vegetables straight out the garden !
i agree , there'sn'thing better ! what kind of work do you do ?
i work for a cab company got a contract
persona
i work in a diner.
i am always late.
i live with my best friend.
i sing in the shower.
persona II
i'm a fitness guru.
i'm a carefree , funloving , free spirited person.
i'm a true believer in god first.
i love adventure that is why i have been a sales person all my life.
i am 5 3 an love movie time.
dialogue
hi friend , how are you doing ?
hi ! sorry i was late , i was running behind as usual .
are you always busy ? i hope you have some fun on saturday !
i usually am . especially with work . i wish i had time for fun !
sorry to hear . do you work out at all ? i just got back from gym .
sometimes after work . the guys get mad at me in the showers .
why do they get mad ? that isn't very polite .
i always sing songs very loudly .
good for you ! you sound happy in there . i like fun people .
i'm a happy person . my best friend likes being around me too
lovely . do you go to movies ? i love movie time .
when i have time after work sometimes . what movies do you like ?
i like drama usually , but if movies have my favorite actors i'd consider them .
my roommate and i are going to the movies later . any suggestions ?
a ghost story . that's my favorite for this year .
i will tell him that we should see it ! thanks !
persona
i currently hold three jobs.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
i watch south park at least once a day.
persona II
i watch youtube videos.
i write.
i've brown hair.
i work at mcdonalds.
i like sleeping.
dialogue
hello there . i'm native . i enjoy watching youtube videos online in my spare time
i don't have time for that . i work three jobs right now .
oh wow . i just have one . mcdonald .
i recently proposed to my long time girlfriend so saving for the wedding .
what color is her hair ? my hair color is brown but i prefer blonde .
she's a ginger .
that is great ! what music do you enjoy
i love avenged sevenfold . what do you like ?
van morrison . i sleep to his songs .
he is pretty great . do you watch television much ?
i do . netflix binging mostly though if i'm not writing
i watch south park every day on hulu .
ahahah . . . . i wish workaholics was still on netflix
is it a good show ? i have never seen it .
persona
my favorite car is the ford mustang.
i like to go to the movies.
i've a pit bull and a chihuahua.
i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.
i walk more than 2 miles a day.
persona II
i've been all over the world.
i like things that explode.
i also like kittens.
i work in the military.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
i'm fine , got my 2 mile walk in today
nice have you travelled much ?
no , i do not travel , have 3 jobs for last 5 years .
i have been everywhere in the world
interesting , my hobby is going to the movies , and you ?
i like blowing things up
have you blew up a ford mustang yet , my fav .
yeah i like to explode everything i am in the military
sounds like fun ! i have 2 dogs , pit and chi chi
wow do you have any cats
no cats , at least inside
persona
i work for a newspaper.
i am single.
i love to do yoga.
my passion is writing.
my favorite color is grey.
persona II
i live in vermont.
i'm an environmental activist.
i love to hike.
i also like to mountain bike.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm just great ! anything new with you ?
nothing new here . just watching the news
what a coincidence ! i help make the news .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a reporter for the waps .
what is the waps exactly ?
the washington post . my name is zoe barnes . you may have heard of me ?
oh ok . no i have not . . . .
we are nine . you can check it out . its about time for my meditation and yoga .
i could never lean how to meditate
i hate typos . i meant online i am a perfectionist , especially in my writing .
persona
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
i drive a fast sports car.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
persona II
my mother is dead.
i am a yoga instructor.
pink is my favorite color.
i enjoy being alone.
i married my highschool sweetheart.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
how are you doing today
i'm enjoying some alone time myself today .
i'm ding great thanks for asking
husband is doing his own thing . i need my alone time . very welcome .
same thing with my husband lol
what are you up to today ? we so need it . all of us !
i'm going to work on my son cake and do some cleaning
and for fun for you ?
would be making my son cake
is it his birthday today ?
his birthday was the 11
how old is he now ?
he is 1 now
do you have any other kids ?
yes i do what about you
persona
i drive a black car.
my favorite food is steak.
i listen to rap.
i like meat.
i'm working in finance.
persona II
to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.
i believe in aliens.
i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
i'd love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.
dialogue
hi . how are you doing
hi i'm doing great ! i just got home from work .
what do you do for work
i work in the finance department of a local bank . how about you ?
i want to be in eating competitions
that is interesting ! i used to be vegetarian but i love steak and meat too much !
i like suckers and rainbows
hmmm . what kind of music do you like ?
i like the music that the aliens make at night
i love rap music . i just got a new car with a great stereo system .
that must have been expensive . hopefully , it is not abducted .
i hope not ! it is black so harder to see at night !
yeah the aliens are quiet creatures .
i never met an alien . i think i'd be scared .
you would be . they aren't friendly .
have you met one ? do they look like e . t . ?
persona
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.
i'm a happy person.
i sing many songs.
persona II
i don't have a lot of family members that i like.
i am an angry person.
i like to go to bars and people watch.
i'm an old man.
dialogue
good afternoon , how are you ?
its sunny here in pittsburgh , so i am taking a walk . how about you ?
ah , my back hurts , like it pretty much always does , so i could be better
i am sorry . what are you doing for your back to help yourself ?
my quack doctors suggesting acupuncture , but that cannot be anything but a money grab
i've not tried that , but give it a shot before surgery . music is best medicine though .
i'm far too old for surgery , so i just don't care . everybody i liked is dead
you sound depressed . do you read enlightening books to lift your mood ?
no , the only thing i find fun anymore is people watching . ca not be disappointed then
may i suggest some cool music from the mutineers , a folk group . they wo not disappoint either .
i am far too angry for any popular music made today , only johnny cash for me
i love singing his songs
persona
when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.
on weekends i go out with friends.
i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.
i like going to rock concerts.
persona II
i sometimes write poetry.
my favorite color is black.
i want to visit the uk.
i sing in a punk band.
dialogue
listening to husker doo punk while i scribble poetry here . whatcha up to ?
nothing interesting bro . . regular weekend
haven't chatted with you in awhile . how was your vacation ?
my vacation ? i've nt went to any . .
me neither . i've been dying to go to england but just do not have the money .
europe is a great vacation destination
that is what i hear . my punk band has been trying to get gigs there .
hm . . what do you do fr living
tatoo artist ? all black white i hate color tattoos . you ?
i'm not a big fan of tattoo
hmmmm . . . well , you oughta give them a try . something small and hidden .
correct . . it will go forever . . i know
persona
i recently made the college baseball team.
i am a huge fan of baseball.
i'm going to be the starting shortstop.
i am 19 years old.
my favorite player is mike trout.
persona II
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i can beat anyone in chess.
i simply walk around when i have nothing to do.
i got hired as a security guard.
i've high speed internet.
dialogue
hi . have you ever seen an eclipse ?
just came back from baseball practice .
did you see an eclipse at baseball practice ?
no , i have not , i am too busy playing baseball
i see . i spend most my time playing chess . very different perhaps .
i am really good at baseball for being 19 years old .
that's cool . i work as a mall cop . i'll not bust you then .
i play shortstop , i've never played chess .
chess and baseball have similarities , believe it or not .
mall cop , that sounds fun , have you seen the movie ?
movie ? no . i've fast internet service , but never streamed it .
that first part was really good and fun .
besides . i am the mall cop . why would i need to see the movie ? lol .
i recommend you watch it , it is super funny
persona
i have a few pet iguanas.
i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
i've a brother but we don't talk much yet.
i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.
i am pretty poor financially.
persona II
i like to play video games.
i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
i'm a scientist.
i live alone.
i play guitar on my free time.
dialogue
hello , i'm a . musician . what do you do ?
not too much , but i do have a few pet iguanas
being that i don't live with anyone i could benefit from a pet .
what type of pet do you want ?
maybe a dog . he can listen to me play my guitar .
nice , do you have any siblings ?
yes , and when they visit me , we play video games .
i have a brother , but we do not talk much
oh , i am sorry about that .
its okay , i still get along
that is great ! i also cook for my siblings . i am an aspiring chef .
that is good to hear . i am pretty poor . i do not have many means .
persona
i've a garden.
i'm a veteran.
i like to read.
my favorite book is ender s game.
persona II
i work at the deli counter.
i like to go fishing.
i m a college drop out.
my favorite music is jimi hendrix.
dialogue
hello there , how are you ?
i'm doing good how about yourself ?
good thank you ! tell me about yourself .
well i am a reader . i love reading enders game sitting in my garden .
awesome ! i spend my day working at a counter at the deli .
that's cool . i am retired military .
i dropped out of college unfortunately .
that's ok . what do you enjoy doing ?
i really enjoy going out fishing . yourself ?
when i'm not reading , i love going to the river
that is awesome ! i also love music . i especially love jimi hendrix .
i love all music . i do not have a favorite .
music is a great hobby and passion to have .
yes it is . its relaxing when i tend to my garden .
i like to listen when i go out fishing .
what do you fish for ?
persona
i drink coffee every day.
i do yoga every morning.
i am a teacher.
i love chocolate.
persona II
i just turned 77.
i love animals.
i like watching british tv shows and movies.
i have one grandson and one daughter.
i am a retired computer programmer.
dialogue
hi ! hope you and your animals haven't been effected by the hurricane
they haven't . my job is a teacher so i have no time for animals .
oh , that's a shame . i'm very passionate about animals ! i retired 10 years ago
do you do much yoga in your retirement ? i do every morning ,
i should ! i spend a lot of time watching tv shows and movies specifically british
i enjoy british movies too . i love to eat chocolate while viewing .
my grandson loves chocolate ! however , my daughter wo not let him eat it
i am trying to cut my daily coffee consumption so chocolate helps .
that is great ! i recently turned 77 , so i say to hell with it !
i have to agree with you on that one for sure !
how long have you been doing yoga ?
for years . it is very relaxing .
persona
i eat a strictly vegan diet.
ocd rules my life , and i've a hard time relinquishing control.
i'm a seventh day adventist.
i teach elementary school children at a private school.
my friends tell me that i m a neurotic hypochondriac.
persona II
i love to watch the voice.
i graduated from princeton.
i travel at least once a year.
my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing well just finished eating supper . yourself ?
not much at all , actually . where are you from ?
i am from new mexico . what about yourself ? do you work ?
i'm in michigan . i do not work as i just graduated out of princeton and am looking
oh nice . what was your major ? i'm thinking about going back .
natural sciences . what was yours ? and what would you go back to get ?
economics . i want to finish getting an associates of science . not finishing drives me crazy .
i understand . do you travel ? i make sure to at least once a year .
i do not travel much . i am a substitute teacher . where have you been lately ?
dallas last month . museums are my favorite thing so travelling helps knock out a lot
my brother lives in dallas . the last museum i visted was in new orleans city park .
oh , nice . i've not been to new orleans yet . whats your biggest hobby ?
i'm kind of a foodie . i try to stay healthy and exercise . what about you ?
persona
i'm a mother of two beautiful boys.
my family and i go camping every month.
i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
my favorite artist is justin bieber.
persona II
i'm colorblind.
i'm still living at home at age 30.
i've a college degree in marketing.
i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
i'm a volunteer firefighter.
dialogue
hi , how is it going ? staying safe in florida
i'm doing well . i live in alabama
as a volunteer fire man i'm staying to help
be safe ! ! do you like horse back riding ?
sure that is fun but no room for horses . mom and dad have a small house
oh ok we have two boys . they grow up fast
yes they do . tell them to learn the trades college is overrated
do you like to listen to music ?
not muchly brother liked disco lights and they freak me cant see color
that sucks . i like to listen to justin bieber
ya he has sold himself . good marketing
i also like to go camping alot
that's cool the store i'm opening will sell camping food
that's awesome . maybe i can shop there sometime
when i get it open i will let you know . wanna invest
ll i do not have that kind of money . i'm a backwoods mother of two
persona
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
i drive a ferrari.
i just bought a new mansion.
i'm a rapper.
persona II
i like fishing.
i m a simple man.
i usually catch sunfish.
i drink beers and go to the creek.
i can t eat them but they re pretty.
dialogue
hey , how is it going ?
good . what are you up to ?
great just drinking a beer and fishing , how about you ?
sounds nice . i'm just working on some lyrics for a new rap song .
that is great . how is it coming along ?
i'm working it out . where are you fishing
i go fishing down at the creek by my house .
sounds peaceful . i just moved in to a mansion , but i do not have a creek .
i am simple . i live in a mobile home with my dog .
my life is not simple . as a rapper , i've an image to keep up .
that is inspiring . you sound like a determined person .
i have been able to accumulate some wealth here in japan .
wow , japan . i've never even left my hometown .
but a simple life can be nice too . what else do you enjoy ?
i agree . i like grilling and spending time with friends . you ?
when i need to get away i take a ride in my ferrari .
persona
i simply walk around when i've nothing to do.
i've high speed internet.
i got hired as a security guard.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
persona II
my parents met at woodstock.
i love starbucks coffee.
i have a cat named pickles.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
dialogue
hi there how is it going ?
i'm doing well , how is the new job ?
going good for now . do you have any pets
yes , i've 2 dogs who can be a handful at times ! how about you ?
i have only a cat his name is pickles lol
that is interesting , but very unique at the same time ! do you have kids ?
no not right now i've a rose garden that i call my baby lol
i guess that counts ! i am sure it is easier than children .
lol yes it is and you do you have any kids ?
yes i do . just one though , anymore would be too stressful .
i hace a 3 year old nephew i can imagine
what do you like to do during your free time ?
i love spending time and money at starbucks lol you ?
i like to surf the web and go on walks when i'm bored .
o that's nice yea i enjoy walks
it helps me relax from my stressful job . do you work ?
persona
i like to keep my stockpile organised.
i am a couponer.
i love to save money.
i shop several times a week.
persona II
i avoid eating sugar.
i'm caucasian.
my favorite sport is hockey.
i like rollerblading.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm dong fine . how about you ?
doing good , i'm trying to not eat sugar
tried that . it is hard , with everything processed with salt and sugar .
very hard but i am living it up
couponing all the time . sometimes it is all i see .
couponing is the way of life . save the money !
what do you do , beside fighting a fight against sugar .
i play lots of hockey
i used to love hockey . i don't watch it anymore . for some reason
hockey and rollerblading is life !
i used to rollerblade too . but , now all i rollerblade for is coupons .
that is a very good sport
walking the stores several times a week is good excercise too
yes it is ! i love exercise
that is good to stay in shape .
persona
i can speak three languages.
i cook well.
i like to bike.
i love being in nature.
my mother is a teacher.
persona II
i surf everyday.
people say i can cook well.
i can play piano.
i work at a bar.
i like to listen to country music.
dialogue
i love surfing every day . i try to go often
i speak thrice alternate tongues !
that's great , do you play the piano too ? i love playing
no , my cooking is vet good also , i cook nicely !
we serve good food at my job , but i stay at the bar serving drinks
i love to ride a bike at my job
riding bikes is like surfing , you have to keep balance
yes , my mom is a school teacher .
i work as a music teacher part time , i love country music !
country ? , i really like being around nature , i love it !
i like being outdoors too , its hard to enjoy working in a bar though
i really cook good , i do it well !
persona
i have my own greenhouse.
i am a fruitarian.
i like to garden.
i make my own compost.
persona II
i love to have my nails done.
i use to compete in beauty pageants.
i am allergic to cats.
i have one little boy named owen.
dialogue
hello ! how are you doing ?
i'm good ! how are you ? what do you like to eat ?
i am great ! it is my son owens birthday . love apples
awsome ! i am a fruitatarian and have my won garden , which i compost for .
that's a cool hobby ! i did beauty pageants back in the day
that sounds like alot of fun , any other hobbies ?
i love to get my nails done . how about you ?
i garden in my own greenhouse frequently .
do you have any pets ?
not at this time , do you have any pets ?
a dog . i cant have a cat due to my allergies
that's a shame . dogs are alot of fun though !
persona
i'm bored of my maids.
my favorite dessert is cheesecake.
my children are a disappointment.
i've more money than i know what to do with.
persona II
i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.
i am blind.
i have a job as a dj at a radio station.
i use a cane to help me get around.
dialogue
hi , am visitor here in new york from uk and looking for the best club around .
i am not a club type . i am very wealthy , country clubs are my thing .
can i join you in one of those country clubs because i want a posh holiday ?
sure i spend money all day , i can buy you a membership .
its alright am wiling to join you and share my money with you .
do you have kids ? mine suck
not yet , but planning to have some in the coming two years .
that's great , hope they're awesome kids .
that is all in prayers and its the creator to decide .
absolutely . i have a boy and a girl
i want only girls and not boys because they are very stubborn .
ll i think its the other way around .
persona
i love to ride my bike.
i like going to the beach.
i have a dog named george.
i used to work for a cable company.
i like my job.
persona II
i collect vintage cars.
i ride horses.
i have many homes.
i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
dialogue
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i'm good . how about you ? what do you do for fun ?
i am well thank you . for fun i am an equestrian enthusiast . yourself ?
i like dogs , i have one named george .
i enjoy dogs as well . i take mine with me almost everywhere !
that's cool . mine loves to go with me to the beach .
i take mine on car rides . i am a vintage car collector .
mine runs while i ride my bike , at least on short trips .
we have got long trips between homes . i own a few across the coast i try to visit
must be nice . i work full time , but i really like the job i have .
i have retired thankfully . trying to keep healthy . what do you do ?
i was at a cable company , but now work another tech job .
persona
i have a dog named bob.
i enjoy fishing.
i'm a closet cannibal.
i live on an island.
persona II
i've been published in the new yorker magazine.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
i'm a gourmet cook.
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
dialogue
hi ! how are you ? tell me an interesting fact about you
i live on a small island near pygmies . they have the best food !
oh wow ! what is that food ? you have not tried my gourmet cooking !
can you cook toes in butter . that is my favorite . what seasonings would you add ?
delicious gourmet pig toes ! my recipe is published in new yorker magazine !
pig toes , i've not tried that ! maybe some day . . . hey , do you have animals ?
no pets . i do have a trophy from winning a spelling bee as a child .
cute ! i have a huge fish hung up . my dog bob and i go fish for fun .
do you have any phobias ?
of course . living near pygmies , i sleep with one eye open ! how about you ?
wide open spaces terrify me ! i wo not be as scared by the pygmies
unless you want to be lunch , you should be ! what do you like to do ?
persona
i coach the girl s volley ball team.
i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.
i m a sixth grade teacher.
persona II
i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.
i sing many songs.
i'm a happy person.
i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good and you
i am great . i am just getting done with a book .
and what book was that
honor bound . what do you read ?
i read crossword puzzles mostly
are you any good at them
i do them all day i hope so
have you ever competed in the newspaper or anything
i do the newspaper one but it is too easy
yeah i would have to agree
i do the new york times one
do you complete it every time
most of the time i've to use a dictionary
everyone probably does once in a while
some of the words are just so complex
persona
i like to play soccer , draw and read asterix.
i live with my parents and my little brother.
i'm a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.
i don t have too many friends in the us yet , but i'm going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.
persona II
i wish to buy a corvette when i retire.
i work as a mall cop.
i'm a huge fan of dogs.
i am recently divorced.
i'm trying to write an ebook on animals.
dialogue
ugh , can i just tell you what my ex wife said ?
sure i'm all ears
she said mall cops are not real cops and have big egos and little skill .
yuck . i hope my friends will not be a gossip like she's .
i do not understand her . i love my job and the power it gives me .
i do not have many friends but hope to make some at camp this summer .
me neither , my dogs keep me company .
i think soccer will help me make new friends . all my friends are all back home .
where is home ? soccer is a great sport .
i come from france . i still live with my parents .
i am still so angry about what my ex said . the nerve .
gosh , my bratty little brother just came in my room , again .
oh no , get a keep out sign for your door .
eh , he always bothers me when i read asterix . so annoying .
persona
my mother passed away in 1979.
i'm a meat eater.
i like anime shows.
i had to get a job early as a child.
persona II
i like to create art.
i'm an older guy.
i love to eat sushi and pizza.
i love to work in my garden.
my favorite band is ween.
dialogue
hi , are you a male or female ?
my mom was killed in 79
oh that is terrible ! how did it happen ?
i'm a carminvore all the time
have you tried sushi or pizza ? i love to eat them !
i prefer japanese cartoon shows
i'm an older guy so i don't like japanese cartoon shows . i like creating art .
i was required to work as a chimney sweep when i was a kid
i was required to garden and i still love to work in it .
in 1979 my mom died suddenly
you told me that already . do you have a favorite band ?
i always eat meat , no vegetables ever
persona
i wish i could write in cursive.
i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
i listen to a lot of strange music.
i wait for something interesting to happen each day.
i wish i could live in iceland.
persona II
ariel is my favorite princess.
i am in high school.
i love disney movies.
i'm on a competitive dance team.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm great and yourself tonight ? !
i am good thanks for asking
oh u gucci mane can you write in cursive ?
no i don't think i can
same here ! i hate it ! what about cold winters
i can say i hate those too
would love to live in iceland lol
greenland is the cold one right ?
i think they both are but iceland is a little bit nicer
what do you do for a living ?
i am just in school right now how about yourself
i am in school as well
what is your major right now ?
i'm in high school lol
oh dang where oyu want to go to college at ?
persona
i work at the gas station as a part time job.
i'm a traveling encyclopedia salesman.
my life s goal is to be the world s foremost encyclopedia salesman.
i once saw peyton manning at the grocery store.
persona II
i like to invest in the stock market.
i want to move to london when i get older.
i love soccer.
i work for nike as an accountant.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm doing well , i saw peyton manning at grocery store today
wow that is really cool ! did you get to talk to him
no i was trying to sell him some encyclopedias , he ran away
oh wow ! is that what you do for a living
yes and no i also work half time at a gas station
oh ok i am an accountant at nike shoes
i want to be the worlds best encyclopedia sales alien
hopefully you can be one . what do you do for fun
i like to spy on my neighbors what about you
i play and watch soccer it is my favorite sport . i but stocks too
i wish to hear what my cats are thinking about
lol probably where is more food and why is there a red dot i've to chase
do you have hairless cats
no i do not have any cats i have a dog tho . do you have any pets
yes i have seven purple zebras
persona
i love to play tennis.
i also love to travel.
i love the chainsmokers.
i work as a lifeguard.
persona II
i moved to ny to study in a prestigious designing school.
my desire is to becom a fashion designer.
since young i ve loved fashion.
i love to go shopping and inspire myself in stylish stores.
my inspirations are alexander mcqueen and coco chanel.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am doing well how about you ?
i'm doing good i'm having a great day
that is great ! ! what ind of sports do you play i love tennis a lot
i love soccer i played in middle school
i was a lifeguard when i was in middle school
i love swimming i love the water
my first love is traveling . i love it so much
with what is going on in this world i am scared to go any where
i understand . so i just went to the chain smokers concert . i love hem
i think it is sad what happen in las vegas
i feel the same way
its crazy all those people lost there lifes for no reason
sorry its how sad this world is
it is i don't feel safe taken my kids out on halloween
your going to make me cry . don't feel that way
persona
i own my own business.
my favorite food is sushi.
i have a timeshare in mexico.
my favorite tv show is friends.
persona II
my dad worked for home depot.
i'm a teacher.
i like to work puzzles.
i love country music.
dialogue
hello how are you today
i'm great , relaxing and watching friends . you ?
just grading some papers , and listening to country music
sounds fun ! are you a teacher ?
i'm , i teach 5th grade though my dad does not approve
oh no ! that's awful . is he strict ?
no he works at home depot and would like me to do the same
that would be rough to deal with . i own my business my parents hate it
why would they hate that you must make a lot of money
i do okay . it is a lot of travel so they miss me
where do you travel to ?
usually mexico and sometimes canada . do you travel much ?
i do not get to since i'm busy working puzzles
that sounds like a fun hobby !
persona
i visit india often.
i'm an athlete.
i want to be an explorer.
my favorite color is blue.
persona II
i smell like french fries.
i just got a new sweater.
i also eat too much french fries.
i can t do math.
dialogue
hello ! what are you up to this afternoon ?
just packing for my trip to india . what are you doing ?
i went to the mall to get a sweater and some french fries
yum . i miss eating french fries . you like shopping ?
i mostly just like eating french fries . but now i smell like them .
yikes . with being an athlete i don't get to eat fatty foods .
i tried to count calories once but i literally cannot do math
it can be tough . got to stay strong though .
i couldn't figure it out . math is just to hard .
i use a lot of math when i am out exploring .
what kind of exploring do you do ?
all different . i like to go to india and explore everything .
wow i have never been to india
i am fortunate to go often . leaving tomorrow actually .
have a wonderful trip . i will be eating more french fries tomorrow
i will be thinking about them . haha
persona
i live a lie.
i won a lottery 6 years ago but nobody knows.
i paint organic scenes with pretty trees.
i'm a painter.
persona II
i collect seashells.
i have a son.
i am a yoga instructor.
i love horses.
i have two chiuahuahs.
dialogue
hello ! i just got in from collecting seashells . how are you ?
i am good . hope you are well . i am a painter and you ?
i teach yoga . it allows me more time with my son . do you have any pets ?
no , i don't have any pets . in fact i'm living an lie .
really what is your lie ?
6 years ago , i won the lottery and nobody knows .
the lottery , how cool ! i'd buy horses if i won . i am crazy about horses .
they are indeed beautiful . i am a painter .
what do you paint ? i'd like to have my two chihuahuas painted .
i mainly paint organic sense but i'd definitely be able to paint your dogs .
that sounds awesome . you could maybe paint some of my seashell collection too . nice chatting with you .
i was actually thinking that when you first mentioned it .
persona
i cut down trees very fast , because i've a large ax.
i love to cut down trees.
i am a lumberjack.
i love to fish.
i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
persona II
i live in ahuge mansion.
i make 35 million a year.
i'm a professional basketball player.
i play for the washington wizards.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
good thanks ! just finished cutting down a tree as fast as i could with my huge ax !
it is kind a sad living alone in a big mansion .
sorry . what kind of work do you do ? what do you eat ?
have you heard of washington wizards ?
no , i cut trees for a living and don't watch television . i do fish though !
i played for that team , as a basketball player
wonderful . do you eat pancakes with syrup ? i could make some for you . i eat it daily !
though i make over 34 million annually , it s still sad
what is sad ? would you like to quickly cut trees down ? i can share my huge ax
wow , that s very nice of you . i'd love to
and i will make you my daily special pancakes with syrup !
how many trees you cut daily . you re hard working
i cut down at least 100 trees between fishing trips !
persona
i like to go for bike rides.
i'm a vegan.
i like the guitar.
i like music.
persona II
i'm a georgia resident.
i like nfl and college football.
i play in a nfl fantasy football league.
i love to read fiction books.
my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.
dialogue
hey , did you catch the football games this weekend ?
nope , i am not really into football .
that's sad i love it ! college , pro , anything
i'm more into music . what do you like to listen to ?
i'm not picky on music , just whatever is on the radio
i've always wanted to play the guitar . can you play any instruments ?
no i don't play anything . i've never been very artistic
me either . although i do love to cook . i make some awesome vegan food .
that's cool . i live in the south so that's not very popular here
well , at least veganism is getting more and more popular everyday !
that's very true . i only cook snack food like tailgate dips and burgers
those definitely pair well with the football games you love to watch !
i do enjoy other things too , like reading .
that is good . do you have any favorite authors ?
persona
my favorite band is a fine frenzy.
i like chicken nuggets.
i love reading.
i love animals.
i work at a hotel.
persona II
my favorite band is up.
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
dialogue
hi , i'm eating french fries . . . my favorite thing , how are you ?
i'm good how are you i like french fries but i love chicken nuggets
i'm listening to up , i love them !
you like i love fine frenzy
so , i have this bike , that i pedal with my hands , i love it .
you like bikes i enjoy reading and playing with animals
that is awesome , but i mostly like to eat french fries
i have a job at a hotel what do you do
i work at a taco place
i love tacos and animals
i love tacos and french fries
i like tacos french fries and chicken nuggets
persona
i'm a professional basketball player.
i went to college in maryland.
i live in huge mansion.
i play for the washington wizards.
persona II
i enjoy ice cream.
i'm 50 years old.
my husband just decided to leave me.
we have 4 children and 2 dogs.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i'm good thanks for asking
what do you do for work ?
i play sports for a living
which sports do you play then
i play basketball . u play ?
no do you like ice cream
yes i like rocky road
cool how old are you eh
i am 36 what about you ?
i am 50 that's wild do you have pets
no i do not , do you ?
yeah i've two dogs woof
what are your dogs names ?
persona
i work on trucks.
i have a doberman.
i am twenty five years old.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i am a fisherman.
i love tuna.
my favorite is rock fish.
i live in cape hatteras.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing good just taking a break from working on trucks
awesome i work on a fishing boat
you need a good truck to get that boat on the water !
you would need a semi for mine it is a big deal to dry dock
oh , i love working on semi trucks . you have any pets ?
yeah two dogs . what part of the country are you from ?
neat , my dog is a doberman ! ! i'm from the north , you ?
i have two huskies i live near cape hatteras
wow , they have good pizza there ?
yeah . we have amazing seafood too
seafood pizza ! ! sounds great . how old are you ?
i am 40 how about you ?
i am 27 . what else do you enjoy ?
persona
i love disney movies.
i am on a competitive dance team.
i love to dance.
ariel is my favorite princess.
i'm in high school.
persona II
at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
i have borderline personality disorder.
it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.
dialogue
hi let us get to know to each other
what do you like to do ? i love disney movies and dancing .
i like disney too . i bet i know more trivia than you
i bet you don't . who is your favorite ?
no really i'm the disney expert . i love the princesses
ariel has always been my favorite .
whatever . you are trying to out do me . it won't work
i dance for a competitive dance team .
everything does not have to be about you . i dance in clubs all the time
why not ? i'm that cool .
i do not think we can be friends you are too self centered
i am probably too cool for you anyway .
i doubt it . my work is in the best part of atlanta . i know celebrities
knowing celebrities doesn't make you cool .
says the one of us who does not know anyone famous
that you know about haha .
persona
i hope to move out soon.
i have a cat.
i've depression and anxiety so i do not really go out a lot.
i work at home , editing.
i live at home with my dad and brother.
persona II
my parents pay my rent.
i like to shop.
i am a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.
i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.
dialogue
hello . i am in graduate school . what are you doing with your life ?
i do some editing , and hang out with my cat .
i like cats and dogs . i like all animals . that's why i am vegan now .
ah . i have been meaning to try a vegan diet for a long time .
i do let myself eat fish .
i live with my dad and brother who are serious meat and potato people .
my family eats that way as well . they do not approve of veganism .
that must be hard . i want to move away soon . i will try then .
i do eat fish as i said . i love it . sushi is great .
i do not really like fish . watching river monsters made me not want to eat them .
i've never seen that or even heard of it .
its a show about a man who hunts strange fish .
sounds interesting . maybe i will find it .
it is very cool , and i like watching adventures , while i am at home on my couch .
persona
i work graveyard in a hotel.
my favorite actor is robert deniro.
i love the snow.
i m saving for college.
i like to surf every chance i get.
persona II
my boyfriend is in the army.
my hair is short.
i play piano.
my favorite color is yellow.
my father is dead.
dialogue
hey there ! hows it going tonight ?
going to church or knots landing
that sounds fun . its a hard night for me . its been a year since my dad died .
i'm so sorry . wear pink socks !
haha pink ? what about yellow ? that's my favorite color . its so happy
nono no yellow is for bees
i guess i could do army green since my boyfriends in the army ! lol
oh i know , how about fire socks
you really like socks huh ? lol what do you like to do ?
color my cat blue or pink
that is . . . . interesting . poor cat . i like playing instruments . mostly piano .
i think were alone now
hmmmm . . . . . youre quite the character i see .
i am just a kid from the world
so what do you look like kid from the world ?
i am beautiful , like a bird
persona
my children are mostly grown.
i've a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
i live in a small city.
i like to cook.
i like gardening.
persona II
i am in high school apart of the school band.
my mom is my favorite person of all people.
i've to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.
i love watching grey s anatomy.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
i'm great . both my pets are sick though !
sorry to hear that try watching greys anatomy
haha . felix is my cat , and emmy is my small terrier .
they sound cute i'd love to see them
come over . i live in mount pleasant . its a small city .
ok i will be right there i'm up the street
cool . i'd like the company . no kids around ; they are mostly grown up now .
i am in the school band
nice . i like cooking and gardening .
that sounds nice i'll come help
that would be nice . where are you from ?
ohio i have to stay on task to stay right mentally
i understand . life can be hard .
persona
at all times , i am wearing something black.
i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.
my dog is my best friend.
i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
i am terrified of spiders , but love snakes.
persona II
i m a mom with two sons and a husband.
since my dog died i m incomplete.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i live in a house with a yard.
dialogue
hi how are you , i'm a bit blue , my dog just died .
so sorry to hear that . my best friend is my dog .
my husband and two sons are helping me not feel so incomplete without my dog .
do you like any other animals ? i love snakes but am scared of spiders .
i like cats , my house and yard look empty without the dog . no snakes for me .
i always wear the color black , even to work . do you work ?
yes , i am an artist , i look for inspiration in everyday things in the world .
i work in it as a computer tech but really hate it .
it work would bore me . black is actually a great color , makes you look skinny .
black is my favorite . i always wear it .
i'm a blue and purple person myself . what is your favorite food ?
i like everything . i like to have a cup of chai tea at night before bed .
cooking inspiring , my parents helped me learn to look for unique ways of fulfillment .
interesting . what is your favorite thing to cook ?
mexican , lots of flavors to infuse .
sounds delicious ! i drink my cup of chai every night to relax before bed .
persona
i love cats.
i'm a woman.
i like crocheting.
i'm married to a man.
i've five children.
persona II
i like to go to the casino on weekends.
i'm a financial analyst for a brewery.
i've been married for 6 years.
i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.
dialogue
hello , what types of things do you like to do on the weekends ?
hi i crochet and spend time with my husband and kids
that sounds fun . how long have you been married ? 6 years strong , here .
been married 10 years and have 5 kids
wow , that is lovely . do you like to travel at all ?
no i wish but my husband has to work a lot
that is too bad . i've been all over europe and asia , myself .
what was your favorite place to visit
probably europe . i went to seven different countries while i was there .
wow that must have been fun
i liked it a lot . what do you do as a profession ?
i stay at home now but i did work in a doctors office
that must have been fun . i analyze finances at a brewery in my hometown .
that sounds intense is it stressful at times
definitely , i like to blow off steam at the casino on the weekends .
do you have any pets
persona
i live on a lake.
i hate school.
i'm a average american youth.
i fell in love this summer.
persona II
my mother is a teacher in the city.
i work out daily.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i play the bass guitar.
i like to go out fishing.
dialogue
how are you ? i am working on some bass lines for my band
that is cool . i know a girl a school who wants to sing in a band .
maybe my mother is her teacher . what school does she go to ?
the local high school . i hope your mom doesn't teach there , it sucks .
her school is in the inner city . tough school
not my school , then . we are out in the country , by the lake .
i go fishing out at the lake .
i live right next to it ! maybe i've seen your boat out there .
maybe ! i bring cheeseburgers and my bandmates to jam out at the lake
i should tell my friend who likes to sing , maybe she can join you
that would be good tomorrow after i work out i will go up there
i cannot wait to call her , tomorrow sounds like fun . we met at the lake .
good . i work out everyday so i will have to do that first .
maybe i should work out . then she would like me more .
yes that certainly always helps . i know i can be bribed with cheeseburgers
i will see what food my parents have in the fridge and bring it
persona
i like to swim.
my favorite show is thevoice.
i like to read.
i'm blue and tall.
i work for the navy.
persona II
my twin brother and i share an apartment.
i volunteer at the local humane society.
one day i would really like to skydive.
i m a drummer in an indie band.
dialogue
how are you doing today
great , how are you ? ? what do you like doing ?
i love thrills and chills
i absolutely love swimming reading ! thrills chills are cool .
what other sports do you like
hockey ! do you have a favorite tv show ?
i like to watch music shows
like what ? the voice is totally my favorite show , is that lame ?
i like more vh1 kind of things
what do you do for work ? i am an office in the navy .
i do a lot of volunteer work
you tall or short ? i am tall ! weird , what color is your skin ? i am blue
i'm normal size with a thick beard
i like beards , very sexy
my wife thinks so too
i bet she does ! lucky lady !
persona
i have blonde hair.
my mother was a weightlifter.
i love money.
i've brown eyes.
my feet smell.
persona II
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i'm currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
i would also like to study abroad in spain.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
dialogue
hi
hey , hows it going ?
good . . . what do you do ?
well , not much , just something to make money . i'm all about that green !
do you work ?
yeah , but it doesn't really feel like work .
what do you do ?
i translate and edit academic documents , but my mom was a weightlifter .
i am a college student
college was hard for me because of my stinky feet .
lol
but i'm also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance .
are you married ?
nah . husbands are expensive , and i am into keeping my moola .
haha
what about you ? are you married or single ?
persona
my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.
my mom is the best baker in my family.
i have two children but i'm divorced.
i'm a hindu living in louisiana.
persona II
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i love to crochet.
i own a hearse.
i like alternative rock.
dialogue
hey there , halloween freak here how are you ?
i am great , just baking with my mom she's amazing at it !
what does she like to cook ?
she loves baking cakes , where do you live ?
i am in california , you ?
currently in louisiana , it is a nice hindu community here .
that's awesome what do you like to do ?
i like to watch movies , mostly older ones though , you ?
i enjoy crochet and alternative rock music .
what is your favorite band ?
beastie boys , what kind of car do you have ?
i don't drive actually , my 2 children do , they are both 16 !
ha ha ! i drive a hearse , oh the looks i get .
oh my that must be hard to handle , my ex husband drove a hearse as well .
mine is all decked out . i channel abby from ncis .
you are creative , his was just all blacked out , we should hangout sometime !
persona
my favorite genre of music is rock.
my grandpa was in wwii.
my favorite food is steak.
i don't know how to swim.
i own a chevy tahoe.
persona II
i like long walks on the beach.
i enjoy home cooked meals.
my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
my favorite music genre is pop.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
what is your favorite color mine is blue ?
i did not have time to get a favorite color because i was fighting in wwii
what music do you listen to ? i like pop
i love rock and roll . do you have a favorite food ?
homemade liver and onions
hey , i like you . you want to take a ride with me in my chevy tahoe ?
would rather take a walk on the beach
oh , i do not know how to swim .
then how about watching the game of thrones
that stuff triggers my ptsd
sorry to hear that
its ok , sonny , its ok .
persona
i dream of playing music for a living.
both my parents are creative.
my dad works in the automotive industry.
mom in telecommunications.
persona II
i drive an suv.
i've 3 dogs.
i've a vacation home in the mountains.
i have 3 children.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing ?
i am good , how are you tonight ?
i am good , probably going to bed here shortly . long day .
me too , i am listening to some music , relaxing
that sounds nice , i used some aromatherapy lotion to relax .
oh i love those , my mom gave me some for my birthday
the smell is so calming , i love it . its one of the little things
so what do you do for a living
i work in the safety department at a prison . what about you ?
my mom just got me on at her telecommunications company , pretty boring
a job is a job . i've 3 kids , also 3 big dogs , i stay busy .
true , my dream is to be a singer , so every night i am playing my guitar
persona
i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.
my favorite show is tom and jerry.
i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.
my name is jovannie and i m 19.
persona II
i love going fishing.
i am single.
i love rap music.
i talk to my mom on the phone every day.
dialogue
hi how are you today
i am good . hope you are well .
yeah i am thanks . i might go fishing its my favorite thing to do
i really like seafood , pizza , and barbecue
i like those foods too ! what kind of music do you like
i like rock music . i live next door to miley
that is sweet that she lives right next to you ! i like rap music
i'm different i like to hear noise it helps me go to sleep
i cannot listen to music and sleep no matter what kind it is .
i like to hear all my friends playing . i will snore thru all of it .
lol i think snoring is why i do not have a girlfriend right now
i am too young to be settled down . i love being single !
yeah i just have to get use to it again
i understand . enjoy your time . it flies i'm almost going to be 21
persona
anyways i decided to give it a try and participaed in an audition for a talent show.
my shyness made me panick and i didn t show up.
until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
i was accepted to participate.
persona II
i run a small bakery.
my husband works for the government.
i have a son.
i love to laugh.
dialogue
hey hows it going tonight ?
anything new happen to you this week ?
i made a huge wedding cake at my bakery for my son !
wow that's amazing ! when is his wedding ?
sunday ! so what do you do ?
i am still a student and i am working on something big right now .
oh awesome ! sounds secretive ! being a student was so fun !
it is not too secretive , it is a talent shoe that i was accepted for .
whats your talent ? ! hopefully a comedy show because laughing is my favorite !
trust me i'm not that funny . it is singing though , friends encouraged me .
my husband used to sing when we were younger ! now he's a government worker lol
so is your husband as excited as you are for your sons wedding ?
oh you know how men are . they do not get excited like women do .
not surprised . what kind of cake is he having ? had some amazing wedding cake last month .
persona
as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
i have perfect pitch.
i've a severe phobia of wide open spaces.
i've been published in the new yorker magazine.
i'm a gourmet cook.
persona II
i like basketball.
i work many hours.
my favorite band is imagine dragons.
i m from texas.
dialogue
hi ! jane here . who do i have the pleasure of speaking with ?
hello , i'm jessica . nice to meet you .
you too ! so who is your favorite band ? mine is imagine dragons !
my favorite band is the beatles .
old school . interesting . due to my long work hours main entertainment is music .
what do you do for work ? i am a writer and also a gourmet cook .
traveling nurse in texas . so lots of hours driving hence the listening to music .
being a nurse is a good job .
love it ! like cooking as well but i'm no where near a gourmet .
i can cook anything but when it comes to baking i'm not so good .
i used to bake . now no time . try to catch a basketball game when i can .
i'm not really into sports . i'll watch football every once in a while .
i wish i had time to learn to cook like you do . someday maybe !
it is very relaxing to me .
persona
i volunteer with dogs.
i am a graduate student.
i'm always early.
persona II
i've been a vegan since i was 5.
i have two brothers.
i believe in love at first sight.
i love to sleep in.
dialogue
hi
hi , great , so why were you late ?
i was sleeping in . does that bother you ?
what ? yes ! we need to be more on top of it .
i know , i know . did i make a good first impression ?
no . you need to be 15 mins early minimum . ok ? ? ?
are you in the u . s . navy ? i wouldn't be surprised , captain !
haha . samuel is better today .
ok , good . i am a vegan . are you ?
org . you think i'd volunteer at the animal shelter and not be vegan ?
wow , you seem like a great person . you are making a believer out of me !
whatever . samuel didn't bite trisha , so i think we can house them together . . .
i think so too . they might just fall in love !
well , it would be harder to adopt them to someone . but , if that is what you like . . .
i do . i am falling in love with you .
i am too busy , you know that . my kid .
persona
i love nighttime.
my favorite food is pizza.
i'm an artist.
i have a cat named charlie.
i just bought new hoop earrings.
persona II
i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments.
if i want it , i buy it.
i sometimes think i'm shallow.
i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm doing really well , how about you ?
good , i am on my porch listening to my neighbors fight again .
uh oh , do they fight often ?
yeah , super interesting to listen to haha .
you don't need to call the cops on them , do you ?
no , anyways do you have pets ? i really want a puppy !
i've a cat , his name is charlie . what would you name your puppy ?
mr . pickles , but it might be too much work and expensive .
yeah , puppies are a big commitment !
org i just saw a really cute shirt ! super expensive but whatever i want it !
i just bought some new hoop earrings but they were inexpensive .
looks matter ! you look better with expensive things !
i don't really worry about my looks , i am an artist .
persona
i love hockey.
i have a younger sibling.
i studied business as my major.
my befriend is from out of town.
persona II
i'm easily agitated.
i just took a trip to london.
i love to watch game shows.
i am very religious.
i hate green beans.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
doing great ! just got home from visting my best friend out of town
that's so nice i love trips with friends
i took the trip with my younger sister
that is nice i just took my mom to london
that sounds great ! i took a trip there for my business major
that's cool what do you like to watch on tv
hockey is my favorite sport and i love watching it . you ?
i watch game shows but i get mad when my contestants lose
so you must be very competitive
i'm do you go to church
yes how about you ? do you go to church ?
persona
my favourite colour is green.
my dog is called alfred.
i can play the piano.
i'm a baseball player.
i like to read books about chinese history.
persona II
i enjoy watching football and hockey games.
i love to read.
i'm a proofreader for a greeting card company.
my favorite movie is goodfellas.
dialogue
how are you this morning ?
what baseball team do you play for
i'm not a baseball player but i do like watching football and hockey
i'm doing ok and you
so do you play baseball
what is your favorite team
for football is the denver broncos
yes i like to play base ball
what team do you like ?
i like steelers and seahawks
i've a friend who is a steelers fan
that is cool they will not today i think your team placed the ravens
no they play the chargers
oh my brother loves the ravens i hate them even know i'm from md
i only know about the ravens because michael orr played for them
cool there not much to know other then they suck
persona
i like to draw other people.
i like to drink tea.
i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
i like to mountain bike.
i love people with a sense of humor.
persona II
i can play the piano.
i love to sing.
i'm a dancer.
i am a night owl.
dialogue
hello hope you are having a great day . i am tired because i stayed up late
good morning you should drink some tea i love it
i should drink some tea . i may play my piano later
i like to draw people and see how they like it
that sounds fun . i enjoy singing and dancing
i love people that funny love a great sense of humor
i do too . humor is important in life
love to laugh i enjoy mountain bike
i like to mountain bike too . do you go often ?
my mom think i am weird because i love eat hard boiled eggs
hard boiled eggs are good . do you eat alot of them
totally that is what i said and like 1 2 a day
i like pickled eggs . have you tried them ?
yes i've and they're to die for
what else do you eat ?
see i'm not that weird after all
persona
i was raised by two mothers.
i can be quite forgetful.
i'm not afraid of what others think.
my boyfriend works for nasa.
persona II
i love iced tea.
i m terrified of heights.
i believe that mermaids are real.
i have four sisters.
my mom is my best friend.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hi i'm doing pretty good how are you
i'm great . my mom is on her way here .
that is great ! i have 2 moms both took care of me
that's nice to have family
yes families always stick together .
mine certainly does . i love them .
what do you do for a living
i work with computers and games
that sounds fun . i am a stay at home girlfriend . my boyfriend is a nasa engineer
does he like his job
he loves it long hours but he enjoys it
it sounds like work to me
yeah but he is smart . i'm to forgetful to do it
you are forgetful about what
i forget everything pretty much
persona
i work in accounting.
i lease my car.
i am male.
i have two dogs.
i like potatoes.
persona II
my favorite drink is pepsi.
hotdogs are my favorite food.
i like reading horror novels.
i work as a librarian.
my weekends are filled with bird watching.
dialogue
hi there ! i am a librarian , what about you ?
how long have you been a librarian ? i am an accountant .
about ten years . i love to read , especially horror , so i became a librarian .
that's the last genre i would think a librarian would be into . kudos to you !
haha , yeah i am weird . so , have any hobbies ? i like bird watching .
this is strange , but i love potatoes . i host a potatoe growing contest .
that is strange , lol . i prefer simple things like hot dogs and pepsi .
potatoes are simple necessary , haha . i also love playing with my 2 dogs .
well potatoes are delicious . what kind of dogs ?
german shepard . they keep me busy .
i can imagine . i have been thinking about getting a pet bird .
you should . i got a hamster once never again . boringest pet ever .
persona
i watch south park at least once a day.
my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.
my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.
i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
persona II
i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.
my favorite thing to do is sleep.
i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hello how are you ? i'm well
i am good do you work
i do not currently . though my job i dream of is being a baseball announcer
work on a cool echo voice then
that's my current goal . my fiancee gets so annoyed . are you married ?
why does she get annoyed ? she should help
that is what i tell him .
true do you like food
i do like food , though to live .
oh so nothing fancy then
no nothing fancy . i eat to live .
i see do you like music
i do my favorite band avenged sevenfold
persona
i want to be a movie director when i grow up.
i really enjoy making friends.
i play the trumpet.
my dad and i own over 600 movies.
i am in my high school band.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i decided to quick my job and travel for a couple of months.
i'm an engineer.
i love to dance salsa.
i'm currently working on a project that involves bitcoins.
dialogue
hi there . how are you this afternoon ?
it is great ! how about you ?
good thanks . just eating pizza , its my fave .
i love that too , could you share ?
you could come over . we will salsa dance and eat pizza .
that could be great ! i love making new friends !
me too . i'm in engineering so i work a lot .
i'm not working yet , but i play some trumpet , even in my high school band
i am trying to involve bitcoin in my new project .
invalid word in your message i am , please correct the spell
my new project uses bitcoin .
what is bitcoin ? i am not very much of a internet tech person
it is an internet crypto currency .
sounds interesting , but i'd rather hard cash
i'm going to quit soon and travel for a while .
i plan on the same . to follow my movie director childhood career wish
persona
i like to shop at goodwill.
i m from california.
i think recycling is important.
i m a student.
i like to be outdoors.
persona II
i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
my mother met elvis.
i like cartoons more than movies.
i moved out when i was 14.
i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i am great ! i am at home here in l . a . where are you from ?
i am in hawaii . it is gorgeous
that would be beautiful . i love the outdoors . hawaii has so much nature .
the food is amazing . i moved out when i was young .
i want to get there eventually .
the water is my home . i feel like a mermaid .
i do live near the beach . but no water in my home .
i love drawing and watching cartoons
i learned about how important recycling is to the environment in my class yesterday .
i like when someone reads me a book
any particular books you like ?
i guess it just depends on my mood
i enjoy stephen king a lot .
persona
i've a brown belt in karate.
i live with my paps and grandma.
paps likes to go mushroom hunting.
grandma makes jewelry.
i sing in the school chorus.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i like to role play.
i don't like animals.
i am a morning person.
i love cars.
dialogue
hello how are you doing this evening ?
i'm doing good thanks for asking
that is good . what do you do for work ?
i go to school here in cali
that is good . what is your major ?
i'm thinking of changing majors
oh ok nothing wrong with that . i've my degree in nursing
i couldn't do that i hate blood
oh ok . do you have any pets ?
yes i've two dogs
cool . what kind of dogs do you have ?
i've a shar pei and shih tzu
cool . i have a shih tzu as well
is it a boy or a girl ?
persona
i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.
in the evenings i watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
i work in a corner grocery store during the day.
i draw comic books.
my favorite show is scooby doo.
persona II
i want to become an author.
after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.
i m a profesional translator.
i m currently unemployed so i've time to write.
dialogue
hello . what is your career ?
i work at a grocery store and as a doorman at a punk club
okay . i am a translator . a professional translator . but i quit .
i understand . you need to do what is best for you
exactly . and since i'm unemployed , i have enough time to write .
writing is fun . i like to make comic books
cool . my dream is to become an author . i was not passionate about translator .
i understand , i do not like my day jobs either
we have to keep pushing through though . we can do it !
i think that's a great attitude
yes it is . we will get to the finish line .
yep . what is your favorite beverage ?
i love lemonade . it is so delicious .
lemonade is great but my favorite is dr pepper
persona
i like fantasizing.
i like getting packages in the mail.
i love christmas.
i have a daughter.
i wish magic was real.
persona II
i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
dialogue
hello , how are you today ?
i am well , thanks ! how are you ?
i'm good . just waiting to go snorkeling .
that sounds like fun ! i'm waiting for a package to arrive in the mail .
what kind of package ? is it a gary numan cd ?
it is a new book . i love getting packages in the mail .
what brand of device are you using
an hp i got for christmas , my favorite holiday . i love the magic in the air .
if it isn't apple then it sucks
my daughter likes apple . i personally don't see the appeal .
better than anything . . except chasing komodo lizards on a private island
that is quite the fantasy ! i love fantasizing that i am a wizard saving a city .
it is not a fantasy it is my reality . that is cool
i wish it could be my reality .
persona
i've a friend group , but i don't like any of them.
but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
i coexist well with my husband.
i'm a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
persona II
i'm a mom with two sons and a husband.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
since my dog died i am incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
dialogue
hello there . my name is sarah . how are you doing today ?
pretty good , cassie here . got a couple boys in high school . crazy huh ?
my two sons are a piece of work as well . thank god for my husband
yeah , i my hubby makes my life easier too . life is different than before them .
i hear you . life is incomplete ever since my dog passed .
oh , that is sad i know how that feels when you lose something . i feel lost lately
i am so sorry . painting has been my outlet lately .
me too , i need more friends like you . most of friends are a bit of a bore .
vice versa ! the world is my inspiration is what my parents instilled in me
i've not seen my parents in 20 some years , i am 53 . life moves quickly .
life is too short ! carpe diem !
i like you . . . i'm going to have to look that one up .
thank you ! need to appreciate and never take life for granted
i guess that makes sense , maybe i need to find myself again .
persona
i'm on a low carb diet.
i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.
i am a huge fan of classical jazz.
i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.
i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.
persona II
i love flowers.
i have 2 kids.
i have 3 dog.
i work at a vet.
dialogue
i work for a vet . a client sent flowers , which i love .
how sweet . i am trying to get to hollywood .
my two children love to watch movies . too much , i think .
have they seen will ferrell ? i just had lunch with him .
yes . did he make a dog movie ? i've 3 who get free care .
i did not ask . i had to eat low carb as i am on a diet .
so what else is going on ? what else do you like ?
i love classical jazz . i listen to it while practicing my modeling poses .
i'm fond of jazz . i presently am trying to memorize the names of songs !
that's a good endeavor . i'm still recovering my strength after a bout with urinary cancer .
glad to hear that you are recovering . do you exercise ?
i'll after i feel better . i was only 18 when it happened .
sounds terrible . the vet i work with did research about that disease for people .
i think it is harder for us guys .
persona
i like to garden.
i love the outdoors.
i'm tall.
i like to travel.
persona II
i obsess over working out and being the best.
i got a scholarship for playing soccer.
i try to eat healthy or i don t eat at all.
i want people to think i m cool.
dialogue
hey i'm jeff and my favorite sport is soccer , how are you ?
hello , i'm mia . you can find me in the garden , when i'm not traveling .
most people think i'm pretty cool to be honest , where do you travel ?
mainly to national parks , surf spots , etc . i like to be outside .
surf spots are nice , i generally just workout 5 days a week so no time to travel .
i am very tall , so it is hard to do most workouts other than run .
what kind of food do you like ?
seafood and fruit . what do you like ?
i like both of those , i am a bit of a health nut with food actually .
i do like chocolate , and tiramisu .
where are you from ? we should hangout sometime .
i'm in from ohio , currently i'm in france .
do you like soccer ? i played in france once , beautiful city .
i do like playing it . france is so lovely .
have you visited the eiffel tower ?
i've , twice . it is very lovely .
persona
my favorite food is pizza.
i am an artist.
i love nighttime.
i've a cat named charlie.
persona II
i can play the violin.
i want to have two kids.
i'm from georgia.
i cannot sing very well.
i love chocolate.
dialogue
hello how are you today , i just came in from taking my 2 girls to the mall
hello , i'm good . how are you ?
i am pretty good the weather is good here in georgia , where are you from ?
me and my cat charlie are in the mist of irma in florida .
oh wow that's not good
no it is not . i'm scared a night and i used to like nighttime a lot .
that is scary what do you do for a living ?
i am a artist . what do you do ?
i'm a musician the violin is what i play
cool , i play the flute . i like italian food and pizza is my favorite . whats yours ?
i really like chocolate candy
chocolate is some good candy , i'm allergic though .
persona
i love wearing flip flops.
i like to bake brownies.
i love laughing.
i have freckles.
persona II
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i only date people taller than me.
i like free diving.
i wish i could live forever.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm good and you
doing well . any big plans for today ?
i'm going to make some brownies
sounds delicious . where are you from ?
i'm from the great us of a
me too . play any sports ?
i do not but i love sandals
like flip flops ? i need a new pair
yeah they are great for toes
i just end up stubbing my toes , but they're great for the pool and diving
do you like funny things
yeah i like stand up comedians
laughing is totally the best yeah
my cat beats up on my small dog which is pretty funny
wow that's not good for dog
persona
i love winning.
i love sunny days.
coffee is important to me.
i can tell right away if i m going to like someone.
persona II
i once started a forest fire in california.
i was the first test child for sesame street.
i speak six languages.
i always carry an edged weapon.
i work on the radio as a character voice.
dialogue
how are you doing today ?
i won a game of golf today so i'm good . winning is awesome
i just realized i've so many interesting stuffs about me
i can usually tell if i am going to like somebody right away
that s pretty awesome ! just done with my radio job as a voice
coffee is important for my golf game
would you like someone who can use six languages
that would be cool and smart .
coz i can use do that . but i've edged weapons
edged weapons can be dangerous . be careful not to have too much coffee
the first child for test in sesame street , i was that !
oh so you like sunny days too . i think that was in sesame streets theme
i was careful until the fire in the forest in california
gotta love those sunny days in california . like a thing of the past these days
persona
i work in fast food.
i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.
i always wear something purple.
persona II
i work for the railroad.
i'm an omnivore.
i really like watching star trek.
my favorite band is vnv nation.
i like eating pretzels.
dialogue
hello there got a day off from my railroad job .
oh cool . why did you take the day off ?
i'm going to binge on star trek i love me some star trek
i'm more of a star wars fan . what i really love is mortal kombat .
i used to listen to vnv nation my favorite band while playing
listen to it while playing what exactly ?
mortal kombat a bowl of pretzels and some game time is great
what is your favorite mortal kombat character ? mine is mileena
mine too but i like a lot of different ones
so , did you use to play any other video games ?
lots of them i like everything that's why omnivore is my choice
i'm a vegetarian . i can not imagine why anyone would eat meat .
well it is delicious but i respect your decision
everyone should make this decision it isn't about taste .
persona
i am a carnivore.
my only friend is a dog.
my father used to be a butcher.
i'm highly educated.
i work at a newspaper.
persona II
my favorite food is meatloaf.
my car is green and smells weird.
my dogs name is toto.
my favorite band used to be toto.
my grandma is from denmark.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ? i've a dog named toto
hello . my dog is sirius , he's my best pal .
that's a nice name , i named mine after my ex favourite band toto
i named mine after the paper i work at
paper ? as in newspaper ?
yes , i am the editor . not bad for the daughter of a butcher .
not bad at all , do you have any hobbies ?
i like curing meats as well as hiking in exotic locales .
i like to make meatloaf that is my fave that is my hobby btw lol
i use alton browns recipe when i make mine . best one i've found .
who is alton brown ? i use my grandmothers recipe , she's from denmark
oh , look him up . he is very creative in the kitchen .
i'm usually not very creative in the kitchen , but will look him up
he is great . i think you'll like him .
persona
i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.
i kayak at the lake on weekends.
i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
persona II
i don t much like tv.
i love animals.
i love to walk in the woods.
i love to watch ted talks.
dialogue
hey there ! you watching tv ?
no , i am studying . do you like to kayak ?
not really . but i really like animals .
i like animals too . i do not have friends because i have moved so much
oh dear . i do not move much . i just like walking around in the woods .
i like the woods , but like kayaking on the lake better .
beats sitting on the couch at home watching tv .
i don't watch tv , because i study . my dad was in the navy
oh . so that is why you guys moved around so much ?
yes . i went to a lot of different schools in 12 years
sorry about that . where do you live now ?
near the lake . i want to be a special education teacher though
that's such a fulfilling career !
where do you live ? probably near one of the 16 schools i went to
i live very near washington , dc .
there's a lake near washington that i like to kayak on
persona
i have 2 beagles named chance and boomer.
i am afraid of spiders.
both of my parents are in the military.
my girlfriend lives in salt lake city.
persona II
i enjoy shopping.
i do yoga on tuesdays.
i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.
i work five days a week.
dialogue
trying to relax online a couple minutes after getting home from work
that's good . my girl is in salt lake city .
your girl is in slc ? is she lost or something ?
no she's out there with m y dogs , chance and boomer .
boomer is a funny name . my tues night yoga instructor is named boomer
that is interesting . is she afraid of spiders like i am ?
i ve never asked my yoga instructor about his fears .
well maybe you should . my parents serve the military btw .
nah , i like to spend my spare time working out and shopping , not gossiping
nah , i do not really understand what your trying to say .
is english your first language ?
why do you want to know ?
i m trying to understand why you didn t understand what i wrote .
i do not understand people with egos .
i ve got water polo practice now . it s but fun unlike some .
i am not sure what that is . i am sorry .
persona
i can do many celebrity impressions.
i can speak four languages fluently.
i work as a plumber.
i'm an award winning th member.
persona II
i need certain medications to live.
i like the band queens of the stone age.
i skydive frequently.
i like fast food too much.
i've won an olympic medal.
dialogue
hello . hows it going ?
its going great ! how are you ?
i am doing well . just chowing down on some mcdonald right now .
good quick meal for a weekend .
definitely ! do you have any plans this weekend ?
not too much really . just stay home . how about yourself ?
seeing queens of the stone age tomorrow . so excited ! what kind of music you like ?
i enjoy country and pop , mostly . i used to like the oldies when i was younger .
awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?
well , in summer i actually like to go to the county fairs around my area . you ?
i am a bit of an adrenaline junkie , so i skydive a lot .
that is way too crazy for me ! i'll stay on the ground . ha ha !
its an acquired taste , for sure . do you have any pets ?
not right now , but i had many growing up on a farm .
persona
i am a big sports fan.
i like to get involved in politics.
i have a brand new chevrolet.
i am looking to start a business.
i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.
persona II
i cannot stand salads.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
dialogue
hi , how are you ?
i'm good , hanging with a small party of family and friends , you ?
last week we celebrated our family party
that is good . i buy my new truck last week . a chevy .
good , congrats
you ready for football to start this weekend ? i'm a huge sports fan . been waiting .
yes , i also very good football fan
i've actually been considering starting my own business around the idea . like a sports bar .
very good , all the best
what about you ? any plans for the future ? politics maybe ?
i have to drop out of college to help with my grandparents .
its great to care for your elders . i would love to be able to get involved in politics .
persona
my grandparents are dead.
i love watching anime.
i ve a flower garden.
i owe two laptops.
i love chocolate.
persona II
my dad was a cop.
i like to water ski.
i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.
my favorite color is red.
i'm tall.
dialogue
i'll be giving water ski lessons if you are interested .
that sounds like a lot of fun . where ?
at boardwalk , i spend a lot of time in the water there . what do you do ?
i am a professional gamer
is there a lot of money in that ? the volunteer work i do does not pay much .
there's a lot of pay in it if you are good . volunteering is noble .
after my dad died i wanted to give back so i go to nursing homes .
that's a very noble profession
not like my dad , he served and protected . . . until they got the best of him .
why not go into the army then ?
with my height , i would be an easy target . i do not like guns either .
i am do not like guns either
all that green and gray does not go well with all the red i wear these days .
what is your favorite color ?
would have to be red . is there a lot of blood and gore in your games ?
occasionally . i'm good at shooter zombie games
persona
i really like technology.
my dog is smaller than my cat.
i only date people taller than me.
i like free diving.
persona II
i like to read.
i work at a school as an art teacher.
my girlfriend just broke up with me.
i cannot stand pizza.
i do not own a television.
dialogue
hey ! how is it going tonight ?
its well going on a date with a tall guy
that's awesome . sadly , my girlfriend left me , she said she needed a break .
i like to dive its cool
dive sounds great . i read alot , especially since i have no television .
i love technology it moves fast
technology is okay , i love art , i'm an art teacher .
really ? where at ? my dog so tiny my cat sooo fat lol
at since middle . i fe a large pizza to a cat once , i hate pizza .
what kind of art do you have
all types . i just love how relaxing it is to look at and to create .
cool draw me something an ship it too me ?
persona
i am the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my favorite band is u2.
my life s passion is designer french fries.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
persona II
green is my favorite color.
i enjoy playing tennis.
i love animals.
i'm an aspiring singer.
dialogue
wow , i just won my tennis game tonight , i feel great .
congrats ! i'm definitely not coordinated enough for tennis !
what do you do for fun ? i sing a lot .
ride bikes and concoct new types of french fries . . . you in a band ?
no , but i would love to sing professionally . mmm , love french fries .
me too . . . what is your favorite kind ? i like steak fries best
i live green french fries , i make them on st . patricks day .
fun ! i am thinking of trying to ale fries with meaty cheese inside !
you could make animal shapes fries . i'd like those .
kids would too , i bet ! fun idea ! what kind of music do you sing ?
usually love songs , but they'ren't getting me where i need to be , still struggling .
i've heard it is a tough business to break into . do you play any instruments ?
a little piano . maybe i should move to nashville or somewhere to get a break .
i live in a musical wasteland , really . might be a good move for you .
i am pretty stinky from my tennis game . i better go get in the shower .
well , keep singing and best of luck !
persona
i work as a barista.
my favorite flower is a rose.
i've a cat named jasper.
i am a vegan.
persona II
i shop online a lot.
i always think people are looking at me.
i care about the way i look when i am in public.
i think i am fabulous.
i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
dialogue
hello , how are you this evening ?
great ! i just had a wonderful vegan meal .
awesome ! i've been vegan for 17 years and i love it !
i love being vegan too ! the other baristas i work with are vegans too !
that is so awesome you get to work with other vegans !
what are your colleagues like ?
my colleagues are great , i work at a museum . do you like being a barista ?
after a while it becomes boring . . but i love coming back to my cat jasper !
nice ! i've a dog , his name is banjo .
banjo ! ahahah . . . i love the music from banjos
i love banjos . apparently they are a very hard instrument to play .
its better if i use my time to grow roses than play banjo .
persona
my father used to be a cop.
i am single.
i am a cyclist.
my favorite food is pizza.
persona II
i've freckles all over my face.
i was in the army.
i love to read romance novels.
i drive a prius.
i work in construction.
dialogue
hey there , what do you do for a living ?
how are you doing tonight
i'm good . just reading my romance novels . you ?
i'm a baker out of my house
nice . i used to be in the army , but now i do construction .
i am just watching 24 hrs
what is that about ?
that is cool i am a military brat
yeah i used to drive tanks , now i have been driving around in a prius .
that's cool i was going to join the usmc
marines are cool . i need to find work inside . i am getting too many freckles .
wow that is insane yes marines are cool
persona
i drive only toyota.
chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
i like pepsi.
superfans my favorite super hero.
persona II
i'm the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.
my favorite band is up.
my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.
i once fell up a whole flight of stairs.
my lifes passion is designer french fries.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing tonight ? what is your favorite food ?
i'm dong well you ? i have a sweet tooth so chocolate chip cookies .
i'm doing great , i make french friesz what do you think about desert fries ?
i love french fries , loaded fries with back and cheese . what are desert fries ?
well you just gave me the idea of a french fry with cookie taste
nice , just pair it with some pepsi and we have a match .
sounds good to me , i work in research at del taco , we might have something here
oh i could drive my toyota camry to you and we could make it together .
i normally ride a bike but as long as we listen to up i am good
no problem . who your favorite superhero ?
i do not really have one , i am too clumsy . i mean i've fallen up stairs before , lol
mines superman . falling up stairs now i hope you didn't get hurt .
superman is awesome , just a little hurt , that's why my bike is hand powered . why superman ?
speed reading and flight . top that off with xray vision and you you are almost unstoppable .
very true ! well that sounds great , i'm heading to bed so have a great night
you too have a good rest
persona
i ve flown out of the country.
i love hockey.
i studied business as my major.
my bestfriend is from out of town.
persona II
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i love to larp.
i am chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
dialogue
hello how are u my name is joe
hockey is my favorite sports , what is yours ?
i'm not into sports i'm too chubby for sports
i'm doing great , hi joe , what is your major ? mine is business
i'm a interior designer i love it
ok , do you work out ? my best friend isn't here , we can work out .
i like to larp in my free time i do not like the gym
do you spent most of the time sitting ? do you travel by air ?
i love sitting on the couch listening to insane clown posse
i travel by air to another country before .
i like to drive instead of fly
do you also eat chips sitting on the couch . you know , potato chips .
yes i like chips as long as there's dip
so do you go far with your car ?
no i like to stay close to home
that dip stuff can make people fat !
persona
i love the beach.
i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
i like to party.
i'm in college.
persona II
i run track.
i love video games.
i take medication.
i swim often.
i wear glasses all day.
dialogue
hello , where are you from ?
i'm from north carolina . i go to college there too .
i'm from new orleans . i finished college already . do you like amazon mechanical turk ?
most of the time . i wish pay was better .
i like it too . it does require a lot of time to make a lot of money .
what do you do ? i go to college .
i work in the video gaming industry . do you like video games ?
not really . i love to party .
oh , well i like that too . what else do you like to do ?
i like to go to the beach .
me too . i swim a lot . it is a good full body exercise .
yeah , i do too . i live near the beach .
are you male or female , by the way ?
i'm female , what about you ?
persona
i love dogs.
i like swimming.
my favorite band is korn.
i own a home.
my favorite color is purple.
persona II
my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.
i am an avid runner.
i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.
i live in canada , near ontario.
dialogue
hello . tell me about you .
i've a couple of big puppies , do you have pets ?
yes . i've four dogs and a cat and pigs
sounds like you live on a farm . i've purchased my housing .
that is good . i live close to ontario canada
do you have any favorite sports or hobbies ? i love the pool and lakes .
i love to run and watch basketball
do you have a favorite show or band . i love korn .
twice a year i run marathons
i'll just keep doing laps . running is not for me .
it is hard but worth it
my next big project is to paint my house purple , my favorite color .
oh that will be very pretty . i think i'll do the restraints
do you have a family ?
persona
i can beat anyone in chess.
i simply walk around when i have nothing to do.
i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
i've high speed internet.
persona II
i'm an only child.
my mother is a housemaid.
i like swimming.
i've traveled to europe and mexico.
i love spicy food.
dialogue
hi there ! how are you ?
i am pretty good . i've been bored all day so i've been walking around .
i am cooking some spice mexican food .
ooh yummy . i love mexican cuisine !
have you been to mexico ? i've , also to europe .
only australia . actually saw a solar eclipse there last time i went
cool ! i'd love to swim in australia oceans .
it is gorgeous there . a lot of crazy bugs though
i don't have any siblings but i used to collect ladybugs with friends .
haha that is cute ! any other hobbies ?
not really , i help a lot my mom when she's cleaning houses .
you should take up chess . i am great at it
nice ! but i will pass that .
haha afraid i will beat you like i do everyone else ?
persona
i live in a house.
i have a lot of friends.
i love dogs and cats.
my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.
i am ten years old.
persona II
i just got a new sweater.
i smell like french fries.
i also eat too much french fries.
i cannot do math.
it was too small.
dialogue
good morning ! just got off work what about you ?
hi ! i'm just playing at my house . i'm only ten years old
ten ? what are you doing up so early ? or up so late ?
my dogs and cats are keeping me awake but i love them anyway
the smell of french fries on me from work will keep me up .
that sounds yummy . my parents let me have french fries only sometimes
i eat too many . its because they are too small .
they seem big to me ! i share them with my lots of friends
how many friends you have ? i've many , but cannot count well .
everyone in my class ! my moms also the teacher
is she a math teacher .
yeah she can help you count better !
persona
my parents are in there 80s.
i'm only 5 foot tall.
i have 8 brothers and we are close.
my hair is as red as the sunset.
persona II
i was born 20 years ago.
i was born male and transitioned to female when i was 17.
i live in the usa.
my favorite color is blue.
i love pizza.
dialogue
hi there , how are you ?
i'm doing good thanks for asking
hi there , how are you ?
what do you do for a living ?
excellent . i'm just a student . i'm 20 . you ?
i'm a student as well .
awesome . are you male or female ?
i am a female . what about you ?
cool . i was born male but transitioned three years ago .
how accepting were your parents ?
they were very supportive . the u . s . is a good place for the surgery too .
are you going to have the surgery ?
i already had it when i was 17 ,
oh you did . . youre all complete now ?
persona
i m not afraid to die.
i secretly love my long deployments , because it gets me away from conventional life.
i'd be honored to give my life for my country.
i am an army ranger.
i have a wife and two kids back in the states.
persona II
i fell in love this summer.
i live on a lake.
i hate school.
i am a average american youth.
i enjoy summer walking and reading.
dialogue
hello , how is it going
hey there . i'm in kabul deployed as an army ranger .
i fell in love this past summer
congrats ! i have two little ones and a wife back stateside , and i miss them so much !
i live with my best friend on a lake
sweet life . beats being in this desert , although i gotta admit i love my long deployments
although i've to go i really dislike school
it gets better . have you thought of joining the army ?
i'm the shortest average american youth
you can still make it . i don't fear to die , so that helps me here .
i like to enjoy my summer by reading and walking
sounds like the typical lifestyle . i prefer something less conventional
it was a nice day out today
cool . i'm honored to risk my life so you can live in peace
nothing is to typical especially when you love doing it .
couldn't agree more . so would you consider joining the military ?
persona
i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.
my father used to be an insurance salesman.
i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
i cannot stand salads.
persona II
i am a morning person.
my favorite food is pizza.
i love cars.
i like to role play.
i do not like animals.
dialogue
hi good morning and how are you today ?
i hate salads because it makes me feel like a cow eating grass
or really . i do not take salad either . prefer my pizza all the time
my dad used to be a insurance salesman until he lost his job
oh so sorry . so how do you cope ?
i work helping my grandparents pizza shop after i dropped out of college
you can come ride with me in my new car if you have the time
i graduated valedictorian in my high school class though so i've achieved greatness
i cherish new vehicles a lot and just bought one . love pets too
what kind of car i've 2 dogs
totowa mylander 2016 . i have a dog too
i like totoyas they're my favorite cars
persona
i love to play basketball.
my favorite beer is coors.
i work in car sales.
i drive an acura.
my wife is a hairdresser.
persona II
i am the president.
i have lots of cash.
i used to own several casinos.
i used to own a casino.
i have been bankrupt and back.
dialogue
hello is there anyone there ?
well of course i am here
i am the leader of the free world , i am all over tv .
and yet you have time to talk to me ?
before i rule the country , i used to have many business but now i tweet all day .
oh okay , so you are trump .
i would like to think so , yeah
can not really say i'm a fan , but i'm one of basketball .
have you seen taj mahal ? that was mines at time .
the casino or the monument in india ?
you like basketball too ? how about come to a game with me .
only if you provide my favorite beer , coors .
i can do that , money is no factor i will put it on my tab .
sounds good , want to buy a car from me too ?
what kind of car ?
any , i work at a dealership .
persona
i like to draw other people.
i like to mountain bike.
i love people with a sense of humor.
i like to drink tea.
persona II
i prefer headsets over earbuds.
i live with my parents.
my favorite color is red.
i ve an iphone.
i travel often.
dialogue
hi do you want to travel with me ?
maybe , do we have anything in common ?
do you have an iphone ?
no , not yet . i am old fashioned . still draw with a pencil .
do you prefer headsets or earbuds ?
earbuds . makes mountain biking easier .
what is your favorite color ?
purple . how about you ?
red . i guess we do not have anything in common .
i love to laugh . maybe that's enough . sense of humor is the best .
well lets go . where do you want to travel to ?
never been anywhere . any ideas ? states or another country ?
korea . i want to go there .
that sounds scary . do you travel often ?
how is korea scary ? yes all the time
just hear it on the news . guess i should not believe everything . it is nice ?
persona
i design video games for a living.
i've been on the design team for over 65 video games.
my son plays on the local football team.
i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.
persona II
i like lightning mcqueen.
i have a cat named mater.
my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
grandpa takes me to get ice cream.
i like to play basketball.
dialogue
hey there how are you today ?
am good thanks just taking a break from work . you ?
i am ready to get off an make pizza
pizza for dinner ? or work ?
pizza is what we are doing for dinner
my son absolutely loves pizza could eat it everyday .
i bet my kids too , like cats ?
sure do have two myself . you like gaming ?
i like basketball an i have a cat name mater
my son loves football . do you like football
no not really i don't
ok so what is on the pizza you are making
my grandpa like ice cream my fav is butter pecan
what do you do for work ?
persona
halloween is my favorite holiday.
i own a hearse.
i love to crochet.
i work in a craft store.
i like alternative rock.
persona II
we have two pets as well.
i'm currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.
i am thirty years old.
i love to take my children on nature walks.
dialogue
how are you doing today
i am good and you
i am great . i wish it were sunnier .
me too this rain sucks
i can not even let my dogs out
yeah and then they complain
i know . they just want to enjoy a nice day .
yeah they want to dog around
do you have any kids
i don't do you
i have seven of them
wow that sounds impressive and hard
it keeps me on my feet
having two feet sure is nice
persona
we also have three dogs and two cats.
our kids are 14 and 12 years old.
my name is john and i live in dallas , tx.
i work as a physical therapist , and my wife is a school nurse.
my wife and i've 2 children.
persona II
i prefer baseball over football.
i work for a government agency.
my favorite team is the washington nationals.
my favorite food is pizza.
i like sports.
dialogue
do you want to watch some sports with me ?
it would be nice , what sports do you like ?
hmmm all of them , baseball the most ,
cool . do you have any kids ?
no , i work too much , what about you ?
my house is hectic , two boys , two cats and three dogs
i can come over for the nationals game , eat pizza
that sounds like a good idea
great , i want you to pay for it though
are you broke l o l ?
no i just want to feel loved
i don't think my wife would like that lol
oh , well i guess . who cares ? ?
obviously my wife would care
says who ? i'm a guy , i want a bromance
lol a bromance might be cool
persona
cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
my credit cards are maxed out.
i drive a fast sports car.
i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.
persona II
i love to travel.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i enjoy broadway shows.
i am a steelers fan.
dialogue
yo wassup ? go pittsburgh steelers !
i just off the phone with my ex . he just thinks he is my ex .
he just thinks he's my ex what does that mean ?
well he tried to break up but i'm still in love with him
i see . almost sounds like the plot of a good broadway show !
besides , it is his birthday and i know it made his day to talk to me
really ? lol . . . how long have you been together ?
i maxed out my credit cards following him and planting bugs
wow . you are just north of crazy , if you do not mind my saying !
it is ok , i drive a super fast sports car and he never sees me
lol . you sound like my kind of girl . do you get to travel a lot ?
sure , i can travel to meet you ! let me check with ex first though
haha . no need ! ! ! just making conversation !
well that kind of hurts my feelings . i really want to meet you
lol . suddenly my stomach hurts . . . every heard of avett brother , the band ?
we can go to a steelers game ! or avett avril concert ?
persona
i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
i love travelling and discovering new cultures.
i have been married for 20 years.
i'm a military veteran.
persona II
i'm 7 foot tall.
i am hoping to play basketball overseas.
i am hoping to play.
i recently had knee surgery.
i just graduated college.
dialogue
hey hows it going today ?
very well , thank you . how are you today ?
i'm okay . i just had knee surgery so trying to take it easy
knees definitely are often a problem . i take a friend to get ultrasound every few months .
oh that is cool ! i hope it hurries and gets better so i can play basketball overseas lol
does the knee problem interfere with your job or other important work you do ?
just playing basketball . i played in college . thankfully just graduated
so you are still a youngster ! all best wishes on the healing !
thanks ! how old are you ?
i'm 66 years old , and am a retired veteran .
well thank you for your service ! tell me something interesting about you
i travel a good deal now , especially in the pacific .
fun ! i'm 7ft tall if that's interesting lol
that sure is interesting , and good for a basketball player certainly !
only a basketball player if my knee heals lol . what branch were you in ?
in the army , i was in vietnam for 2 years .
well thank you for your service ! we definitely stand for the flag here !
you are welcome . i say the world trade center fall outside my south window .
persona
my favorite color is blue.
i m in the military.
i'm 25 years old.
i've one son.
i was a wrestler in high school.
persona II
i read three books a week.
i can read in english and french.
i love to read.
i dropped out of high school.
i learned how to reads when i was three.
dialogue
hello ! how goes it today ?
hi there i'm doing great !
wonderful ! do you like to read ? i adore reading .
yes i like to read to my son . he is eight years old .
i'm bilingual . i read mostly in english . i also love reading in french .
that is awesome ! because i'm military i don't have much free time .
i go through approximately 3 books in a week , sometimes more , i have lots of free time
i love to wrestle . i was very good in high school . do you like sports ?
sports are not my thing . i never finished high school , it was boring , i dropped out
well not for everyone . i also love to paint . just painted my kitchen blue .
my favorite color is red , blue is nice . i started reading at 3 years old
wow 3 years old ! how old are you ? i just turned 25 .
i just turned 30 this year
time does go by very fast . do you have children ?
i do , i am a single mom ,  month old girl
time does go by very fast . do you have children ?
persona
i have horrible allergies.
i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
i still love my cat despite all this.
i cannot stand clutter or dust.
when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
persona II
i do not believe in love.
i'm adopted.
i'm an only child.
i ride horses in my spare time.
dialogue
hey whats going on ? how are you
org terrible , my horrible allergies been acting up . . .
oh no that's awful . i love riding horses so i couldn't deal with allergies
ahahah . my cat is aggravating it , but i love her too much to give her away . . .
i could never give my horse away . being an only child , my horse is my companion
i could never ride horses . . . dust really bothers me . clutter too .
yea , no allergies for me . are you in a relationship ?
yeah , with my cat p . you ?
no i'm not . i do not think love exists . i'm down for other stuff though
lol harsh . no one can stand waiting an hour for me to get ready
i'd ; i'm also adopted . so i have no idea where my real parents are
www . . . its okay . have you tried finding out who they are ?
persona
i own a hot pink moped.
my favorite color is orange.
i m in a rock band.
i have really long fingernails.
persona II
i'm an orphan.
i like dogs.
i grew up in nevada.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i now live in new mexico.
dialogue
good evening , how was your day ?
pretty good ! i got to ride my moped today !
how fun ! i've not tried that before .
my moped is hot pink . but that's not my favorite color .
oh ? what is your favorite ?
it is orange . i have my nails painted orange . they are long .
orange reminds me of the earth in nevada . i miss it .
are you from nevada ? my band played there one time .
i grew up there ! maybe i saw you play ?
do you like rock music ? that is what my band plays .
i love it ! i used to charter bands back and forth in my private plane .
wow ! i'm afraid to fly . little planes scare me !
i stopped after a bad accident . i moved to new mexico to start over .
that sounds terrifying ! i bet new mexico is nice though !
the sunsets are beautiful this time of year .
i bet they are my favorite color orange !
persona
my husband is a firefighter.
we have two kids.
my favorite food is sushi.
i graduated with a nursing degree.
helping people makes me happy.
persona II
i also like ford trucks.
my truck is black.
i like ford cars.
i have a ford f150.
i own a ford truck.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i am doing well ! how about you ?
i'm alright . what do you drive ? i love my black pick up .
i drive a mini van . i need it to drive my 2 children around .
that's still nice . my pickup truck is a ford .
nice , what kind of food do you like to eat ?
regular i suppose . what do you eat ?
i really enjoy eating sushi .
i don't think i would eat sushi .
can you tell me a little about yourself ?
i really like to drive pick up trucks all the time , even in my spare time .
that sounds fun . is there anything that you'd like to know about me ?
are you married ? how old are your children ?
i am married . my husband fights fires for a living .
what do you do for hobbies ?
i enjoy doing volunteer work . i feel so good when i can help other people .
persona
i just bought a new mansion.
i am touring with frank ocean.
i drive a ferrari.
i am a rapper.
i live in japan and own the biggest mansion in the country.
persona II
i love to travel.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
i grew up by the ocean.
i like to eat pizza.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi , i am doing well and you ?
i'm doing pretty good . do you like food
yes i do ! i moved to japan just for the food . and you ?
i cook and bake and travel too
fun ! i just became a billionaire and bought the biggest mansion in japan
could godzilla fit in it ? wow
i'd not doubt it !
i live in the ocean so i'm scared of godzilla
he does not hurt ! what do you do for a living ?
just cooking and stuff . foods .
cool ! i rap for a living
persona
i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
i am afraid of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.
i don t fully understand my own feelings.
i feel that i can t live up to many people s standards.
persona II
i grew up on a large farm.
since i've fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.
i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
i love reading.
i just moved from va to pa.
dialogue
hey there , how are you ?
i am not doing so good . i just feel i am not living up to peoples standards
sorry to hear that . are you a perfectionist ?
i'm not sure , i do not understand myself and my feelings
do you have friends or family you can talk to ?
they do not understand me either and my thoughts about being a different gener
do you have any hobbies you enjoy ? anything that makes you happy ?
my hobby is basically trying to work out who i'm attracted too , you ?
i really like to read . maybe you could find a book to help you ?
maybe ! i'm afraid my parents might find it and reject me . tell me about you
i just moved to a new state . moving is a lot of work !
it is a lot of work ! i am sure you are glad its over
yup . exciting , but sad . moved away from my family farm i grew up on
oh do you think you will miss it a lot ?
probably , but i am sure everything will work out okay
i hope so too , for you and i both
persona
i think the moon landing was faked.
i talk very fast.
i have 3 thumbs.
i like the color red.
i can type 140 words per minute.
persona II
i just graduated college with my bachelors degree in education.
i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.
i'm twenty two years old.
i love children.
dialogue
hi there , how are you today ?
i am well . and you ?
great ! tell me about yourself .
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red .
interesting . . . i am a 22 year old college graduate with an education degree
that is awesome ! are you employed as a teacher ?
i recently accepted a job at an elementary school in my hometown
congratulations ! what grade will you be teaching ?
i am a 1st grade teacher i enjoying teaching children .
as a teacher , do you believe the moon landing was real or faked ?
i believe it was real . . . but who knows ? really ?
this is true , although i have been leaning towards it being faked lately .
i will love to dig deeper into that , but i'm unpacking my new apartment
settling into a new place is always tiresome yet exciting . do you have a balcony ?
persona
i like early 2000s indie music.
i m picky when it comes to food.
i d like to be a teacher in the future.
my temper is pretty short.
i love my pet dog more than anything.
persona II
i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.
i m never still.
i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.
i fix airplanes for a living.
i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
dialogue
hi . i fixed an old car that somebody gave me .
what kind ? i would like to teach mechanics by next year .
an old ford . you know car mechanics very well ?
yeah ! i've always wanted to teach and it is what i am best at .
good for you ! that's a good job to have .
i put on the early century station and tinker with cars . i get mad easily though .
it does take patience to work on automobiles and a lot of learning .
true . other than working on cars , i love my old garage dog , tiny .
do you like music ? i like all kinds .
i like early century music . i listen to a lot , but hate most foods .
my hobby is also listening to older music on vinyl records
we might like a lot of the same music . can i bring dog over an listen ?
maybe someday we can do that . i'm always busy doing something .
you need to slow down . my temper is out of control when i do not .
persona
my favorite city is new york.
i love to run.
my wife just left me.
i am a lawyer.
persona II
i've a dog named percy.
i like thomas the tank engine.
my cat died.
i like books about trains.
my poppa has a train set that i play with.
dialogue
hi ! how are you today ?
i am good thanks for asking
you are welcome ! would you like to meet percy my dog ?
sure what kind of dog is he ?
i think a mut . i got him after my cat who recently passed away
what do you do for a living ?
i research trains . i love trains . and you ?
i take the train to work everyday
you do ? ! i'm so jealous . did you ever watch thomas the tank engine ?
how are you by the way ?
doing just fine thank you . and you ?
i meant how old are you
oh real young . my poppa stills buys me trains
are you a boy or girl ?
persona
i'd travel the world if i could.
i like to read a lot of books.
i like spending time with my friends and family.
i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
i'm not much of a fan of hot weather.
persona II
my dog is my best friend.
i'm an accountant.
i believe in leprechauns.
my mom went crazy when i was three and i've not seen her since.
dialogue
hi there . i'm an accountant . you ?
i'm a librarian and love to read books in my spare time .
reading is fun , i love leprechaun books . i believe in them .
i believe in them too . i wish i could travel the world and go to ireland .
my mom went nuts when i was 3 and abandoned me in ireland .
my mom is nutty too . but i enjoy spending time with her and my family .
i do not have a family . my dog rover is my best friend .
i have 2 dogs !
nice ! they're the best .
what genres of music do you like ?
i love country . especially tyler farr . swoon .
i hate country . sorry ! i like alternative and rock .
gasp ! how could you not like country ! ? even leprechauns like it .
haha ! i did go to a garth brooks concert once during summer .
persona
i'm a middle aged woman.
i love to listen to religious music.
i don t talk a lot.
i like playing basketball.
i love my family.
persona II
i moved far from home.
i'm skilled in computer repair.
my family owns a farm.
i like to eat meat.
dialogue
hello how are you today
hello , since i like religious music i don't very much
do you know anything about farms
my family are the most important thing to me i love them
do you have kids at home
i know that we like to play basketball on farms most of the time
how many kids do you have
yes i have 2 kids , they are older since i am considered middle aged mom
what is middle aged these day
do you have any kids at all ?
i don't have any yet
well i'm told 45 to 50 . how old are you
i'm in the same bracket
you better get busy , running out of time
there is always adoption and technology is improving
this is very true , i am glad mine are all but grown though
persona
i have never had candy in my life.
i am a professional skittles player.
in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.
i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
persona II
i enjoy learning about other cultures.
i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
i m bored with my current lifestyle.
i wish i could speak another language.
dialogue
hello there how are we ?
good ! watching the baseball world series on my free time .
i'm more of a subtitle fanatic myself but sports overseas is serious business
well , half of the mlb are from overseas !
yes and that's why i love to try and learn new languages . , ,
i'm trying to learn japanese , solely because i love anime
otaku here and yes its where i started my love for the subtitle flicks
oh , that is so cool ! ever heard of the sport , skittles ?
no i've not what culture is that from ?
it is a sport based out of england
i get bored easily and my lifestyle is boring at the moment hence always looking
i always feel like my life is mundane
i know hence i can't wait to travel abroad maybe australia i do not know yet
i think there or new zealand for sure
yes their lifestyle is so different then here in the us
our country is really going downhill . very fast .
persona
i work in public relations.
i am from seattle.
my parents raised me as a buddhist.
my favorite band is bon over.
i'm a vegan.
persona II
i cannot cook.
i cannot stand beets.
i enjoy sleeping in on my days off.
every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
i am an ovo vegetarian.
dialogue
hi how are yu doing
good morning . i'm ok . how is your day so far ?
pretty good though i burnt me eggs again this morning
haha is that a regular thing for you ? i'm vegan so , i'dn't know lol
i suck at cooking i need lessons clearly
lol i was raised a buddhist so cooking is not really my thing either
ah i'm a vegan but i eat eggs hard to find good recipes
well technically you cannot be a vegan if you eat eggs . you can be a vegetarian
its called ovo vegetarian but the only non vegan thing eat is eggs
oh that's cool . i have never heard of that . where are you from ?
i live cali what about you
seattle . i work with the public relations department here for the state
ugh i like my job but my commute is the worst
oh no . how bad is your commute ?
its an hour but the slow traffic makes it worse
oh i bet . i live walking distance to my office . lol so not bad at all
persona
i am a viking.
i like to go fishing on my viking boat.
my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
its cold where i live.
i've a big beard.
persona II
i am a baseball player.
i can play the piano.
i like to read books about chinese history.
my favourite colour is green.
my dog is called alfred.
dialogue
hey ! how are you ?
i'm cold , but good ! and yourself ?
i am ok just got back from practice . . why are you cold ?
its cold here . what do you practice ?
i play 3rd base for a local team . do you play sports ?
i go fishing a lot . any hobbies ?
ice fishing ? i like to read and walk my dog
no on the ocean . i enjoy pillaging and fine dining
pillaging eh ? ll ! what do you like to dine on ?
apparently victims . . . but you sound like a nice normal person
i am not that normal . . i do have a green piano ! fava beans ?
no , no beans , i eat what i kill with my sword . or fishing pole .
persona
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
people do not like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to watch people pray together.
i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.
persona II
i enjoy skiing.
i love to travel.
i am from russia.
i go to school for business.
my favorite music is rock and roll.
dialogue
hey , you want to go skiing ?
the weather is nearly 80 where i live . but i would love to chat .
yeah , i guess we would have to travel too far . i miss russia .
i'm so sorry . are you here with your family or alone ?
i'm here alone taking business courses .
i will pray that all goes well with you . i failed the business end .
oh , that stinks ! listen to some rock and roll , that helps me .
i do like edm and since i am a christian , i listen to that genre .
who is edm ? maybe i will try it . need something to listen too when i travel .
electronic dance music is a type of music . much is digitally produced .
sound interesting . do you produce any yourself ?
no , i am not a musician . but i enjoy helping people .
persona
i like drinking expensive wine.
i once lost a diamond at a debutante ball.
i'm unemployed and living off a trust fund.
i like getting my nails done.
i own a french bulldog.
persona II
my mother died when i was a child.
i like to run.
my hair is long and blonde.
my favorite color is blue.
dialogue
hello how are you tonight
great , how about y o u ?
i'm great as well just went for a run
sweet . . . i'm drinking wine with my bulldog
that sounds fun i like blue wine
never had blue wine , is it expensive ?
no it is cheap just my favorite color
what do you do for a living ?
doctor right now used to be a nurse
great job , i'm a trust fund baby so i have never worked
that must be real nice i would love that
it is . the joys of not having to do anything
i would have to agree that is great
do you have any kids ?
just 1 son how about you
nope not anytime soon either
persona
in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.
i eat exclusively meat.
my favorite movie is good burger.
i like canning and whittling.
persona II
my mother is a teacher in the city.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i play the bass guitar.
i like to go out fishing.
i work out daily.
dialogue
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good thanks for asking
no problem , tell me something about you
i love exercising and being in shape
ohh , that ; s great . do you like to play guitar ?
no i do not . do you ?
yeah , i like to play bass guitar . what is your hobby ?
mostly going to the gym
for me , i like to go out for fishing and playing guitar .
what do you do for a living ?
i work as a sales manager
what city are you from ?
long beach , what about you ?
i'm in lake havasu az
persona
i like to play video games.
i work at mcdonald.
i play football.
my favorite movie is star wars.
i've a pet iguana.
persona II
i only have three best friends.
i like swimming.
i'm a girl who loves sports cars and video games.
my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
i'm a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.
dialogue
hello how is your day today ?
hi , my day is going well so far , i just got done with football practice ,
nice ! i just got done swimming ! lol
cool ! do you have any hobbies ?
yep i love race cars and researching everything about them you ?
nice ! i like video games , and star wars .
i love video games to whats your favorite game and system ?
nice ! i like video games , and star wars .
i love video games whats your fav game ?
play station , and first person shooter games , how about you ?
fps and racing games obv lol
cool , i have to feed my iguana and then get ready for work mcdonald ,
persona
i enjoy broadway shows.
i'm a steelers fan.
my favorite band is the avett brother.
i am a psychology major.
persona II
i think i m failing my women s studies class.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i m scared of left turns.
i've four siblings.
i got hired last week at mcdonald s.
dialogue
how are you doing today
hello i'm doing great getting ready for the steelers game
i love the steelers
i hope we win today we play at kanas city
we been doing pretty good lately
yeah we have last sunday i was mad we lost by so much .
yeah well you cant win every game
that's very true . what do you do for a living
i'm a stay st home mom for now
i'm in college studying psychology
that is cool how do you like it
it is okay i like that the tests are easy for me to pas
what are u going for your masters
i want to be a doctor . how old are your kids
1 5 1 3 4 and 5
wow do you have 2 sets of twins that is cool
persona
i barely show up to work.
i pay my employees minimum wage.
i am married with one child.
i own my company.
i make 70k a year.
persona II
i am a freelance writer.
i love working out.
my parents live in kentucky.
my favorite type of music is metal.
i currently am engaged to my high school boyfriend.
dialogue
hey , are you the guy i met at that metal show last night ?
maybe . i am pretty hung over .
oh me too ! i could not even work out today , i'm so tired .
i hardly even go to work , haha .
i hear ya , i work from home as a writer so i took today off .
i own a business . i should probably pop in more often .
what type of business is it ?
it is a grocery store . small business .
do you sell much organic food there ?
there's an aisle dedicated to that , yes !
that's great ! back home in kentucky farmers markets and organic produce is important .
my wife made me carry organic food .
good for her ! my boyfriends does not care about it as much as i'd like .
just force it on him , it worked for my wife .
ha ! great tactic , i will try that .
i'm sure everything will work out fine .
persona
i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i make pottery.
i have appeared on the show jeopardy.
i like to refurbish classic cars.
persona II
my motor never stops running.
my father was a driver himself.
i work on semi trucks for a living.
i want to take her on vacations one day.
i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.
dialogue
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am okay . . . really wanting a drink tonight
i would like one too , but i'm working in the morning so i cannot .
i was an alcoholic . . recovering now so i cannot . where do you work
i am a truck driver , that is great that you quit .
oh that could be interesting work lol . i am a pottery teacher
it is long and boring . i am away from home too much .
yeah i could see that . do you have a family ?
i do , my wife is at home , she's a chef .
oh lovely . i bet she has a hard time with you being gone
she does , when i retire we are going to travel .
i would love to travel some day . i've never really been anywhere
i have been everywhere , and only seen the highway .
hah yah that makes sense . . but gotta get that money
true , i'd love to have another career .
i'd love to re do old classic cars some day
persona
i love eating at mcdonald.
my parents both are school teachers.
the only music i listen to is pop , because it makes me feel happy.
watching nascar races is a great way to spend a sunday for me.
persona II
i'm ten years old.
tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
i love to read harry potter books.
and , my best friend is abigail.
dialogue
hi how are you doing ?
i'm great , how are you ?
i'm good thanks for asking
up to anything fun ? i'm sitting here eating mcdonald haha , i love mickey ds !
i am nervous for my first day of school monday
school starts monday ? that can be scary , both of my parents are school teachers in fact !
what grades do they teach ?
my mom teaches kindergarten my dad teaches high school science .
what do you do for a living ?
i'm in college !
what are you majoring in ?
what kind of music do you listen to ?
persona
i own 3 cats.
i deliver packages for a living.
i love candy.
i drive a honda car.
i'm a very funny woman.
persona II
i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.
i visit animal shelters fairly often.
i get along better with animals than people.
i have several different breeds of pets.
dialogue
hi how are you this evening ?
it is way too late for small talk
lol do you like animals ? i do more than people i think .
i don't like people . animals and aliens
cool ! i've many different kinds of pets .
cats . monkey . pigs . pink gorillas
what do you do for fun ? i enjoy being in nature with the wild life .
i enjoy being in the fish tank
interesting . i like volunteering at the animal shelters .
i like candy and candy
candy is good , are you ready for halloween ?
i am jim carrey all day
yes you seem like quite a character .
a stinky one so much
persona
my parents met at woodstock.
i love starbucks coffee.
i have a beautiful rose garden.
i have a cat named pickles.
persona II
i grew up as an orphan.
i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
i want people to notice me.
i will work hard for whatever i want.
dialogue
hello how are you today ?
i'm good . how are you ?
well i have been at work for 12 hours working on a project
wow , that's a lot of hours . what kind of project ?
it is an advertising campaign i'm hoping to get a promotion
hard work will pay off . tell me about yourself .
i've been working very hard on this project and expect to get noticed
i think you will . what are your hobbies ?
i grew up without any parents in an orphanage
i'm sorry to hear . what happened to your parents ?
they died in a car wreck when i was five
that is tragic . i like to garden . what about you ?
i like to hang out with my friends
me too , it is nice to have friends .
persona
i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.
i have a wife and two kids.
i'm a factory worker.
i want to be in a band someday.
persona II
my favorite food is pizza.
i like skateboarding.
i am a female.
i am in high school.
i have blonde hair.
dialogue
i'm about to have pizza . i love that . do you ?
i think its hard to find someone who doesn't like pizza
i agree . i love mine with all the meats and stuffed crust .
yeah i agree pepperoni all the way
i also like to skateboard a lot .
that's cool i work a lot so i don't have down time
i am still in high school .
that is cool i work in a factory
do you like doing that ?
no i wish i could play music instead
i play the guitar sometimes .
that is cool i play the drums when i've extra time
that sounds like it would be fun .
yeah i wish i had more time to spend with my family
my family never does anything together .
that is sad i try and do fun things with my kids
persona
i love photography.
i do not like waking up early.
i love the sound of the rain.
i like to use candles instead of lights.
i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
persona II
i live in a medium sized city.
i've a masters degree in creative writing.
i love to read.
i've 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
my favorite place to spend time at is the beach.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
hello i am doing good how are you ?
i'm just finishing up a really good book . what are you up to ?
i'm sitting here thinking of what clothes to design next for my online shop
piece of advice keep it classy , appeal to the introverts like me !
i just opened it last month
whats the name of your brand ? i will look for it
the name of my shop is lebes fashion shop on cafe press
i like the name ! what inspired you to create such a creative brand name ?
thanks alot . i got the name because my nickname is lele and i love fashion
very creative . i've a masters in creative writing so i just love creative people !
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 is my online shop
ahahah very nice ! i like the blue background . the bibs are cute too .
that's so cool ! yes i love to be creative .
a great place to reflect is the beach if you want to expand your abilities
thank you ! i try my best to make things creative
persona
i've always had long hair.
i worked at a movie theater for 4 years.
i am saving up to buy a new camera.
i like spicy food.
i enjoy running at night.
persona II
people don't like me too much but i like them anyways.
i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.
people hate that i obsess about the poor.
i like to watch people pray together.
dialogue
hiya , how are you doing today ?
great and how are you ?
great , just finished helping out at the soup kitchen .
what a great deed . i'm stuck at this movie theater working .
hey everyone needs to work ! i even like to work out .
i'm amy mind runner and love runner at night it cleanses
my favorite is running to hedm . christian electronic dance music baby !
cute , whats your favorite food ? i adore everything spicy .
oh i'm not a fan of spice , unless its the girls . i like chicken .
hilarious . . . i cut back on dinning out i'm saving my cash for a new camera .
we just donated from cameras at the church
i wish i had met you earlier . i am debating on cutting my hair its to long .
persona
i get my nails done every saturday.
i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.
i daydream about cafes in paris.
my family owns a grocery store.
i work as a receptionist at a lawyer s office.
persona II
i love to go horseback riding.
i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
my wife and i like to go scuba diving.
i grew up on a farm in kansas.
dialogue
hey . how are you on this beautiful saturday ?
i'm actually headed to the salon to get my nails done
oh really that is nice . i've to work . i am a cop in detroit .
sounds like a rough job
my beat is the suburbs so it is not to bad .
well that's good at least . do you enjoy your job ?
yes i do but sometimes i take off to go horseback riding .
that sounds like fun ! i like animals alot
so do i . i was raised on a kansas farm .
i'm from the city , i basically grew up in my parents store
wow . what kind of store do they have ?
groceries , but they're considering expanding
that is cool . my wife and i plan to go scuba diving soon .
that sounds like fun too . how long have you been married ?
that is cool . my wife and i plan to go scuba diving soon .
that sounds like fun too . how long have you been married ?
persona
i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.
i haven't had to work a day in my life.
i do not know why my sister in law dislikes me.
i'm fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuitton.
i think i need botos soon.
persona II
my mother is dead.
i work in advertising.
i've a golden retriever.
i write fiction for fun.
dialogue
hi how are you today
hi ! i'm and feeling fab from head to to my louis vuitton heals . you ?
nice do you have any dogs
no , no pets . you ?
i have a dog that looks just ilke lassie
ha ! what do you do ?
i do advertising and stuff
anything related to fashion design ? that's what i studied , but i've never worked
yeah my life isn't like mad men though
are you married ? kids ?
i'm not . is your mom alvie
yes , she's . my sister in law doesn't like and i wo not understand why
oh well tell her to get over it . mine died
sorry to hear that ! what do you like to do for fun ?
i write fiction novels in my spare time
oh , good for you ! maybe i should get a botos soon . . .
persona
i play football.
i drive a restored mustang.
i am a college student.
i like action movies.
my father is a doctor.
persona II
i just finished training as a security guard.
i work nights now and like my job.
i'm a 30 year old male.
i've two dogs.
dialogue
hi how are you ?
i am great . how are you doing ? its great weather for football !
it is beautiful ! . i was just outside walking my dogs
what kind of dogs do you have ?
i've 2 pitbulls . do you have any animals ?
no . i live in a college dorm . i am lucky to get to keep my car !
sometimes i wish i was still in college . my job has me working nights
what do you do ? night shift can be rough ! my dad does at the er .
i'm a security guard . it is a good job , just tiering
i can imagine . the stadium security guards are pretty nice here .
what stadium ? where do you live ?
the college football stadium . i play here , so i get to know them .
that's cool . i played football in college to . but that was a long time ago
what position did you play ? surely not so long ago
persona
my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
i have a puppy named tiki.
i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
i studied early childhood education in college.
i'm a kindergarten teacher.
persona II
i'm 25 years old.
we live in an apartment.
i've a 7 year old daughter.
my boyfriend is unemployed.
dialogue
i am so annoyed today
aw . how sad ! my puppy tiki could cheer you up !
yeah maybe . could your puppy make my boyfriend get a job ?
could be . i teach kinder after studying early childhood ed .
i need help taking care of my daughter but he does not care
sounds like we need to get some spicy tex mex !
i could go for some food . my boyfriend would be jealous .
i'm a chick , so i'm not sure why . i need to pandora the pretenders .
he's jealous of everything . not specifically you
sounds like he needs some essential oils .
maybe , how much does that cost
it varies . just research purity beforehand . i use them daily .
he has no money and i really don't want to buy him any
well , you may need to break up .
persona
i like to work puzzles.
my dad worked for home depot.
i love country music.
i am an aspiring fiction writer.
i am a teacher.
persona II
i love shoes.
i like to shop.
i like pizza.
i like to dance.
i like burritos.
dialogue
hello how are you doing ?
hi . . iam good . . how about you
i am doing well . whats your favorite food ?
i am not a big foodie . . but i like hot dogs much
i love hot dogs with mac and cheese . and pizza . and burritos . . .
what do you do for job ? ?
i am a dancer . what about you ?
i work in a school as teacher
wow , that takes a lot of patience . do you like it ?
ofcource . . i like children . . so like my job
that is a good thing . its hard to have a job you don't enjoy .
where you stay . . and what are your hobbies ? ?
persona
i exercise often and have nice muscles.
i am bald with a thick beard.
i wear nice clothes.
i work as an attorney.
persona II
i just got a new sweater.
it was too small.
i can t do math.
i smell like french fries.
i also eat too much french fries.
dialogue
hello . how are you this evening ?
i am working overtime in the office .
yeah . me too . that is how i feel right now anyway .
we work so much ! i'm an attorney . you ?
i'm an editor at a major publication .
we both have stressful jobs .
yeah . forget about it for a minute . what do you do for fun ?
i exercise . i like to build up good muscles .
are you pretty ripped ? i am going shopping tomorrow .
that is nice ! i like shopping for nice clothes .
i've a new sweater but it does not fit . i am going to return it .
do you want to go shopping together ?
sure if you don't mind being around a guy who smells like french fries .
ha ! no worries . i smell like onion .
uh . ok ! lets be shopping buddies !
maybe your sweater will be a good fit for me !
persona
i work at a candy store.
i played football in college.
i run two miles everyday.
i have a passion for politics.
persona II
i love dogs and cats.
i've a lot of friends.
i live in a house.
i'm ten years old.
dialogue
hi i am stacy . how are you ?
hello , i am julie . i am doing very well , you ?
i am fine . i am  years old . how old are you ?
i am 26 . do you have any hobbies ?
i love pets . i like to my walk my dog and play with my cat .
very cool ! its nice outside today here . is it nice by you ?
it is really nice . good weather for dog walk .
good weather for me to run , like i do every day . do you like sports ?
i do what sports do you like ?
i like football , i was a kicker in college .
wow so you kick the football into the goal ?
kind of i kicked the ball for extra points or a field goal
oh ok . that makes more sense now .
i am watching football on tv today . do you like to watch sports too ?
persona
before i die , i want to skydive.
i start an internship in engineering later this year.
i am a famous video game character online.
my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.
i've a pet snake.
persona II
i am a poet.
i am the head of the gun club.
my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
i donate old clothes to the homeless.
i have a beta fish.
dialogue
how are you ? i am home sorting out old clothes to donate to the homeless .
hello , i am great . sitting with my pet snake
i wonder if your snake would eat my beta fish ?
i don't think you would like fish .
do you like poetry ? i write poems .
poems are nice . engineering did a lot of poems .
do you like guns ? i am the head of our gun club .
i am a video character online . that shots guns .
i enjoy golfing with my friends on sunny days .
i like the desert and want to move there . it is sunny .
i would think it is too hot .
i love to be in the middle of the desert always .
i'd like to visit a desert just for the experience .
yes , i did my internship there . it was awesome !
persona
my favorite hobby is gardening.
i'm 77 years old.
my family gets together every saturday.
black coffee is my addiction.
my husband died last year.
persona II
i like to take walks.
we plan to travel after he retires.
many of my former students like to visit me.
i am a retired school teacher.
dialogue
hello care to chat before my walk ?
yes . sure . this day , last year , my husband died .
oh no ! . i am very sorry to hear about that .
that's okay . i have been in this world 77 years , my time is almost up too .
do you have any fond memories from your childhood ?
yes . every saturday , my entire family comes together and we have a wonderful time .
does that still happen ? or something from the past ?
no . it still happens . i love it when we are all together .
ah i get visits from my grandchildren too .
that's very nice . what is your hobby ? i love gardening .
i like cooking for my family
that is nice . speaking of cooking , i'm addicted to black coffee .
coffee is the best sometimes i have it black , sometimes i have a little creamer .
yes , do not forget the creamer . very important .
ha , i've to go work on dinner . talk to you later .
talk to you later . nice talking to you
persona
i love winning.
i don't like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
i can tell right away if i am going to like someone.
coffee is important to me.
i love sunny days.
persona II
i would like to be a teacher in the future.
my temper is pretty short.
i am picky when it comes to food.
i like early 2000s indie music.
dialogue
i do not know if i've got what it takes to be an elementary school teacher . . .
you have to believe in yourself . no one else will .
haha , but i am such a bad example to kids man .
if you went to school , i doubt that . you must have some confidence .
sure , but if i cannot eat my veggies how can i tell kids to ? !
just tell them they need to do it more than you since they are still growing .
i could try , but i'm also bad at handling backtalk . bad temper , or short .
set up a punishment schedule to keep you both in line .
what if we all just sat around and sang alands morisette songs instead ? ll
probably not . i work with college kids and that would not work .
what ? that seems like the best route for college kids !
nah . maybe the artsy ones , but i have the jocks .
jocks can be sensitive too !
maybe . i guess we are all just too focused on the game .
what kind of game does not have room for good music ?
football . most of them are looking for the pros to draft them .
persona
i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.
one day i played the lottery.
i'll never punch a clock again.
i'm rich beyond my dreams.
persona II
i work at a bookstore.
i don't drive.
my mom is a nurse.
i never knew my dad.
dialogue
hi how are you today ?
hello , i am well . how are you ?
i am great thanks . do you have any plans today ?
i am working as telemarketer , 9 5 regularly . you ?
i work at a book store . do you like to read ?
cool , i love to read . have a favorite book ?
yes my favorite book is all quiet on the western front . whats your favorite book
oh wow , i just read that one . i love the harry potter series
i actually have not finished harry potter yet .
its extremely long ! by the way , have you ever played the lotto ?
i played the lotto with coworkers , some sort of pool .
interesting . i am going to play today . i hope to win something !
that sounds excited . i hope you win too
thank you . anyway , have any hobbies ?
yes i like riding horses and running . what do you like to do
i like cooking and listening to music . i like to run too
persona
i'm a guy that enjoys being a guy.
i'm close to my mother , but not to my father.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.
persona II
i want to visit the uk.
i like to skate.
i sometimes write poetry.
my favorite color is black.
dialogue
one day i want to go to uk , and skate there too .
oh , that's where my father lives . i live with my mom in the us .
where in the us , i like to write poetry and you ?
in colorado , i spend a lot of my times hiking and doing other man things .
what is your favorite color ? mine is black
my favorite color is red . do you watch any television ?
yes i do , what do you watch ?
i binge watch shows on netflix like the office . you ?
i like to watch heros , and shows like that
oh i love heroes . i used to watch that with my mom .
ha ha , that was a few years ago . . .
yeah i do not have a lot of time for new shows . i am always outdoors .
persona
i am male.
i am unsociable.
my weakness are sweets.
i'm a jack of all , master of none.
i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
persona II
i do yoga three times a week.
i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.
i'm a high school teacher.
i'm married with 2 kids.
i live in chicago.
dialogue
hey i am tully thanks for chatting with me , how are you ?
hey i am lele . i am doing good . how are you ?
smashing . cool name lele . i once met a lele teaching my highschool classes
thank you . what do you do for work ?
i teach yoga to high school kids 3 times a week , you ?
i'm a csr for a big company
whats that ? what kind of company ?
csr customer service representative . i work for apple
wow pretty neat ! do you like it ?
yes i love it . i also just opened my online shop in august
nice ! what are you selling ? anything i might buy ?
i sell all sorts of things . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
persona
dancing is my passion.
i m terrible at math.
i m a college student.
i've a dog named socks.
persona II
my mom is my best friend.
i couldn t live without my cell phone.
i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.
i'm more of a cat person than a dog person.
dialogue
hi , how are you today ?
hi ! i'm doing good today and how are you doing ?
good . i am getting ready to go out for drinks with some friends .
that sounds like fun ! ! do you go to college ?
no , i graduated a couple of years ago .
that is pretty cool . i'm still attending .
tell me something you could not live without .
i can't live without my dogs . they are my babies .
oh . i could not live without my cell phone . it is sad .
i think that is most people though . i would miss my phone .
yeah . it really is pretty sad .
i always almost need my phone to do math .
yeah , same here ! what kind of phone do you have ?
i have a iphone 6s . what kind of phone do you have ?
awesome . that is the same one i've .
i really do like my iphone i just need more memory !
persona
i love reading.
i love comics.
i have a cat as a pet.
my favorite band is nightwish.
persona II
my favorite band is insane clown posse.
i'm chubby.
i work as an interior designer.
i love to larp.
i am tall and blonde.
dialogue
hi , where are you from ?
vegas , i like to gamble with my pet cat .
your cat gambles too ? icp is playing in vegas tonight ! you a fan ?
no , i like nightwish , you hear of them ?
never . sounds like a name i could use while larp ing though ! what do you look like ?
like a nerd , i read a lot of comics .
i've golden hair , and long legs . not particularly thin though . .
that's funny , do you read ? i read a lot .
i read a lot of interior design books for my job . took much reading , not enough exercise .
i like exercise , you should try it
i thought i was getting enough when i did larp . ever try that ?
no , it sounds like a horrible hobby .
what is your favorite book ? i read an autobiography if insane clown posse recently .
i like reading brochures and safety labels mostly .
persona
i volunteer at animal shelters.
country music makes me cringe.
i have blonde hair that reaches my knees.
i m an amazing dancer.
persona II
i'm an only child.
my favorite food is pizza.
i am a student.
my favorite color is red.
dialogue
hello ! how are you ? what is your favorite color ?
i like pink . dancers wear pink .
i think my favorite is probably red , are you a dancer ?
yes . i do not like country though .
do you have brothers sisters ? i do not . i am all alone !
i've five siblings and two dogs
are you in school ? i'm a college student .
i'm done with that .
we eat a lot of pizza in school haha , but it is my favorite !
what do you study there
i am an art major
i like the kinetic arts
what is that ? i am not really sure .
like movement and beautiful dancing
persona
i'm a great baker.
i'm a nurse.
i surf often.
i was an army brat.
persona II
i'm a national guard officer.
i work as a public affairs liaison.
i love cold , wintry weather and snow.
i eat too much fast food.
dialogue
hello . i'm paul . how are you
i'm great . thanks . my names lucy .
hi lucy . its that time , winter . i just love the snow and the cold .
i am a summer kinda girl . surfer girl . what are your hobbies .
hiking . i need to stay active due to me eating so much fast food
ha ha . gotcha . do you like baked goods ? i bake a ton !
what do you do ? i myself an a national guard office in public affairs liaison
i'm a nurse at our local hospital . hey my dad was in the navy for years .
very commendable field . i worked in the medical field prior to design .
cool ! any pets for you ?
yes actually . a cat named majora .
www ! i love animals . pup for me named jack .
awe . i too had a dog who i miss very much . he's in hawaii .
why is he in hawaii ? you must miss him terribly .
persona
i think i'm failing my women studies class.
i drive a blue honda civic.
i am scared of left turns.
i got hired last week at mcdonald.
persona II
i own 9 guitars.
i am a vegan.
i learned piano at age 6.
i am trying to play in a local band.
dialogue
hey , how are you doing ? want to join a band ?
a band ? school is stressing me out right now so maybe ?
you don't have to worry about it , i have like 9 guitars if you wanna borrow .
i am pretty sure i am failing one of my classes . i have a job at cmds .
mcdonald ? ! how could you buy into that ? i do not eat meat , they mistreat their animals .
i just got hired and i need the money .
i guess i can understand that . . . maybe i can help you with your class ?
sure , what do you know about women studies ?
oh , i know a lot about women studies ! i'm a women studies major , minor in music .
i wish i could afford to drop it . tell me about your band .
i play the piano for them , but the pianos a little hard to integrate with rock .
that sounds cool . i have stage fright so no band for me .
i guess i am just accustomed . i have been playing since i was little . anything is possible .
i avoid the spotlight and public speaking . turning left scares me too .
huh ? why does turning left scare you ?
i was in an accident once
persona
i grew up in alabama.
i don't like the song sweet home alabama.
i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.
persona II
i have a boxer dog.
i like baths.
i like to exercise.
i like to listen to music.
my father lives in china.
dialogue
hello ! i hope you are having a nice night . . . or day , if you live around the globe !
i'm , i'm from alabama so it is night here . you ?
i am from indiana . my dad lives in china for work though .
what does your dad do ? my mom works at a grocery store as a checker .
he is in banking . its all more than i understand . what do you like to do ?
i love listening to music . what is your favorite song ?
i also love music ! kingdom come by coldly is my favorite for now
nice , i do not know my favorite , but i hate sweet home alabama .
i bet that gets old ! i like music that i can run to
i do not run much . . . . . except for that one time recently .
i ran track for school . what was that one time ? so mysterious .
i saw the easter bunny , he was hidden behind my closet door .
spooky . . . my dog would go ballistic at that . do you have an easter bunny phobia ?
i do now . it was terrifying .
i bet . i would never close that closet again .
yeah , most people don't believe me , but i know what i saw .
persona
my mother is a ballet dancer.
i've a pencil thin mustache.
i am from baltimore md.
i'm a medical file clerk.
persona II
its good to eat a lot of veggies.
i like meat too much.
i want to be a vegetarian.
i do the shopping in my house.
dialogue
hi how are you doing
i am good . how are you today ? do you have to work today ?
ho i stay at home while my husband works
i work in a for a doctor filing papers .
that's an interesting job do you like to cook
i don't cook much , i enjoy eating out . do you like sports ?
not too much i'm a vegan so i like to do a lot of meal prep
always intrigued by a vegan diet . seems like a lot of work .
it is i have not been doing it for very long i love meat
so you do not like sports . i am a ravens fan . it is my hometown team .
do you still live in baltimore
yes i do . where are you located ?
i'm in the midwest i would love to visit one day
love east coast life . close to ny , enjoy visiting there .
persona
i went to the university of north carolina.
i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.
i play basketball.
i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
i'm an athlete.
persona II
my parents were divorced.
i am a widow.
i've broken my arm twice.
i grew up with 6 siblings.
dialogue
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just catching up on some sports news . you ?
i am ok . just recovering from breaking my arm for the second time .
oh yikes ! as an athlete , i can relate . i am a basketball player . you ?
nice ! i'm actually unemployed at the moment because of my arm .
the minnesota wolves drafted me last season , so i couldn't imagine being injured now .
yeah this happened at a terrible time . how long have you been playing ?
not the star , but i make about emil a year , so i cannot complain !
wow ! do you have any siblings who play too ?
no , but my teammates at the university of north carolina were like family .
that must be awesome ! i've a huge family so its always been chaotic .
i'm sure . my schedule makes it hard to have a family of my own .
persona
i like toyota cars.
i like to vote.
someday i'd like a truck.
i don't like working long hours.
i work at a hospital.
persona II
i play ice hockey.
i live in the united states.
i am a boy.
i go to high school.
math is my favorite subject.
dialogue
hi how are you doing today ?
hi , fine and how are you ?
i am good what do you do for work
i work at our local hospital , how about you
i'm in 9th grade so i cannot yet .
so what do you want to do when u finish school
i play hockey so maybe the nhl
playing hockey sound like fun
it is . i'm a boy !
do you like cars or trucks ?
when i drive i might get both
i drive a toyota car but trying to buy a truck
persona
although i ski down high hills , i've a fear of heights.
my family is very supportive of my skiing.
i'm a competitive ski racer.
i broke my arm skiing once.
persona II
since my dog died i'm incomplete.
i live in a house with a yard.
my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
i am a mom with two sons and a husband.
dialogue
my dog passed away . i'm so sad .
www i'm so sorry
my yard is so empty now .
you can get a new puppy it wo not be the same but it will help a little
maybe . my boys and my husband aren't doing well .
i bet . what do you do for a living
i'm an artist .
you must be very talented , i ski professionally and compete in events
what inspired you to do that ?
i just really love the snow and lived in colorado for a while
nice . my inspiration is in the world
the world does have endless things to paint or draw
like someone skiing down a snowy mountain
yes that's pretty to see . i
persona
i d also like to study abroad in spain.
i'm a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.
i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
persona II
i grew up in nevada.
i'm an orphan.
i used to fly planes for a living.
i now live in new mexico.
i like dogs.
dialogue
hello from nevada how are you ?
i am well someone called me from there
haha wasn't me promise i'm normally in new mexico but i'm visiting
really ? i can not wait to teach
what are you looking to get into ? i was a pilot
i like sports an my family has tickets
cool i never had family i was an orphan . parents were in an accident
oh man i'm sorry to hear that
its all good do you like pets ? i've a dog
no i want to study in spain
oh when are you going there ?
i hope in a few years
nice hopefully it is a good time over there
i hope so i am scared grew up in my
i do not blame you its a new place
i meant in new york
persona
i work out daily.
i play the bass guitar.
my mother is a teacher in the city.
my favorite food is cheeseburgers.
i like to go out fishing.
persona II
my favorite book is twilight.
i broke my nose in 5th grade.
i've 6 toes on one foot.
i've glasses.
i hate skiing.
dialogue
how is it going today ?
awesome , had a great workout and feeling pumped ! you ?
good , but i had to go to the eye doctor .
that sucks , you ok or just a vision check ?
i broke my glasses when i stepped on them .
cannot relate , have never done that , but i did pop a string on my bass this morning
its because of my big feet , you know 6 toes and all .
wow ! that's cool .
yeah , but since i cannot find boots that fit i hate to go skiing .
i like to go fishing . no footware required !
do you go ocean fishing ?
up there , i meant bass guitar string , not bass fishing , ll
yeah , i assumed that's what you meant .
i do like both kinds of bass though , ll . mostly streams and rivers , not ocean
persona
i ride a unicycle.
i own 4 cats.
my favorite band is metallica.
i work at the grocery store.
i'm a college student.
persona II
i'ven t done anything since high school.
i was diagnosed with autism.
i listen to linkin park , i don t know why.
people in school said i was quiet.
i play games at the arcade , still.
dialogue
hello ! how are you today ?
i'm just fine , i just finished practicing riding my motorcycle
cool . i was listening to linkin park in my room .
i meant to say unicycle lol , and i've never heard that song
a unicycle seems hard . and it is a band .
a unicycle is actually pretty easy , you just need to balance yourself
i do not know if i could do that . do you like anything else ?
i like reading , exercising , singing , writing poetry , rapping
you do a lot . wow . i like to play arcade games is all .
i also have 4 cats , they are a lot of work for me
that's a lot of cats . i don't have any animals .
a lucky you , do you have a job ?
i do not . i have autism so it is hard for me to work .
i understand , my little brother has autism and he is non verbal
persona
i love adventure that is why i've been a sales person all my life.
i'm 5 3 an love movie time.
i'm a fitness guru.
i am a true believer in god first.
i'm a carefree , unloving , free spirited person.
persona II
i love to play league of legends.
i'm a professional gamer.
i am currently single but i am ready to mingle.
i love dogs.
i occasionally go for walks down by the park.
dialogue
hi , jen here . i newly divorced and looking for something new .
i have been a salesperson for my whole life and i love adventure !
wow ! my best friend is name lady and she walk on four legs .
all 4 ? , movie time is my favorite , did i mention i am 5 3 ?
great height . lady is my exercise coach . we run in the park .
park , hah ! , some would call me the guru of fitness !
